STAR OF THE WEST 113
Bahai Methods of Education
A Compilation of the Words of Baha'o'llah and Abdul-Baha to assist Parents and Teachers
in the Education of Children
COMPILED BY PAULINE A. HANNEN
Uttcrances of Abdul-Baha in Tablets and Talks--Continued
(Continued from page 104)
IN PRAYER.
Prayer and supplication are two
wings whereby man soars toward the
heavenly mansion of the True One.
However, verbal repetition of prayer
does not suffice. One must live in a
perennial attitude of prayer. VVhen
man is spiritually free, his mind becomes
the altar and his heart the sanctuary of
prayer. Then the meaning of the verse
"Vile will lift up from before his eyes
the veil" will become fulfilled in him.
Whenever I wanted to go to the Palace
of Bahajee to meet the Blessed Perfec-
tion, I walked alone and on foot, in
order to be in an attitude of prayer. In
the Mosque of Acca for many years I
had a simple room all to myself to which
no one had any access. Now and then
I would go there and stay one whole
day, passing the time in quiet contem-
plation and prayer. But later on the
affairs of the Cause became manifold,
and I had to give practically all my time
to their dispatch and management. Thus
I could no longer enjoy those peaceful
hours of spiritual reflection. How I
would love to be able to arrange now so
that I might go away alone and live in
entire seclusion! For this reason I
went to Tiberias, but it was not much
of a seclusion.
(Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, June
18, 191-1.)

In prayer one must turn his face
towards the sanctified Reality of His
Holiness Reality
which surrounds all the phenomena.
During the time of prayer His Holiness
must be singly and alone
the center towards whom all the faces
are turned.
(Excerpt from Tablet. Diary of
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, July 30, 1914.)

PR-AYERS FOR CHILDREN.
God! Educate these children.
These children are the plants of Thy
orchard; they are the flowers of Thy
meadow; they are the plants of Thy gar-
den. Let Thy. rain fall upon them; shine
upon them with the heat of Thy Sun of
Reality. Let Thy breezes refresh them,
in order that they be trained, grow and
develop, and appear in the utmost of
beauty. Thou art the Giver! Thou art
the Compassionate!
(Star of the West, Vol. 3, No. 10.
p. 32.)
God, rear this little babe in the
bosom of Thy love and give -it milk from
the breast of Providence.
Cultivate this fresh plant in the rose-
garden of Thy love and nurture it by
showers from the clouds of Providence.
Make it a child of the Kingdom and
lead it to the divine world. Thou art
powerful a11d kind! Thou art the Giver,
the Bestower, whose blessings precede all
else.
(Tablets of Abdul-Baha, Vol. 1, p. 50.)
Make thou this little maid-servant a
brilliant-starred daughter of the King-

