STAR OF THE WEST 145
hour there is a fate", for the Bahais
there is an unfulfilled destiny, if these
non-existent ones are perchance of that
army of the Kingdom, and that destiny
"to build the Temple of God". VVith
What thanksgiving for the newly opened
door in Haifa, can we n0W gird up our
loins for the final effort!
Today, the treasury holds in bank and
in certificates of deposit $105,322.68 in
bonds $24,000; and in intangible or other
securities or articles of value, of esti-
mated value of $7,000; totalling $136,-
322.68. There are, besides, unpaid
pledges in the vicinity of $30,000. To
pass the $200,000 mark required, we need
(counting the unpaid pledges) 
677.32. VVithout unpaid pledges, we
need Any
pledgors, with outstanding instalments
thus far unpaid can readily see the situ-
ation. We know something of the spir-
itual difficulties and real reasons for the
delay on some of these. Let us suppli-
cate for the removal of these barriers
and the glorious fulfillment of these
promises.
But the great attainment lies a step
beyond the pledges thus far made. Vile
are now squarely facing the brilliant
possibility of the laying of the corner-
stone, God willing, by the hand of
Abdul-Ba-ha. A few thousand dollars
stretch between us and that colossal
event. In the face of perhaps the great-
est material barriers yet confronting us,
only the divine guidance and the
heavenly confirmations can clear the
path. But our action is nevertheless
essential.
At its August meeting, the Executive
Board of Bahai Temple Unity, after
earnest supplication and consultation,
voted to issue a letter to each one of the
friends in the Cause, suggesting the use
above amounts are ap-
proximate. The correct statement is
given on the following page over the
signature of the Treasurer whose books
were audited to Editors.
of the following prayer revealed by His
Holiness The the period
of Nov. 8-Nov. 2-6 inclusive--and that on
the final day, the blessed anniversary of
the Day of the Covenant, Nov. 26, each
soul make his offering for the Mashrekol-
Azkar, for the completion of the fund
and as a means of assisting in the estab-
lishment of the Most Great Peace. All
such offerings should be sent to Corinne
True, the new Treasurer of the Building
Fund Committee, and Financial Secre-
tary of the Unity.
This blessed prayer, which was trans-
lated by Dr. Zia. M. Bagdadi at Green
Acre, Eliot, Maine, August 18, 1918, is as
follows:
"Say! God sufflceth everything
above everything and nothing in the
heavens or in the earth besides God
sufficeth! Verily, He is in Him-
self, the Knovver, the Sustainer, the
Omnipotent. 
Dr. Bagdadi stated that this prayer
was revealed by His Holiness The Bab
for the removal of great sufferings, to
be said 314- times every morning for
nineteen days.
In the over-shadowing spirit of this
prayer may we bring this letter to a.
close, confident in His promise and be-
stowal, confident in you, the sincere ser-
vants of His Beauty, that the certainty
of the establishment of the great Mash-
rekol-azkar is at hand, even in this hour.
Let us recall these glorious words of
His Holiness (in 
cl-Alcdas) 
"Blessed is he who fulfilled My
Covenant, and whom the world pre-
vented not from entering the Court
of My Holiness."
"Blessed is he who was attracted
by My Melodies, and rent the veils
asunder by My Power."
In His love,
Charles Mason R-emey,
for the Executive Board.
Alfred E. Lent,
for the Building Fund Committee.

