STAR OF THE WEST 77
Letter from Charles Mason Remey
Dear Bahai friends:
. . . . I have recently terminated
the matter of the tombstone where the
remains of our late Bahai brother, Thorn-
ton Chase, rest in Inglewood Cemetery,
Los Angeles, Which for some time had
been pending and I am now happy to be
able to tell you that the stone is in place.
From the letters and photographs which
have been sent me the monument appears
to be most satisfactory.
An excavation was made and the
casket was permanently enclosed in a
concrete tomb which Was built up to the
level of the ground to form the founda-
tion for the stone which is a single piece
of granite one foot thick, six feet six
inches in length and three feet wide,
Weighing one and three-quarters tons.
The top is polished and upon this is in-
scribed the Greatest Name placed within
a circle Which is divided into nineteen
segments, and the following lettering;
"T1-ns Is THE ILLUMINED 
PLACE or  HOLY soon
THORNTON CHASE
WHO IS SHINING IN THE HORIZON
or ETERNAL LIFE LIKE A sun. 

1847-1912.
The matter of this stone was first taken
up with Mrs. Chase Who gave her con-
sent; then through Mrs. Emogene Hoagg,
who was at that time in the Holy Land,
Abdul-Baha sent his Word of approval.
After this the Work was begun.
The design of the stone is severely
simple. The plainest kind of a mould-
ing forms a base above which runs a
series of small circular sunken panels,
nine along each side of the stone, and
three across each end, in all making
twenty-four in number.
Since Abdul-Baha has made Mr.
Chase's tomb a place of Bahai pilgrim-
age, in my imagination, I have seen
erected there a mausoleum, possibly in
the form of an open circular temple, the
roof of which, supported by nine col-
umns, would afford shelter to the many
who will visit the spot.
In this stone, I had in View a. mon-
ument for the present complete in itself,
and one which eventually might serve
as a tomb slab to form the central fea-
ture of a mausoleum Which may be built.
Faithfully yours,
C. Mason Remap.

