STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strength-
ened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall he; these fruitless
strifes; these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
V01. IX Masheyat 1, 74 (September 27, 1918) No. ll
Talks by Abdul-Baha in the Holy Land--Continued
TRANSLATED BY DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
The following compilation of some of the utterances of Abdul-Baha after his
return to the Holy Land from America, Europe and Egypt, is the fourth
published under this heading--the first appeared in issue No. 2,
the second in No. 3, the third in No. 10.
(Continued from page 120)
IN the evening Abdul-Baha spoke the
following to the friends: "There were
blessed souls during the early days of
the Cause in the city of Narak, Persia,
such as Hadji Kamal-el-Din and his
brother Mirza Mahmood. They were the
nephews of Hadji Mullah Mohammed
Mujtahed (a Mohammedan high priest).
Although their uncle was very influential
and the Mujtahed of Kashan and al-
though he was very bitter in his enmity
and hatred, all of his efforts to drive
them away from the Cause 'only in-
creased their faith.
"Hadji Kamal-el-Din, a great person-
age, was severed, trusting and free from
all imitations. He was the nephew of
Mullah Ahmad Naraki and he was re-
spected and esteemed in the city of
Narak. Immediately after he became
a believer, the enemies arose against him
until he was compelled to leave Narak
and go to Bagdad. Here at the edge of
the bridge, Where pilgrims pass, he
opened a grocery store. He was so sev-
ered that he did not even give attention
to the pilgrims who Were going or com-
ing from Kashan. He never gave thought
to this idea, am the nephew of Mullah
Ahmad Naraki. I was honored, respected
and dignified. It is not becoming that
these people should see me now in the
grocery business.' Nay, rather he was
in the utmost joy. Later on the mem-
bers of his household became very suc-
cessful.
"When he heard that the Blessed
Beauty had gone from
Bagdad to Kazmin, although the dis-
tance was great, he traveled it on foot
because he could not afford to pay the
route-fare of a half abbasi (about half
a cent). But his face was aglow with
joy and happiness. He was indeed of
the essence of existence. Such souls
possess freedom and live in another world
and condition. Their lives were not even
for a moment in safety. Yet they lived
in loving assurance. That is, although
they expected any minute to be killed,
they never thought of any fear. The
majority of the friends in those days
were Waiting for They never
thought of rest. They Waited anxiously
for the day when they could clasp the in-
toxicating cup of the Wine of great mar-
tyrdom and for the hour when they
would step forth into the arena of sacri-
fice, to lay their lives on the altar of
love."
June 21, 1914.
The students of Beirut College, some
of whom were graduates of the med-
ical college and some from the high
school, arrived in Haifa to spend their

