STAR OF THE WEST 205
world to another world? He wept and
wept till he drew his last breath.
(From Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
July 25, 1914.)
KINDNESS TO BIRDS AND
ANIMALS.
Did you hear the cooing of the doves"?
Just now some one fired a gun and they
all became silent. How sweetly they coo.
How lovely it is to see them enjoying
their unrestricted freedom! Is it not
cruel to kill these sweet little birds How
much better to see them tamed through
the gentleness of man! In many coun-
tries of the West, laws are enacted to re-
strict the cruelty of man toward ani-
mals, and in some states they can be
hunted only at certain seasons. When
I was in America, I went through several
large Zoological Gardens, some of which
covered many acres. In these gardens
hunting is strictly prohibited. There
are other large National Parks in West-
ern America which I have not seen,
where I have been told, gazelle and 'deer
roam at will and man is not allowed to
interfere with their freedom. In these
places the animals become so tame that
they associate with men. How ideal this
is; how perfect, how good!
One day when we were in Bagdad, a
company of small birds took refuge in
a tree, because they were chased by a
hawk. Someone took a gun and fired
at the hawk. It fell to the ground dead.
The birds became very happy and fiew
away, circling in the air and singing
songs of joy.
Another day we went from Bagdad
to Salmani Park, a village several miles
from Bagdadlarge
bush of thistle, under which numerous
sparrows had gathered and over which
perched a hawk. The poor sparrows,
having seen the hawk, had sought shel-
ter under the clump 'of thistle and the
hawk __had followed them. However,
fate was against it, for one of the thorns
had pierced its breast, causing its death.
The sparrows, unaware of this fact, con-
tinued to remain there until they died
of starvation.
Another day the Blessed Beauty,
desired to go to Salmani
Park. This village was a country place
and its climate being fine, 
liked to go there. A fine white donkey
was brought, upon which he rode while
several of us followed on foot. When
we reached the place, we asked the keep-
er of the Mohammedan shrine, whether
he had anything for us to eat. He had
nothing, but told us there was a little
hamlet six miles away, where one could
buy eggs. At this moment the Blessed
Beauty heard our voices and came out of
the room. He said: "Tonight, I will
cook for you a nice dish." When the
time arrived, he said to us: "Bring
some dates and butter and I will cook for
you a Kurdish dish. Put the butter in
the pan, let it be boiled, then pit the
dates and put them in. Then stir all
with a spoon until they are well mixed."
We followed his advice, and the dish
turned out to be very delicious. Up to
the present time the taste of that dish
is in my mouth.
(From Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
Oct. 16, 1914.)
 
THE INNOCENT BIRDS.
There was a man by the name of Haji
Mohammed Taki Shirazi, who had joined
our company. He was a great hunter. He
was such a fine marksman that while his
horse was galloping he could shoot birds
on the wing. Riding on his horse, with
his gun, he followed us. "Don't kill
these innocent birds!" 
said. But the man paid no attention.
Without exaggeration, he fired on that
day five or six hundred shots but with-
out killing one bird. On our return trip
We saw a crane. It was very large. This
bird rises very slowly from the ground,
but once in the air it flies very rapidly.

