210 STAR OF
Again he awoke half an hour before mid-
night and asked Kafour pleasantly: "On
what are you meditating now?" 
Master! I am meditating as to who is
going to carry on his back tomorrow
morning the saddle and the bridle."
(From Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
Oct. 23, 1913.

SELFISH PRAYER.
It is said that once a Mohammedan, a
Christian and a Jew were rowing in a
boat. Suddenly a tempest arose and the
boat was tossed on the crest of the waves
and their lives Were in danger. The Mo-
hammedan began to pray: God!
Drown this infidel of a Christian!" The
Christian supplicated the Almighty:
Father! Send to the bottom of the
deep this Moslem!" They"observed the
Jew was not offering any prayer, and
therefore asked him: "Why do you not
pray for relief?" He answered, am
praying. I am asking the Lord to an-
swer the prayers of both of you!"
(Told by Abdul-Baha. From Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohra-b, Oct. 20, 1914.)
ii
HOW FPARMER SAVED HIS
COTTON.
Once upon a time, there was a poor
fellah (farmer) who cultivated a patch
of ground with cotton. His neighboring
farmers were all rich landlords and
Pashas, and so they prevented in a high-
handed manner this poor farmer from
receiving his just share of water where-
With to irrigate his parched farm. He
appealed several times to their sense of
justice, but they laughed him out of their
presence. Finally, realizing that his
cotton would dry and his labors fail
of result, he went one midnight and
changed the current, of the stream
toward his own farm, and irrigated it
most thoroughly. When in the morning
the landlords saw what their neighbor
had done so daringly, they sent for him
THE WEST
and rebuked him severely. Not being
satisfied with this, they bastinadoed him
very hard. While he was undergoing
this cruel punishment, he cried out: 
ye men! I have already irrigated my
farm. This will do you no good. I have
saved the crop from destruction by the
drought! Why do you inflict upon me
such a useless torture? The earth is
watered!"
Lesson: In a similar manner we have
done our work; the censure and criticism
of all mankind will not undo it.
(-From Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
Oct. 29, 1913.)

THE THEOLOGIAN AT SEA.
Once there was a theologian who took
a sea trip. While he was walking on the
deck and watching the calm sea, the
captain passed by and inquired about
his health. Our friend was so full of his
theology that he asked the captain: "Do
you know theology?" He answered:
"Then," our student declared
with much pompous dignity, "half of
your life is lost." The captain did not
answer him, but continued his walk.
Another day the sea became very stormy
and the ship was in danger of being
wrecked. The captain called on the the-
ologian and found him prostrated with
sickness. "Do you know how to swim 'ii 
he asked. "Then, all your life
is lost!" the captain roared at him.
(Told by Abdul-Baha. From Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Sept.' 2, 1913.)
THE CAMEL AND THE CANNON.
Mohammed Ali Pasha had a big, fat
camel. When the Hajis started on their
long pilgrimage to Mecca through the
desert, he ordered a rapid-fire gun to be
mounted on the back of the camel and
fired each time that they halted. The ear
of the camel was so accustomed to the
thundering noise of the cannon that al-
though it was fired on its back, it never

