STAR OF THE WEST 193
A notable occasion for Acea, freed
after all these hundreds of years from
the cruel Turkish yoke.
I enquired whether Abdul-Baha had
been invited to the function. "Do you
mean Abbas Well, No, I don 't
think We've asked him. Perhaps he
should have an invitation."
(He who has worked night and day
for over fifty years to propagate the
ideals of World Peace and Brotherhood,
I expressed surprise--the shock had
driven indignation from me--amd cm
invitation was duly dispatched. Then
I returned to the Prison house and spent
the evening with the Master, supping
with him and answering his questions
about the new administration.
Then I slept in the room next Abdul-
Baha's (which was be-
fore him)--simple attics with stone floors
and practically no furniture. Abdul-
-e
aul mi;
FIRST PHOTOGRAPH OF ABDUL-BAHA TAKEN AFTER THE WAR
=1?This photograph of Abdul-Baha was taken in the Garden of Bahjee in the latter part of the
month of October, 1918, by Lieut. H. E. Eckersley. It is the first photograph of Abdul-Baha
after the war. The account of his meeting was written to Mr. Solzrabwhose devoted followers number mil-
lions, whose Cause is doing so much to
lessen religious discord in the East--l1e
had not even received an invitation to
take part in the Peace celebrations of
his native town, because, as it turned
out, his name did not appear on the
list of the local notables prepared by
the municipal authorities for the guid-
ance of the Governor. prophet in his
own country" with a vengeance!)
I have not received the account mentioned by Ahmad
Sohrab. It must have miscarried; otherwise most happy
to send it to STARr--Howard MacNutt.
Baha still gives away all money, and
lives the life of poverty himself.
Before breakfast the house was filled
with believers who had come to receive
the morning blessing.
I had brought Abdul-Baha letters
from all parts of the world, and he spent
the morning dictating replies for me to
take away. I gave him the Persian
camel-hair cloak, and it greatly pleased
him, for the winter is here, and he had
given away the only cloak he possessed.
I made him promise to keep this one

