STAR OF THE WEST
A PRAYER FOR THE CONFIRMATION OF THE
AMERICAN GOVERNMENT
REVEALED ABOUT THE YEAR 1900
God--O thou who art the confirmer of every just power and
equitable empire in eternal glory, everlasting power, continuance,
steadfastness, firmness and greatness I--strengthen, by the abundance
of thy mercy, every government which acts towards its sub-
jects and every dominion that protects the poor and weak by its flag.
I ask thee, by the abundance of thy holiness and that of thy
bounty, to assist this just government which hath stretched out the
ropes of its tent to far and wide countries; the justice of which hath
manifested its proofs throughout the well inhabited, cultivated and
flourishing regions belonging to such government.
God, strengthen its soldiers and flag, give authority and influ-
ence to its word and utterance, protect its territories and dominions,
guard its reputation, make its renown Widely spread, divulge its traces
and exalt its fiag by thy conquering power and wonderful might in
the kingdom of creation.
Thou are the confirmer of whomsoever thou willest.
Verily, thou are the powerful and the almighty!
After a discussion it was agreed to
change the Word "endorse" to "sug-
gest," to put in the date of the tablet,
and to add the words "in America," so
that the motion as finally made read as
follows: "Resolved that this Conven-
tion suggest to all the assemblies in
America the reading of the prayer re-
vealed by Abdul-Baha in 1900 for the
confirmation of the American govern-
ment, in our meetings."
The Chairman: "Are you ready for
the question?"
Motion carried.
Mr. Remey brought up the question of
the circulation of Mr. Harm0n's books
entitled D'io'l/ne I llumi/natvlon and the
Microcosm and the Macrocosm.
After a full discussion of this matter
it was moved by Mrs. Cooper duly sec-
onded that "We declare Mr. 
books contraband and instruct the
assemblies to keep them out of their
libraries. After the action taken by this
Convention in regard to violation it is
the logical step to suppress the literature
which has been the cause of that trouble.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Mr. Harmon has a perfect right to cir-
culate his own books publicly but the
assembly should have nothing to do
With it."
Motion carried.
The Chairman: "Is there any further
business?"
Mr. Ober: move we adjourn."
Motion was seconded.
The Chairman: "The motion is made
that we adjourn. Is there any objection'?
With your permission I will ask Brother
Kinney to play his beautiful hymn,
which we will all sing in closing, and
then just a Word of prayer at the end;
and this will be the last session of the
Convention, unless you otherwise de-
sire."
Thereupon, after song and prayer, the
Tenth Annual Mashrekol-azkar Con-
vention of the Bahai Temple Unity came
to a close at twelve minutes after seven
o'clo'ck P. M., on Tuesday, April 30th,
1918.
Secretary, BAHAI TEMPLE UNITY.
(Signed) Harlan Foster Ober.

