112 STAR OF
of which became the cause of joy to his
blessed heart.
June 13, 1914.
Abdul-Baha made the following state-
ments concerning man's duty: "Man
must be qualified with the attributes of
the Kingdom. Man must characterize
himself with the characteristics of the
Merciful. Man must be the source of the
perfections of God. Man must be good
personified. Man must be the cause of
comfort and ease to human society. Man
must be the fountain of the signs, (or
verses) of guidance. Man must en-
deavor and strive for the progress and
advancement of all of the people. Man
must be self-sacrificing in serving the
Cause of God and spreading the fra-
grances of God. Man must not think of
himself, he must think of others."
Again Abdul-Baha sat, for about two
hours, on the balcony of the hotel,
speaking to the visitors on various sub-
jects. The mayor, the judge and other
eminent officials of Tiberias were pres-
ent, and all were exhilarated by his ut-
terances. Then, as the lake reflected the
wonder of the rising moo11 and the stars
the beauty of the creator--Abdul-Baha
spoke to the friends: "His Holiness
Christ, used to Walk most of the nights
when in the region of this lake. He Was
all alone, thinking of the illumination of
the World of humanity. He did not rest
for one moment. He was not at liberty
for eVen one day. He spent his days as
a wanderer, and was shelterless in these
deserts and mountains. The place where
he called the disciples to enter the
Kingdom of God is in this region. They
were engaged in fishing. His Holiness
Christ, used to walk alone on the shore.
VVhen he saw the signs of acceptance in
theirfaces, he said, 'Come, so that I
may make you the fishers of men,' and
they at once left everything and fol-
lowed that Light personified!
THE WEST
"God be exalted! Always, in the be-
ginning of the Cause, common souls, who
in the estimation of the people, were of
no importance Whatever, have advanced
to the divine Manifestation. For exam-
ple, these fishermen believed in His Holi-
ness Christ. In the Koran it is revealed
that the ignorant of the people would
say to His Holiness the Messenger (Mo-
hammed), 'None have followed thee ex-
cept the most degraded of the people;
the learned sages, the nobles and the
high class count thee as a fool.' How-
ever, it cannot be said of this Cause, for
everyone testifies -that all of the learned
philosophers and nobles of every nation
were humble in the presence of the
Blessed Beauty, and great numbers of
these became believers."
June 14, 1914.
The following tablet was revealed by
Abdul-Baha for one of the friends who
had lost his daughter: "Beloved, the
horrible and awful news of the departure
of the daughter of that beloved became
the cause of intense grief, because, un-
doubtedly, separation has a bitter taste;
yet the people of the eifulgences are
happy by the favors of the Beloved of
the Horizons, because the Lord of the
Covenant has ordained eternal union,
and everlasting unity for His friends.
Therefore, this temporary separation, al-
though it causes sorrow, yet, the infinite
nearness and the heavenly union is the
comfort for the hearts of the afflicted; al-
though at present we are separated, con-
fused, in anguish and helpless, yet, in
the end, we will be His companions, His
associates, joining in His melodious song
and under His kind shelter. Therefore,
thou shouldst not be grieved and sad-
dened; comfort thyself with the infinite
favor and the glad tidings of the heav-
enly life."
Abdul-'Baha listened, for about two
hours, to the reading of letters received
(Continued on page 115)

