STAR OF THE WEST 203
trace which emanated from his holy be-
ing in the world of knowledge was the
treatise he wrote in his early youth at
Bagdad. This was a commentary upon
the holy tradition: was an invisible
Treasury; as I loved to be known, there-
fore I created men to know Me." He
wrote this commentary in answer to the
request of one of the Pashas. The
author (Abul F'azl) was present at a
meeting when some one asked Haji Seyd-
awad Taba-Tabay of Kerbela con-
cerning the life of The
great Seyd answered: "That holy being
must be a shining light whose great son
hath written such a treatise during his
childhood."
(Words of Mirza Abul Fazl. From
The Bahat Proofs.)

In Bagdad I was a child nine years
old. There and then he, 
announced to me the Word, and I be-
lieved him. As soon as he proclaimed
to me the Word I threw myself at his
holy feet and implored and supplicated
him to accept this one drop of blood
as a sacrifice in his pathway.
(Words of Abdul-Baha. From Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, an. 13, 1914.)
Stories told by Abdul-Baha
THE BOX OF JEWELS.
Once upon a time, there was a king
who went out to hunt with all the mem-
bers of his cabinet, the diplomats, the
officials of the court and a large number
of important persona-ges, especially in-
vited for this occasion. As the king in-
tended to stay in the country all sum-
mer he ordered the master of ceremonies
to take the imperial tent which was a
wonderful Work of art, for the king on
important occasions had ordered the in-
side walls and the ceiling of this royal
tent to be decorated with hundreds of
precious jewels, the price of which could
not be measured by dollars and cents.
This year also he asked the minister
of finance to take with him the large
box of jewels. Finally after many days
of preparation the imperial caravan,
which was more than a mile long, start-
ed out. The king headed the procession.
After him came the cabinet ministers,
the diplomatic corps, the courtiers and
the guests. They had to travel six days
before they could reach the hunting
ground. On the fourth day of traveling
it so happened that the horse carrying
the box of jewels was toward the end
of the caravan. After three hours' march
the king looked around and to his ap-
parent surprise, found no one with
him but Ayas and he observed the cara-
van more than half a mile away from
him surrounded with dust and in great
confusion. "What is this?" asked
the king. "Half an hour ago," Ayas
humbly answered, "the box with the
jewels fell from the back of the horse
and all of the precious stones were seat-
tered on the ground. Then I saw that
a wild scramble followed, everyone for-
got his duty and each one tried to col-
lect those jewels." The king did not
move nor show that an extraordinary
event had happened. "Ayas the king
said after a few moments of reflection,
"Why did you not join them and get a
portion of the spoil? Are they not pre-
cious jewels?" "Yes, my lord! Those
jewels are good for them, I preferred
to be with thee. Thou art the greatest
jewel of my life."
(From Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
July 8, 1913.)
THE SHEPHERD OF 
LLAH.
Abdul-Baha took little Mona in his
arms and kissed her on both cheeks, and
started to talk with her. "Are you

