STAR OF THE WEST 213
by the gentle authoritative tone of
Jesus. "Come! Come! Tell me the
secret of your heart!" "But I feel
ashamed to confess it to you." "Did I
not tell you that you are my son'? And
Why should there be anything but per-
fect trust between the son and the fa-
ther?" "But I feel it is not proper to
speak about these things. Beside, I can-
not find words to adequately my
inmost feelings and then I am afraid I
shall be misunderstood." "No! No!
You are my real son! I will surely un-
derstand you. Be not afraid. Be
frank!" After a moment of silence he
said: "In the neighborhood of this vil-
lage there is the summer palace of the
king; Once I saw his daughter walking
in the meadows. I loved her at first
sight. She is the daughter of a mighty
king, and I am a poor, miserable thorn-
picker. I cannot say more!" And he
began to weep. His Holiness consoled
him and said: "Rest assured, God will-
ing, your hope Will be realized."
In brief, after awhile Jesus so ar-
ranged everything that the king consent-
ed to give his daughter to the poor
thorn-picker. For days the royal prepa-
rations went on, and the date for the
marriage was fixed. All the time the
boy was very happy: he thought he was
in a fairy dreamland; he could not be-
lieve that this was all real. When he
entered the marriage room, and saw all
around the exquisite decorations and
furnishings, and then looked into the
face of the beautiful bride--suddenly a
thought sprang up in his mind: "This
man (Jesus) has been the instrument
of giving to me this undreamed of fe-
licity, this wonderful bride for Whom I
was pining in my solitude in the wilder-
ness; he has made it possible for me to
enjoy all this luxury and comfort. If
he were so powerful to prepare all these
things for me, a poor peasant boy, why
should he not have done the same for
himself If he could spread such a ba11-
quet of rejoicing for me, he could do it
for himself a hundred times better. Not-
withstanding this ideal power, he is still
walking in the wilderness, eating the
grass, sleeping on the ground, sitting in
the darkness and living altogether a life
of poverty." sooner had this thought
come to his mind than he turned his face
to his bride, and said: "Stay where
you are; I have important business to
attend _to. I shall return as soon as I
have finished my work." This said, he
ran out of the room and hastened toward
the Wilderness.
After much search, he found Jesus
sitting on a rock. Impetuously he pros-
trated on the ground, and kissed his feet
and hands. my Lord! Thou wert
not just towards me. Thou hast not
treated me fairly." "I-Iow is that?
Why so'? Have I not realized for thee
the highest desire of your heart?"
"Yes, yes! 'But you have desired for me
that which you would not desire for
yourself. Surely, surely, you must pos-
sess something by far greater and more
important than that Which you bestowed
upon me. If these things were accept-
able and Worthy of possession, you would
have chosen them for yourself. There-
fore, it is self-evident that you have
something more valuable and precious
than all these things. Oh! I feel so sad
and ashamed, because you have granted
me those things which are not worthy of
your own consideration 
His Holiness smiled and said: "Verily,
verily, I say unto thee, thou art
telling the truth. But hast thou the
capability and worthiness to possess that
pearl of Great Price?" my Lord
and my hope! I will strive and pray to
become worthy!" "Art thou able to
leave all these things behind?" "Yes. 
"Then verily I declare unto thee, I pos-
sess the mysteries of the Kingdom, which
are the Knowledge of God, the Love of
God and the Guidance of God. These
are greater than all possessions.
Now if thou art willing to possess the

