STAR OF THE WEST 173
Tablets revealed by Abdul-Baha in the winter of 1916-17
(Continued from page 171)
dent that that blessed Personage was
conducive to the illumination of the
peninsula of Arabia, and the cause of
the guidance and progress of those tribes
who ascended to the supreme apex of
eternal felicity. Consequently, do thou
not wonder at the ridicule of the ignor-
ant ones and the blame of the witless.
Those who are ignorant have always
cast reproach upon those who are wise.
Convey longing greeting to all the be-
lievers of God.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
(Signed in Persian and in English)
TABLET TO MRS. PAGE
(A letter dated Haifa, Syria, Jan. 26,
1917, enclosing the following Tablet, was
received recently from Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab, through Joseph H. Hannen.)
Mrs. Arthur Page.
thou respected maid-servant of God!
Thou hast written that since two years
the fragrance of the rose-garden of
is being diffused in De-
troit, Michigan, and two ministers have
invited Bahai speakers to their churches,
so that they may speak about divine
principles and cause the irradiation of
the light of guidance. Praise be to God,
the Bahais are characterized with such
qualities and attributes that they are the
object of the praise and commendation
of all nations; they are the means of
the proclamation of the oneness of the
world of humanity and the promotion of
the ideals of universal peace.
Today, the most great foundation of
real civilization is this, and this is con-
ducive to the tranquillity of the world of
creation.
In this glorious century, this basis is
most firm and strong. But there must
needs be the power of the Kingdom in
order to establish these principles. Be-
cause the believers of God are confirmed
with the heavenly power, I hope they
may enkindle the candles of the oneness
of the world of humanity in all the socie-
ties of mankind, the anthem of universal
peace may reach the East and the West,
religion may become the means of good-
fellowship amongst the people, justice
and equity may unfurl their flags on
the apex of the world, religion and
science may correspond with each other
and be conducive to the promotion of
peace and salvation, ignorant prejudices
may be dispelled and the lights of
Reality be diffused.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABBAS.
TABLET TO ALBERTA HALL
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
December 19, 1916, and mailed, but re-
turned from Constantinople. Remailed
upon the opening of the doors of the
Holy Land and received recently in
America.)
To Miss Alberta Hall.
thou maid-servant of God!
Although in body thou art weak and
ill and, like unto Job, the object of
many trials, yet (Praise be to God!)
thou art strong in spirit and in the ut-
most health and joyousness. The pe-
culiarities of this physical world are~ ill-
ness and diseases, and the essences of the
universe of God are health and vigor.
The body is like unto the lamp and the
spirit like unto the light. Praise be to
God, that the light is in the utmost bril-
liancy no matter if the lamp is somewhat
affected. May the illumination of the
light remain eternal and undying.
Thank thou God that the light of thy
spirit is burning with the oil of the love
of God and its flame is becoming brighter
day by day.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.

