230 STAR OF THE WEST
from all ties and attractions, hoping for Thy Universal Favor and Mercy,
desiring to enter Thy radiant Presence, supplicating Thy all-encircling Bounty,
and begging for the descent of Thy glorious Bestowals!
Lord! Exalt her station, submerge her in the ocean of Thy Compassion
and establish her in the midst of the Paradise of Immortality,--in the Universe
of Lights, tl1e Center of the Beatific Mysteries.
Lord! She believed in Thee, chanted Thy verses, turned her face
toward Thee with all her heart; her spirit was rejoiced through Thy glad-tidings
and her soul was purified through the fire of Thy Love. Then amidst the con-
course of humanity, she arose in the promotion of Thy "Word, suffered every
thirsty one to drink from the goblet of Thy Guidance and healed every sick
one with the antidote of Thy Knowledge. In Thy Path she travelled to distant
countries and remote regions and gave the good-news of Thy Kingdom through-
out vast and spacious through the difficulties that she endured
in Thy Path, her very flesh and bones Were melted, diseases and sicknesses
attacked her, her frail body failed her, her nerves and muscles weakened their
functions and her heart became the target of conflicting ailments. Then while
hoping for the immortal life, the eternal existence, she abandoned this mortal,
ephemeral world.
Lord! Grant her a palace in the neighborhood of Thy Most Great Mercy;
cause her to dwell in the gardens of Thy paradise, the Most High; illumine her
countenance with the effulgence of Thy Good-pleasure, in the Kingdom of Thy
Glory; usher her into the heaven of Thy Meeting and suffer her to live ever-
lastingly in the assemblage of transfiguration, whose refulgent lights are shin-
ing upon the world of hearts and the realm of consciousness.
Verily, Thou are the Forgiving, verily Thou art the Pardoner and verily
Thou art the Merciful of the Most Merciful!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
CORRECTION
Shanghai, China, January 7, 1919.
To the STAR or THE 
Please allow me to draw your attention to the following matter. I was reading
the Talk of Abdul-Baha. of 26th of June, 1914, in N0. 11, page 123. I refer to these
phrases: "But when some Ulama enter a school their aim is leadership, to obtain fame,
to gather luxuries and possession. They are like the disease 'caboos' (influenza) 
As far as I know the word "caboos" means, nightmare, not influenza. So if you find
it necessary, please correct it.
With Bahai love and greeting, I am faithfully yours,
Mirza ossein Touty.
A BAHAI LIBRARY.
He who today is searching for the Abha Truth hardly realizes what a remarkable
collection of Abdul-Baha's addresses, American and European, of his talks in Palestine,
of stirring incidents in the history of the Cause, of compilations, there exists in print,
until he has before him the bound volumes of the STAR or THE Wnsr.
Volume I is a. little jewel with its records of the early days of the Cause in the West
and the journeys of teachers around the world.
Volume II presents glowing accounts of Abdul-'Baha's first journey to Europe, the
places where he spoke, the people he met, the dynamic words he uttered.
Volume is a volume of American addresses, so comprehensive, so glorious with
Abha light, that it reveals the full-orbed splendor of the Master's message to western
civilization.

