STAR OF THE WEST 7
Let us consider the propnecies an-
nouncing the coming of God or the
Manifestation: The coming of the King-
dom of God is foretold in all the holy
books, and these sayings are not con-
fined to a small number, but the books
are full of them--especial1y Daniel and
Isaiah. It is plainly stated in the Bible
that, have yet many things to say
unto you, but ye cannot bear them now.
Howbeit when he, the spirit of truth is
come, he will guide you into all truth."
This refers to the Manifestation. Chris-
tians ha.ve always believed that this re-
fers to the Holy Spirit. How can this be?
The Holy Spirit (Christ) was already in
the World. He came in Jesus when he was
born. . . . . The Koran says, "There is
a day in which the Lord shall come."
and again, "Know ye that ye shall meet
him." . . . . The prophecies in the
books of Zoroaster plainly foretold the
coming of the Bab and the Manifesta-
tion.
There are no prophecies to foretell
the coming of Moses, but for the coming
of Jesus we find them, and in the Bible
the coming of Mohammed was men-
tioned in the Gospels as the Advocate;
but regarding the coming of the Bab
and the Manifestation, all the religious
Books foretell of them--the Bible, the
Gospels, the Koran, the holy traditions
of Ali, and the Zoroastrian writings;
all are quite plain on this point. No one
can contradict them.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From notes
of Mrs. Herron, 1900.)
The world of humanity has ever been
in a- state of anticipation of the coming
of the divine Manifestations. Each re-
ligion expected the coming of a prom-
ised one. They longingly prayed for
the dawn of the Sun of Reality. A
thousand times alas, when he appeared
they remained heedless and did not turn
their faces toward him! Pitiful indeed
is this condition. They were praying
for the glorious dawn of the Sun of
Reality, but when it appeared from the
eastern horizon they exclaimed: "Where
is the sun? We do not see it." For in-
stance, the Israelitish nation expected
the -coming of a Messiah. . . . . They
were hoping for the arrival of their
promised one, but when his holiness,
Christ, appeared they turned away from
him. . . . .
This century is the century of the
Sun of Reality. This century is the
century of the establishment of the King-
dom of God upon the earth.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Extracts
from address to Theo-sophis-ts, Febru-
ary 13, 1913.)
But now after the lapse of many cen-
turies, his highness, the Almighty, has
again looked upon them with the glance
of mercifulness, and the cup-bearer of
celestial bestowals became manifest in
the land of Persia. The Sun of Reality
shone forth, casting the effulgences of
his graces upon that country. He pro-
claimed the heavenly teachings and in-
stituted the religion of the clement
Lord. . . . .
But alas, alas! still the majority of
the inhabitants of Persia are in sound
sleep and have not heard, neither are
they informed of the most eminent be-
stowal. The owner of the house has
come to the door, but the dwellers in the
ho-use have shut the door and do not de-
sire to let him in. They have treated the
friend as though he were the stranger,
and the known as though he were un-
known. They seem to say: "We are sat-
isfied with this degradation. We are
comfortable amidst all these distrac-
tions, dissipations, groveling in dirt and
uncleanness. We do not want the owner
of the house. We are not seeking his
faith. We loathe him and are hold-
ing aloof from his: favor and grace. This
is not the kind Father but a foreigner.
Even though he may be the beloved one
of all the nations of the world, his re-
nown world-conquering, the fame of his
grandeur reaching the ears of the rich
and poor alike, others from different
(Continued on page 10)

