STAR OF THE WEST 175
Chicago Assembly celebrates the Day of Abdul-Baha
BY JEAN 
ON the evening of November 26th, the
Bahai Assembly of Chicago cele-
brated Abdul-Ba'ha's Day, the Da.y of
the Covenant, with a feast given in Grill
Hall of the Stevens Building, on "Wabash
Avenue.
One hundred of the friends of Abdul-
Baha participated in this Feast of the
Appointment of the C0venant--friends
of various nations and races.
It was a rememberable occasion--one
to leave its ineffaceable impress. The
armistice had been declared. It seemed
as if the universal peace, so long and so
faithfully anticipated by Bahais, were
really established. The prophecies of
and Abdul-Baha were be-
ing swiftly and unerringly fulfilled. The
world was a new world, a transformed
world, and Bahais rejoiced.
A spirit of sweet communion, a spirit-
ual fragrance, pervaded and dominated
the feast. Its theme was the Covenant.
Prayer--the compelling words of the
Center of the Covenant--opened the
meeting:
"Bring them together again, Lord,
by the power of Thy Covenant and
gather their dispersion by the might of
Thy promise and unite their hearts by
the dominion of Thy love and make them
love each other, so that they may sacri-
fice their spirits, expend their money,
and scatter themselves for the love of
one another.
Lord, cause to descend upon them
quietness and tranquillity. Shower upon
them the clouds of Thy mercy in great
abundance and make them to charac-
terize themselves with the characteristics
of the spiritual.
Lord, make us firm in Thy noble
command and bestow upon us Thy gifts,
through Thy bounty, grace and munifi-
cence.
"Verily, Thou art the Generous, the
Merciful and the Benevolent."
There followed the wonderful, unfor-
gettable, altogether impressive Words of
the Manifestation, read from the Kimb-
el-Aladas, proclaiming the station of Ab-
dul-Baha:
"When the ocean of My Presence and
the Book of Origin is achieved to the
end, turn your faces toward Him-Whom-
God-hath-purposed,' who hath branched
from this Pre-Existent Root.
"VVhen the Nightingale soareth from
the grove of praise and repaireth to the
furthermost concealed destination, refer
ye that which you understand not from
the Book, to the Branch extended from
this firm Root."
There were other significant, pro-
phetic, commemorative readings, in
which the Revelation is so 
words familiar and thrilling to the heart
of the whole Bahai world, once 
never again to be forgotten.
Mr. Vail spoke upon the meaning of
the Covenant, prefacing his address with
a Tablet, revealed by to
Abdul-Baha:
thou my Greatest Branch, thy let-
ter was surely presented before this op-
pressed one and We heard that which
thou hast communed with God, the Lord
of the Worlds.
"Verily, "We have ordained thee the
guardian of all the creatures and a pro-
tection to all those in the heavens and
earths and a fortress to those who be-
lieve in God, the One, the Omniscient.
beg of God to protect them by
thee; to enrich them by thee; to nour-
ish them by thee and reveal to them
that which is the dawning point of
riches to the people of creation and the
ocean of generosity to those in the World
and the rising point of favor to all na-
tions. Verily, He is the Powerful, the
All-Knowing and the Wise!
beg of Him to Water the earth and
all that is in it by thee, that there may

