186 STAR OF
at the Savoy. . . . . I gave a small
dinner to my staff . . .. . . and having
toasted those present, I spoke for awhile.
The following is a partial summary:
"Many of you do not at present real-
ize that we stand at perhaps the most
remarkable point in the history of the
world. One era has closed before our
eyes; it is closed in the midst of carnage
and tumult. We are now actually wit-
nessing the birth of a New Day, a Day
during which the human race will be
enlightened, transformed, regenerated.
Do not let this hour pass enjoy
the outward triumph of the Armistice,
but let your thoughts run deep as well.
Reaction from this moment of exulta-
tion is inevitable. We have all lived the
pa.st few years under conditions of an
ever growing strain. The strain has
lifted. If an elastic band is held taut
for some time, when released it will be
found that its elasticity has vanished,
it will hang limp and almost lifeless.
"Many years will pass before the ra-
cial mind will regain its inherent elas-
ticity; meanwhile, many tests will come
over, but we
must look forward to many months filled
with eruptions
both within the racial mind and in the
earth's crust.
"Those of us who have looked death
in the face during the past few years,
and who realize something of the tragedy
that war brings in its wake, have deter-
mined to carry out two resolutions: We
will bring home to our children and to
those around us some idea of what war
really means. . . . . We will create in
the minds of the next generation such a
detestation of human warfare, its horror,
its uselessness, that the tradition of
peace universal shall grow up firmly im-
planted in the human consciousness of
the future, and war will become incon-
ceivable. Secondly, we have determined
that the world of our generation shall
be lifted out of gloom and sorrow to-
wards peace and steadfast happiness.
THE WEST
"Each one of us can do more than he
realizes to bring joy into the lives of
those around him, and joy spreads.
This means that we must go deep down
into our beings to find that joy which
is the spiritual heritage of the whole
race, which only waits to be tapped in
order to release the waters of true hap-
piness. Vast problems await solution,
the world is upside down; revolutions,
bloody and bloodless, lie immediately
ahead. It is only for a time that this
revolution is taking the place of evolu-
tion, for nothing can now stem the great
waves of spiritual energy waiting to
flood through the world After destruction, reconstruction! We
can each in our humble sphere help for-
ward the building of a new and better
world upon the basis of sure foundations.
Let us be very sure of our own founda-
tions before we begin to build, either
within 01' without, and all will be well."
I came up to Jerusalem on November
13, 1918.
The drive from Ludd (Lydda, birth-
place of St. George) to Jerusalem is so
splendid that I never grow tired of it,
although I now know every inch of the
road. . . . .
Sunday, November 17, 1918.
Today I attended the Peace Celebra-
tion Service at St. George 's Cathedral,
Jerusalem.
The church was packed--half the con-
gregation were ofiicers and men. Col.
Storrs read the lessons.
All the Religions whose headquarters
are in Jerusalem were represented, and
a Scotch army chaplain preached in
English and Arabic. The Grand Rabbi
arrived in rich furs and chain of office.
The Grand Mufti (Moslem), with flow-
ing beard and snow white head dress
(a broad minded, fine old fellow); the
Greek Patriarch in black vestments and
jewelled cross upon his breast; the Ar-
menian Patriarch, also in black with a

