STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith a_nd al_l men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened,
that diversity of religion shall cease and difierences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifesy
these I'111l'l0l1S wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IX Azamat 1, 74 (May 17, 1918) No. 4
The Tenth Annual Convention of Bahai Temple Unity
BY HARLAN F. OBER
HE Tenth Annual Convention of
I the Bahai Temple Unity has
passed into history. It will be re-
membered by those who were accorded
the blessed privilege of attending it, as a
most fragrant, a most united, and spirit-
ually illumined Convention.
Many, many times in the past, Abdul-
Baha has informed the friends that the
growth of the Cause would bring tests
and trials, but that these were like the
storms of the winter and spring, the
means of the descent of the divine boun-
ties, and the greatest preparation for the
summer and harvest time.
The tests of the past year have united
the firm friends in a closer bond of fel-
lowship and understanding, and in the
Convention the traces of this greater
union became manifest.
From the b-eginning, the work of the
annual meeting and Convention of the
Bahai Temple Unity has grown and
broadened. It has become not only the
great central meeting of consultation to
give power and result to the plans for
building the Mashrekol-azkar,* but it has
become the time for the coming together
of the friends to consult on every mat-
ter that aifects the welfare and the
growth of the Cause.
To this annual meeting come the
friends from the north, the south, the
east and the west, and in its delibera-
""Please note the revised spelling of
this phrase. The change has been made
to assist the 
tions all experiences are amalgamated.
Our perspectives are broadened, and our
hearts are rejoiced at the news of the
progress of the Cause.
Is there any greater happiness than,
to meet face to face those souls who have
been out spreading the divine seeds in
the soil of human hearts, and have gath-
ered into their own souls the heavenly
bounties that come from such service, or
again those who have been in the
front ranks of the army of faithfulness.
whose souls have mellowed and ripened
through the tests and trials of God,
through which the heavenly luminary
has been shining brilliantly upon recep-
tive, humble, fearless hearts?
Abdul-Baha has said that such souls
are the fragrant blossoms and heavenly
fruits of the gardens of the Kingdom.
No written statement or report can
convey adequately the divine signifi-
cances- and the real meanings of such a
gathering, for only the inner spiritual
ear can hear these divine melodies. The
Divine Bird was singing songs upon the
highest branch, and one after another of
the friends caught the heavenly strain
and rejoiced our hearts with eloquent
utterances of the spirit. Even through
the more or less matter-of-fact tran-
script of the notes taken down, there
will appear to the possessor of insight,
the traces of these songs, for behind the
words it is apparent that the standard
of the Covenant is being raised in the
hearts, a new standard of perfection be-
ing realized, a new flight being taken,
a new obedience enthralling the souls,

