126 STAR OF
the greatest proof of his favor. He used
to say, 'Teachers are the Israfils (Angels
of Life) of God, they breathe the Spirit
of Life to the people. One day, 
showed such extreme kindness to
'the teachers that, although I was in the
prison, I decided that I, too, might, per-
haps, become confirmed in teaching. Thus
I entertained the thought of going to
Kashghar, because, until then, no teacher
had been sent there. I wanted to go
singly and alone, without any burden.
The only thing that I prepared was a
small grip containing some of the blessed
tablets, papers and pen. "When I took
my passport, the late mofty (lawyer who
has religious jurisdiction) became my
guarantor. I was about to begin my
journey when the matassaref (mayor)
Ibraheem Pasha announced that he
would not be impolite or prevent my de-
parture, but according to his responsi-
bility and the discharging of his duty, he
would be obliged to send a telegram to
Constantinople as soon as I was aboard
the boat. The meaning was, that we
shall prevent you, but the message was
nicely phrased. Therefore, I did not go.
"The purpose is this, that when I per-
mit the pilgrims to return, they may go
and teach. It is evident that to remain
here one minute is equal to a thousand
years elsewhere, but teaching is greater.
Vfhosoever is confirmed in teaching the
Cause of God is the servant of the Holy
Threshold and he is here also. There is
no importance attached to the duration
of time here. How many souls had the
privilege of paying only three visits dur-
ing the blessed days of yet
it seems that they are always present at
the Most Holy Threshold. They re-
ceived infinite bounty with the honor of
one or two visits, and how many souls
came and remained for a long time, yet
returned as they came, the signs of their
honor of visit to the Most Holy Thresh-
old could not, in any way, be found in
their faces. Some visit but once and
become new souls.
"During the last days in Adrianopole,
THE WEST
Agha Djamalf and Agha Mirza Abdul-
Rahim Boroodjerdy, twice came to the
Most Holy Threshold. After their first
visit said: 'When Agha
Mirza Abdul-Rahim entered he was a
person, when he left he was trans-
formed.'
"To visit the blessed tomb of 
which is the sacred place of the
Supreme Concourse, and the Sublime
Threshold, the tomb of the Bab, is the
greatest hope of the near ones, but in
this day teaching and service in the
Cause of God are greater and more im-
portant than all. Otherwise, it is my
wish to have the friends always with me.
"Let all of your thoughts be thus:
To render a s*e-roice to the Glorious Ablm
Threshold, and be utterly selfless. This
is the great bestowall By God 
is no God but men rule
the earth for a thousand years, with ut-
most power, it would not be equal to
one moment of servitude at the Holy
Threshold, because that sovereignty of a
thousand years will perish and be ef-
faced, while servitude in this Cause,
though of only one mome11t's d111'%1'fii0I1,
is eternal!"
June 28, 1914.
Mirza Ali Akbar Nakh-Djavany gave
a banquet feast for all of the believers
in the blessed home of Abdul-Baha. To
the western friends he is known as Mirza
Ali Akbar. After having the honor of
*'The translator' personally knows
Agha Djamal. He was one of the fa-
mous teachers in Persia, but later he
followed the nakazeen. In a short time,
his only son was accidentally killed by
a horse. He lost all of his possessions.
Although the believers left him to him-
self, yet he could not remain in any of
the towns. Finally he became a- wan-
derer and died of shame, regret, remorse
and fear, Such is the end of those who
violate the Covenant of Zia-
M. Bagdadi.

