STAR OF THE WEST 131
hara of Khorassan! Become diffused
before the friends of God and His faith-
ful ones. Perfume tl1e nostrils of His
chosen ones--those whose faces shone
forth, Whose stars became brilliant,
whose feet stood firm, Whose banners un-
furled, whose hearts grew strong, whose
roots and branches flourished, whose
breasts dilated in the day of meeting,
and who became loyal to the Covenant
of God in the world of eternity. Then
convey thou to the dwellers of those re-
gions and hills, the greetings of thy
Lord, the Supreme, and announce to
them the glad tidings of the days of God.
"By my Lord! This is a bounty that
was desired in the past centuries by the
dawning points of lights and stars, and
the recipients of the inspiration of thy
Lord, the Dear, the Selfsubsisting. Their
eyes were flooded, their tears flowed,
their lamentations arose in yearning and
longing for it. May you enjoy this table
that ha.s descended from the heaven
of the favor of your Lord, the Merciful,
the Compassionate!
breezes of longing and fragrances
from the flowers of faithfulness! Stand
in the courtyard of the friends, the rose-
garden of whose hearts thrived by the
flooding clouds of the love of God, and
their faces shone with the light of the
knowledge of God. Convey to them my
longing, yearning and attachment; de-
clare and announce to them my devo-
tion, affection and fondness in their
mention. Say to them 
"Upon ye be (The
Glory of God) and His peace, His greet-
ing and His praise! In your faces are
His light and His effulgence. In your
hearts are His Spirit and His faithful-
ness. In your bosoms are His love and
His cure. ye friends of the Merciful!
Loosen your tongues in His thanks and
praise, for He has confirmed you by the
Cause, in the mention of which the Su-
preme Concourse warbled and the her-
ald of glad tidings proclaimed in the
books and tablets.
"Blessed are ye for this great bounty.
Glad tidings be unto ye for this won-
drous gift which is the full bestowal of
God and the manifest light of God. May
God make ye torches of His mention,
centers of His secrets, dawning-points of
His lights and rising points of His signs.
Blind are the eyes that do not see the
lights or His baha (splendor) and are
not consoled by witnessing His marvel-
ous signs, in the day of His Manifesta-
tion and His brilliant light. Deaf are
the ears that do not hear His call and are
not cheered by His Wondrous utterances.
Dumb are the tongues that are not
loosened in His mention and His praise.
Lost are the hearts that are portionless
of His love and devotion. Cast away are
the souls that do not walk in His good
pleasure and quench their thirst at the
fountain of His knowledge.
thou dove of faithfulness! Speak
to the weak if thou flndest that difficul-
ties are intensifying, hardships extend-
ing, the earth quaking, the mountains
shaking, the hurricanes of afflictions en-
circling, the sea of calamities surging, the
winds of suffering blowing and the flood
of tests surrounding the contingent be-
ings. Have beautiful patience in the path
of thy Glorious Lord. Beware! serv-
ants of the Merciful, lest ye arouse the
tumult when the blaze of the fire of
trials become intense, and its crackling
arises. Beware of crying and wailing
in the path of your Glorious Lord.
VVhen the ocean of ordeals becomes
stormy and its affairs become serious by
the oppression of the rebellious people
(this refers to the enemies, the naka-
zeen), do not consider them in a place
free from torment, and do not fear their
strength and their numbers. Verily,
their likes passed before them. Read to
them from the book (Koran), Certain
Army of the People is Fleeing.' Ver-
ily, those in past centuries were much
stronger than these, their possessions
were greater and their armies mightier.
"Even though, lambs of God, ye
(Continued on page 133)

