STAR OF THE WEST 197
Letter from J. E. Esslernont
West Southbourne, Bournemouth,
England, January 9, 1919.
To the STAR on THE WEST:
I was delighted to receive a copy of
the translation of a Tablet which Abdul-
Baha has written for me. The transla-
tion is by Shogi, a grandson of the Mas-
ter, and was received on January 3d.
The original of the Tablet has not yet
arrived. I enclose a copy, which you are
at liberty to reproduce in the STAR or
THE Wnsr, or make any other use if you
like. [See page 196.]
Major Tudor-Pole has written a very
interesting account of his visit to Acca
and Haifa in November last. He reports
the Master as exceedingly Well and much
more vigorous than on the occasion of
his last visit to England. He says: "His
voice is as strong as ever, his eyes clear,
his step virile; his hair and beard are
(if possible) more silver white than be-
fore. He is delighted to Welcome the
change of regime. . . [See page 187.]
We are delighted to Welcome your
President (\Voodrow \/Vilson) to Europe
and hope that great good will result
from his visit. There will be much un-
rest and fermentation in Europe for
years yet, I expect, but unrest is better
than the placid acquiescence with vile
c0nditions--with slums, drunkenness,
prostitution, sweated labor and 
gate extravagance; and it seems to me
that on the whole, things are moving
towards a better state of affairs~--
towards the Most Great Peace. There
must be destruction before reconstruc-
tion, and the old structure of society in
Europe had to be thrown on the scrap-
heap. The transition will be trying, but
now is the time for people with advanced
ideas and with the love of humanity in
their hearts, to be up and doing. The
world is now in a plastic state, and new
and better ideals must be deeply im-
printed before it becomes rigid again.
The Bahai Movement, the Esperanto
Movement, a11d the spirit of peace and
brotherhood have glorious opportunities
now. As our Scots poet says:
"Then let us pray that come it may,
As come it will, for a'that,
That sense and worth o'er a' the earth
Shall bear the gree an' a' that.
For a' that and a' that
It's comin' yet for a' that
That man to man, the world o'er,
Shall brithers be, for a' that."
VVith best wishes,
Yours sincerely,
J. E. Esslemont.
Tablets revealed by Abdul-Baha in the winter of 1916-17,
but just received in America
TABLET TO MRS. ADDISON
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
December 18, 1916. Mailed at that time
but returned. Remailed November 11,
1918.)
To the maid-servant of God, Mrs. Juliet
P. her be greeting
and praise!
thou who art enkindled with the fire
of the love of God!
Thy letter was received on November
24, 1916. Thou hast Written concerning
the trip of the daughter of the Kingdom,
Mrs. Ford. That heavenly speaker de-
livered the divine glad tidings through
which-ever city she passed and occupied
herself in the promotion of spiritual
teachings. She suffered the ears to
hearken to this heavenly melody. In-
finite results and heavenly illumina-
tion will appear out of this endeavor
and service. It is hoped that other souls
will walk in her footsteps, so that they

