STAB OF THE WEST 117
ever was said to them, but these Jews
never listened. One day I related the
talk that I delivered in the synagogue of
the Jews in America to a Rabbi in Tibe-
rias. VVhen I looked into his face, I saw
110 sign of intelligence. What a differ-
ence among the souls who comprehend
and those who are utterly deprived of
the bestowals of God!"
His honor Dr. Ardasheer, one of the
Zoroastrian Bahais of India, Went to
visit Abdul-Baha before leaving the
Orient for America. Abdul-Baha said,
"Perchance, God willing, a new spirit-
uality, a beautiful fragrance, zeal and
stirring enthusiasm may become mani-
fest in India. India is exceedingly
ready, but the appearance of these is
dependent upon the attraction and the
enkindlement of the friends. In this
day, the confirmation of God will reach
everyone who arises to teach. Many in-
stances of this are happening continu-
ously. Indeed, the confirmat-ion sur-
rounding him will amaze man himself.
"The light of the love of God must
be ignited in the hearts of the children,
during their childhood. \/Vhen a child
is reared in the shadow of divine educa-
tion, truth is mentioned to him day by
day. The Blessed Beauty, the teachings,
the history of this Cause and of the di-
vine prophets are taught him and then
faith finds its place in his heart. There-
fore, from this moment you must bring
your brother under the system of the di-
vine education. Speak to him of the
love and the lgnowledge of God. Should
a child be left without training and re-
main in his original state, he becomes
like unto an animal and is a slave of
nature."
Abdul-Baha, welcoming Shah'o'llah
Khan, who came fro111 Afglianistan,
said, "In ancient history, they have
praised and lauded the city of Samar-
kand. It is the city of Prince Taymoor.
But at present, it is entirely changed
and transformed . . . . . . . .
..This blessed
Cause has such power and penetration
that it Will spread into all parts of the
World. I am hopeful that in Afghanis-
tan it will be of great effect. The gentle-
men of Afghanistan are active. They
are Warm blooded. In their blood, there
is power and heat. Therefore, you see
that although the 
ments are in a state of chaos, Afghan-
istan is protecting itself as much as
possible."
'When someone mentioned the name of
the late Hadji Mirza Hassan Khorassani
of Cairo, Egypt, Abdul-Baha said, "In
justice to him, he served the Cause very
much. 'He helped the friends every-
Where. He had zeal and enthusiasm.
He assisted everybody."
On the subject of consultation, Ab-
dul-Baha said, "Man must consult with
a trustworthy and Wise person. His Holi-
ness the Messenger (Mohammed) says,
'The consulted is trusted.' Therefore, if
man does not consult with a trustworthy,
wise person, his own mind becomes eon-
fused. "Then man's thoughts are scat-
tered, he falls into many troubles. But
if he concentrates on one point, then he
is relieved on all sides."
June 17, 1914.
A group of believers were strolling in
the blessed garden. Abdul-Baha sent
for them and when they came, he seated
Mollah Abu Taleb, who was very ad-
vanced in years, in a chair close to
him and said: "Father, how good bent, to have bedimmed
eyes and decrepit bones in the divine
Cause." Then Abdul-Baha turned his
face toward Agha Gholam 'o 'l1al1 Al1ama~
doff, formerly from the city of Meelan,
Russia, and said, "The friends in Meelan
were self-sacrificing from the beginning
of the Cause. They have always en-
dured calamities and hardships in the
divine path. They were always firm and
steadfast. They were always the cause
of the glory of the Cause of God. Never
has anything that might cause harm in
the Cause, appeared from them." After

