STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all nien as brothgg-5; that the of and unity S0115 Of men shall D8 strength-
ened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it_ shall be; these fruitless
strifes; these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IX Kamal 1, 74 (August Z0, 1918) No. 9
Bahai Methods of Education
A Compilation of the Words of Baha'o'llah and Abdul-Baha to assist Parents and Teachers
in the Education of Children
COMPILED BY PAULINE A. HANNEN

Uttcrances of Abdul-Baha in Tablets and 
(Continued from page 96)
MANUAL TRAINING ENDORSED
To a Bahai with two sons in a French
school, Abdul-Baha said:
"Give your children a manual profes-
sion, something; by which they may be
able to support themselves and others.
Let polite literature take care of itself;
teach them a technical art or profession."
(Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Nov.
12, 1913.)
 
CAMP SCHOOL IN MOUNTAINS
APPROVED
"When Was in Dublin," Abdul-Baha
said, "the professor of the out-door
school invited me to visit the pupils.
The school is in the mountains of New
Hampshire, built among the woods. All
around there are green valleys, verdant
palms and blue lakes. They have a large
cabin and have pitched several tents.
Their supreme object is to promote the
art of beauty and gracefulness and the
science of strength. For this reason
they practice calisthenics and athletics
and exercise bodily training. They are
thinly clad and often sleep in the open
air. They go bathing and during cer-
tain hours they study. Fresh air, outdoor
exercise, wholesome food, clean sports,
uplifting ideals and regular training of
body, mind and spirit build up their
constitutions and give them strong'mus-
cles, sterling characters and robust man-
hood. They have a school room and din-
ing-room and except the hours of study
and meals they spend their time entirely
out in the open air, learning many ex-
cellent lessons from the book of nature.
I saw there a very young lad Who, I was
told by the teacher, was very thin and
emaciated When he was brought to the
camp, but during his four weeks' stay
he was completely changed, having
gained flesh, health and color, so that
he could take part in the vigorous exer-
cises. The profcssor of this twentieth
century school was one of the most re-
fined and cultured men that it was my
pleasure to meet in America, and he
showed me much love, hospitality and
affection. The boys Were most polite
and decorous and although some of them
were very young yet they stayed through
the talk and listened most attentively. I
was very pleased with all of them. Re-
sourcefulness and self-control are the
two lessons taught to these boys through
words and deeds--so that if in the course
of their lives through an accident of
checkered fortune they should be thrown
on an uninhabited island in the midst of
the sea, they would master the situation
calmly, control themselves and provide
through their own ingenuity and in-

