of the one bird of humanity. Mr.
Lunt spoke of the Mashrekol-azkar its
outer unifying purpose and many life-
giving functions; he showed that the
Mashrekol-azkars of the world will be the
spiritual centres, from which all the di-
vine Principles will flow to irrigate and
nurture mankind. That they are the holy
of holies from which point the law of
God will go forth. The real eternal tem-
ple of God on earth is the law of God.
In the time of Moses this law was sym-
bolized by the sacrifice of animals, but
today the law of God is the mystery of
the sacrifice of the spirit. The inner holy
of holies never changes but is the very
altar of the human heart where all that
is not of God is burned in the sacrifical
fire of his love.
Mrs. Maxwell opened by saying:
"Among the Bahais there are no
speakers; in the world today there is but
one speaker and He is God. In the pres-
ence of the Word of God the whole world
is silent." She then unfolded the prin-
ciples of The Most Great Peace toward
which the evolutionary forces of the
world are moving, but which in them-
selves are powerless to create peace. She
said: "Peace is a divine reality, which
the Manifestation of God, Baha'o'llah,
brought to the world, but the world
was slumbering and dead, 'was deaf to
his call and blind to his beauty.' Never-
theless the new creation, the dawn of The
Most Great Peace, has been breathed into
the body of the world. After forty years
imprisonment, Abdul-Baha, the Center
of the Covenant of God, has again raised
the call, has by a miracle been liberated
from prison and went forth to all the
nations of Europe and America, journey-
ing far and wide, warning the people of
the impending disaster, of the 'world
consuming fire' which would burst forth
and wreak universal havoc and ruin. In
stern, impassioned tones he implored
mankind to awake and avert this 'most
great calamityl' The world did not hear
his call and the world was without ex-
cuse before the throne of God."
4-4 STAR OF THE WEST
The speaker then stated that all this
dire affliction, overpowering destruction
and self-annihilation had come upon
mankind as the result of not hearkening
unto the voice of God. She said: "Not
until mankind turns to the Sun of Truth,
to the Ark of Deliverance, the Center of
the Covenant of God, will the flood of
calamities subside and the world find
rest. The people of the world today have
created for themselves a 'God.' They are
worshippers of superstition and imagina-
tion, and know nothing of the divine
Reality. God is kind, merciful and com-
passionate toward all mankind, in His
sight there is no race, party or nation.
He is the God of all, the Beloved of
every heart."
Such was the spirit of the speakers at
all of the Congress sessions. Lack of
space forbids giving the addresses in de-
tail, but we will state that at both the
second and third sessions of the Con-
gress, the principles of 
expounded by Abdul-Baha when in
America--were further elucidated with
power and eloquence of the'Spirit, reach-
ing a great climax in the masterly pres-
entation by Dr. F. W. D'Evelyn, of
San Francisco, on Tuesday evening.
The informal social meeting for the
visiting delegates and friends under the
auspices of the Chicago friends was a
delightful hour of entertainment and re-
laxation. Dr. Wm. F. Slater acted as
host, and Mrs. Maud Houser as hostess.
On Monday evening, Mr. Harlan F.
Ober spoke in place of Mr. Hooper Har-
ris, who could not attend the Congress.
He was followed by Mr. Louis G.
Gregory.
At the opening session of the Conven-
tion, Monday morning, Mr. Harry Ran-
dall rendered a splendid service. With
humility and simplicity, but deep spirit-
ual power and conviction, he struck the
keynote of the Convention: absolute un-
swerving loyality, singleness, and obedi-
ence to the Center of the Covenant, and
the unity of all the friends in that im-

