STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened,
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless 
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IX Nur l, 74- (]une 5, 1918) No. 5
Report of the Tenth Annual Convention
of the Bahai Temple Unity
Held at the Auditorium Hotel, Chicago,April 27th to 30th, l9l8
TUESDAY MORNING 
(Continued from page 56)
The Chairman: "Just pardon me till
I appoint this Auditing Committee,
whose duties should begin immediately.
I appoint the following committee: Ed-
ward D. Struven, Chairman, Mrs. Breed
and Mrs. Ella G. Cooper.
Mr. Tate: would like to get some
information in reference to tl1e 'first
commune.' 
Mr. \/Vindust: "This question has
been up for a number of years. I wrote
to Abdul-Baha asking him the direct
question, and he answered in a tablet,""
I cannot quote it, but I can give you the
substance of it, and it is this:
"In the past there have been many
who took the words of Christ and the
apostles and compiled them in such a
manner as to make a new combination
of words, thus creating 'certain ideas by
that combination, which were in a mea-
sure more or less true. Therefore, do
*Tablet referred to is as follows:
To his honor, Mr. Albert Windust, Chicago, Ill.
Upon him be Baha'o'llah-El-Abha!
HE IS 
thou servant of God!
Thy letter was received. Thou hast written
that the publication of the book of Mirza Abul
Fazl (the Bahai Proofs) is commenced. This
is very acceptable, for his books are written
with the utmost sincerity. Likewise, the trans-
lation of the Hidden Woa~ds that you are just
thinking to print another edition, this is also
acceptable.
If Kvheirollah claims that one of the com-
munes is Written by him, do not be astonished
at this. For there is an ignorant, uneducated
man in the United States, nay in Chicago itself,
who has written a pamphlet, and after printing
it, he is circulating it abroad. His aim 1S no
other than the promotion of the superstitions of
Mirza_ Yahya (Ezel). Amongst other things he
alleges that the Book of Ighan, (Tablets of)
not be astonished if you find in this day
some souls are doing likewise, that they
are taking the Words of the Blessed
Beauty, and are combining them to pres-
ent them as their own creation."
Dr. Harper: "While Abdul-Baha was
here, I was riding on the same train
with him to Washington, D. C., and I
have here the prayer book in which he
wrote his name, and this prayer is on
page 35, and I asked him about it, and
told him that there was a question in
regard to its use. He said, 'While they
are the Words of Baha'o'llal;L yet they
were compiled and put there by the
nakezeen, and We will not use them'.' 
The Chairman: "That is the 'first
commune.' 
Mrs. Hoagg: was in I-Iaifa when
that question came through me to Abdul-
Baha, and while, as I remember, he said
they were probably the Words taken from
Tajalleyat and Ishralcat are Written by Mirza
Yahya. Consequently do not be astonished at
the claims of others. There are and t-here may
be found some souls who collect the supplica-
tions of the Blessed Perfection and take out
of every supplication a phrase or a sentence and
then attribute it to themselves. Such people
are like unto the man who gathers out of the
Gospel sundry sayings of Cih~rist--that is, he
selects from every page a few words, and as a
result he composes phrases and sentences, and
claims to be the original Writer.
Be ye engaged with your own occupations.
Do not trouble yourself 'with these statements.
Such articles are like unto the mirage; they will
vanish. That which is real will remain firm
and established in the world of existence.
Upon thee be Baha'o'llah-El-Abba!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA ABBAS.
(Translated by Mirza. Ahmad Sohrab, July
13, 1914, home of Abdul-B-aha, Mount Carmel,
Haifa, Syria.)

