74 STAR OF
Mrs. Coles in discussing the matter
said in part: "There is quite a differ-
ence between appreciating a thing that
is beautiful from a literary point of
View and endorsing it as a Bahai book
for the sowing of the seed of the revela-
tion of God, as a piece of Bahai liter-
ature.
"There is a deep and Wonderful ap-
preciation of Mr. Vail's work and we
know that through that pure spirit a
great and wonderful bounty is falling.
But it seems to me that the thing for us
to have clear is that from the Bahai
Cause, from the Publications Commit-
tee, only that which is of the Word
of God and authorized as a message
from that source, shall go forth."
The Chairman: "Are you now ready
for the question? All in favor say aye,
opposed no."
Motion carried.
The Chairman: "Now Mr. Scheffler
will announce the last ballot."
Mr. Scheffler: "The third ballot
gives Mr. Randall 18 votes and Mrs.
Riice-Wray 16 votes; 34 votes cast."
The Chairman: "The Chair declares
Mr. Randall elected to complete the
membership of the Board. Mr. Scheffler
will now read the names of the Board."
Mr. Scheffler: "Mrs. True, Dr. Bag-
da-di, Mr. Remey, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Lunt,
Mrs. Hoagg, Mrs. Maxwell, Mr. Ober
and Mr. Randall."
Mr. Remey: "Mr. Chairman, it seems
to me that the point that Mrs. Harrison
brought out this morning about Abdul-
Baha standing singly and alone, solved
this, and all other difficulties regard-
ing this matter of these books. The
Manifestations of God are unique. They
are not to be classed with the creatures.
When we are giving the message of the
Covenant, the Manifestations, we are
sowing a living seed, and when we are
simply giving the message of a man,
why, we are sowing a seed, but it is not
a living seed. It seems to me that there
is a class of literature coming up, much
of which is on sale, and so, on
THE WEST
our Bahai tables, which is in the form
of written books composed by friends
who are sympathetic with the Cause,
who discuss various subjects and lead up
to the Bahai teachings. For instance,
such a book as that is Mr. Holley 's book
Modern Social Religion. It discusses
sociological questions and leads people
up to the Bahai Cause as the solution
for these various questions.
am sure as time goes on, we will
have more of these books, and I think
it would be very interesting to get an
expression of opinion from the friends
regarding these books, which are really
sympathetic to the Bahai Cause."
Mr. Ober: "It seems to me the
statement that Mr. Bemey made in the
beginning is the key to all of this. The
Manifestations of God are unique and
peerless; and it is the associating of their
words with other words, the words of
men, no matter how wise they are, that is
the great defect of some of this litera-
ture. But, of course, the writing of artic-
les of explanation from the economic
point of view, from the philosophical
point of view and from the religious
point of view, which do not bring in a
lot of indiscriminate things,' Will, I think
in the Orient and undoubtedly here, be
one of the means of spreading the Cause.
I can see no harm in it myself. . . .
It is simply a question of presenting the
truth according to the capacity."
Dr. D'Evelyn: "Mr. Chairman, I
would like to have the approval or rec-
ommendation or appreciation of this Con-
vention on the desirability, owing to the
present condition of affairs, of reading
at our respective meetings, Abdul-
Baha's prayer for the confirmation of
the American government. I make the
request that this Convention endorse the
desirability of this prayer being used on
such occasions."
Mrs. Breed: move, Mr. Chairman,
that this Convention endorse the read-
ing of this prayer for the confirmation
of the United States in our meetings."
Mrs. Coles: second the motion."

