STAR OF TI-IE WEST 31
from Khorassan (Persia), came to see
Abdul-Baha and all bowed and fell at
his feet. Abdul-Baha prevented them
and said: "No, it is unlawful. It is un-
lawful, because, according to the blessed
command, kneeling, kissing of the hands
and bowing are prohibited. They are
not accepted in the Cause of God. They
belong to the holy tombs of Baha'0'l-
lah, and the Bab and to the house of
God." Estad Mohammed Riza of Ish-
kabad, asked if any of the great powers
would become believers. Abdul-Baha re-
plied: "All the people of the world will
become believers. Should you compare the
beginning of the Cause with it today,
you would see what a quick influence
the Word of God has and how the Cause
of God has encompassed the horizons.
At the time we left Teheran (Persia)
for Bagdad, there was not a single be-
liever in all the way, In all the cities
there were none. In Bagdad, there Were
two or three persons, in a very deplora.-
ble condition. "All of the people used to
say, 'Now that the Blessed Beauty is
gone, this Cause will be erased.' The ele-
vation of the Word of God, which you see
at present, is from the potency of the
Cause of God. Is it possible to compare
the present condition with that previous
one? How many of the believers did
they kill, tie up, and confiscate and rob
their homes It Notwithstanding this, the
Cause has reached its present degree be-
cause it is confirmed. The hosts of the
Supreme Concourse assist it and the pow-
ers of the Kingdom of Abha confirm it.
Unquestionably, all will come under the
shadow of the Cause of God. Right
there, in Ishkabad, had they ever before
heard the name of the Cause? Now,
praise be to God! the banner of the
Cause of God is raised high. All the
powers and nations are convinced that
the aim of this community (the Bahais)
is the harmony and unity of the world.
They never join in corruption. They
Want to become the cause of the life of
the world and the means of safety; awak-
ening the souls and the cause of the spir-
ituality of the creatures; life-givers and
not 1ife--takers. In the beginning of the
Cause, the Babis (Ezelis) brought affairs
to such a state that safety was utterly
lost and they put the lives and property
of all at stake. What a dilemma it was!
What implications, vice and immorality
took place! All of the people became
assured that the Babis (Ezelis) were the
enemies of the lives, property and the
honor of humanity and that they were
blood-thirsty, immoral and evil-doers. In
Teheran, during the incident of the Shah
(Nasser-el-Din Shah was shot by a boy),
I remember hearing an akhond (Mo-
hammedan priest) crying, people! If
you want to worship God and the proph-
et, if you want to protect your lives,
property and honor, kill these Babis.
They are the enemies of your possessions
and of your honor. They are against
the laws and religion.' All of these
events took place, because Mirza Yahya
(Ezel), Seyed Mohammed, Mullah Djaf-
far Naraki and such men, held disrepu-
table gatherings every night and day.
They were engaged in immorality and
vice. This is why, in the history of the
people, those calumnies were attributed
to the origin of the Cause. They wrote
that the Babis allowed each woman to
have nine husbands. Therefore the
Blessed Beauty arose, with a divine
power and might. He removed all of
those implications, unfurled the banner
of holiness, pitched the tent of universal
peace and called the people to faithful-
ness, good morals and peace. He said,
'If you are killed in God's service, it is
better than for you to kill. Should you
be in need of the very essentials of life,
you must not raise your hand against
anyone, not even a Jew. (In those days,
the Jews were under great persecutions.)
Be ye kind to all people, loyal to all the
governments and deal fairly with all
humanity. Be faithful, truthful, merci-
(Continued on page 34)

