190 STAR OF THE WEST
trials and difficulties, but through them his invincible spirit shone forth with
greater brilliancy, his complete trust in God was a source of comfort to others,
and his good-humor saved all of us from a bitter pessimism which was too prev-
alent at the time.
It has been my good luck not only to be with him during these dreadful
years of the world war, but was constituted a member of his party when he was
travelling through Europe and America, and thus I can say from my own
experience that the Master teaches us to look on the bright side of life with
intelligence and understanding, not to moan and grumble but bear our burden
with a serene nature, to be firm and resolute, far-seeing and resourceful. His
talks and advice imparted happiness to those who were laden with the burden
of sorrow. He was ever ready to help the distressed and the needy; more than
often he would deprive the members of his own family of the bare necessities of
life that the hungry man be fed and the naked be clothed.
\lVith unconquerable determination and wonderful resourcefulness, he was
divinely assisted to protect and keep alive the almost 300 members of the
Persian Bahai Colony in Haifa and Acca. For three years, he spent months
in Tiberias and Adassieh, supervising extensive works of agriculture and raising
Wheat, corn and other foodstuffs for the maintenance of all of us, and more to
distribute among the many starving Mohammedan and Christian families, many
of whom gave eloquent testimony to his all-inclusive charity and philanthropy.
I assure you that were it not for his provision and ceaseless attention to the
works of agriculture, none of us would have survived the war, for with an awful
famine raging in all cities and towns, one could not find bread and even in
case a loaf of black, coarse barley was found, such a high price was asked for it
that one could not find enough money to buy it.
Aside from the scarcity of food and famine, for two years all the harvests
were eaten by the innumerable armies of locusts, the like of which were never
witnessed by the old men of the community. At times like unto the dark clouds
they covered the face of the sky for hours.
This condition, coupled with the unprecedented extortions and looting by
the Turkish officers and the extensive buying of foodstuffs by the Germans to
be shipped to the "Fatherland" brought about an awful famine. In Lebanon
alone more than 100,000 people died from starvation. In the cities men, women
and children became like mere skeletons and with gaunt faces, sunken eyes,
yellowed skin and bent backs walked rather like ghosts through the half-
deserted streets of Beirut and Damascus, while crying pitifully for a bit of
bread. Thousands upon thousands lived for a few days on the peelings of
oranges and bananas, the skin of watermelons and the grass of the country, and
then died away with no one to mourn over them or bury their corpses, while
other thousands who were a few steps higher were dragged down by the pitiless
force of circumstances and followed the same course of inanition, starvation and
death. Ah, my friends! My head burns and my eyes are wet with tears when
I now think of those harrowing events. Can I ever forget them? It had
become a usual sight to find every morning dead bodies of young girls and chil-
dren along the public thoroughfare. People looked at them and passed by.
Oh my God! Are all feelings of pity, sympathy and love dead in us, that at the
sight of suffering children and dying old men and women we stand unmoved?
This unprecedented famine lowered the standard of life, killed the finer
emotions and deadened the softer sentiments. Men become like Wild beasts,

