STAR OF THE WEST 161
Teach the Cause of God --The Most Important Work
A compilation of the Words of Abdul-Baha from Talks and Tablets--By Albert Vail
TEACH THE CAUSE OF GOD
Now the believers must engage their
time in teaching the Cause of God and
in the meetings no other discussion
should be carried on save the Cause of
God. The members of the Bahai assem-
blies must be infinitely kind towards
each other and all their deliberations
must be concerning the Kingdom of
Aloha. Promiscuous discussions must be
discountenanced, for these things will
become conducive to the lukewarmness
and apathy of those who are present.
The candles of all the meetings must be
the mention of God, the propagation of
the Ca-use of God, the exposition of di-
vine proofs and the elucidation of the
principles of His Holiness 
When this condition is obtained, the
meeting will become heavenly, celestial,
godlike and the means of the guidance
of the erring ones. It Will yield most
great results. . . . .
(From Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
August 4, 1914.)
 i.
THE MOST IMPORTANT WORK
All the meetings must be for the
teaching of the Cause and spreading the
message and sufiering the souls to en-
ter the Kingdom of 
Look at me. All my thoughts are cen-
tered around the proclamation of the
Kingdom. I have a lamp in my hands,
searching throughout lands and seas to
find souls who can become the heralds
of the Cause, who can raise their voices
in meetings and assemblages, who can
become the defenders of the Cause. Day
and night I am engaged in this work.
Any other deliberation in the meetings
is futile and fruitless. Convey the mes-
sage. Attract the hearts. Sow the
seeds! Teach the Cause to those who do
not know. . . . When the most im-
portant work is before our sight we
must let go the important one.
If a meeting or spiritual assembly has
any other occupation, the time is spent
in futility. All the deliberations, all
the consultations, all the talks and ad-
dresses must revolve around one focal
centre and that is: Teach the Cause!
Teach! Teach! Convey the mes-
sage! Awake souls! Now is the time
of laying the foundation. Now must
we gather brick, stone, iron, wood and
other building materials. Now is not
the time of decoration. We must strive
day and night and think and Work.
\Vhat can I say that may be effective.
"That can I do that may bring results?
What can I Write that may bring forth
fruits? Nothing else will be useful to-
day. The interests of such a glorious
cause will not advance without our un-
divided attention. While we are carry-
ing that load, We cannot carry any other
load.
(From Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
January 15 and 16, 1913.)
 
THE WORLD ILLUMINATING SUN
PROMOTION OF THE
CAUSE OF GOD
To a Persian believer in Teheran he
(Abdul-Baha) says: "Thou has long-
ed for the power of teaching the Re-
ligion of God. This desire is the ulti-
mate hope of the sincere ones. Un-
questionably, a Wise man strives to at-
tain to the highest and greatest object
in the world of creation. Today the
world-illuminating Sun is the matter
of the promotion of the Cause of God.
Whosoever is assisted in this, he is favor-
ed ht the Threshold tr the Almighty.
Therefore, do thou not behold thine own
capacity and ability; nay, rather, dur-
ing the hour that thou art teaching the
Cause of God, turn thy face toward the

