218 STAR OF
its adherents to a higher plane of
thought. At 7 p. m. we reached Ludd,
and in the midst of a great confusion,
God assisted us, through the kindness
of some offieers, to take another train for
Kantara at 10 p. m. On the train we
befriended a Persian Jew from Jeru-
salem, Who spoke our language fluently,
and our talk with him was about the
fulfillment of the prophecies in this great
day. He became interested, and we en-
joyed his orthodox views on this fascina-
ting subject.
On December 25th, being Christmas,
the soldiers had a general holiday. Our
train Was flying through the untrodden
wilderness of sands, the wilderness in
which Moses and his people lived for
forty years. It is indeed a most won-
derful testimony to the engineering feat
and skilfulness of England, that during
the war she was thus enabled to con-
struct this double-track, broad-gauge
railroad from Cairo to Toul-Karem, and
110w it has reached Haifa and Acca, so
that a person may now travel from
Haifa to Cairo in less than twenty-four
hours.
A long time before our train reached
Kantara, we could see the British sol-
diers engaged in various games. In Kan-
tara, Which is no other than a vast and
populous city of tents, our baggage was
carefully examined by the authorities.
and through the divine confirmation
we were excused from six days of long,
weary quarantine. With a joyful heart
we took the train for Cairo a little after
12 o'clock, and about 5:30 p. m. we en-
tered the great station. All along the
way, the crowds of people, the prosper-
ous looking men and women, the hustle
and bustle, the green, fertile fields, as-
tonished and delighted us in turn. In-
deed Egypt has not known the evils and
sufferings of this devastating war. Peo-
ple are laughing, making lots of money,
and have generally a good time. Mahat-
tam, the Arabic daily, says that the
people of Egypt have profited during
this war at least This
THE WEST
is a good deal of money, and the in-
nabitants of Egypt have never been so
prosperous in the course of their long
and ancient history. Although we had
sent a telegram to Agha Mohamad Taki
about our arrival, yet he did not receive
it in time to meet us at the station, so
we went to Eden Palace I-Iotel to spend
the evening. Here we rested awhile
and because I had nothing particular to
do, I strolled along the brilliantly light-
ed and crowded thoroughfares. After
five years of calm and quiet life in
Haifa, I find myself in a seething center
of humanity. Everything strikes my
eyes with wonder and astonishment, and
I walk along the avenues like a dazed
man. At last I found myself in Avenue
Boulac, and at the door of Minerva Ho-
tel. Here I called on Miss Hiscox. Her
meeting gave me much pleasure. She
is 'well, firm in the Covenant, and happy
in her chosen Work. 'l'ill 10 p. m. I sat
with her, and our conversation was nat-
urally about Abdul-Baha, his health and
the recital of the sad events of the
last four years of war.
On December 26th, so soon as We got
up we hired a carriage and called on
Mohamad Taki. Here we met a number
of old and tried friends, such as Haji
Niaz, whose eyes have become very, very
dim, and Sheikh Mohyeddin, a great
teacher. They were all delighted to
talk with us, as we are practically the
first persons coming out ofiPalestine
and bringing the tidings of the Beloved.
At noon, Mirza Abul Cassim Galestane
invited us to lunch with him in a Per-
sian restaurant. Strangely coinciding
with our arrival, on this day happened
the death of the 16-year-old talented
daughter of Agha Sayad Ali, her name
being Malakoutieh. For the last two
years she was suffering from consump-
tion, and all the resources of medicine
could not stop the slow progress of the
disease. In the afternoon we called on
the afflicted family. The father was
sad and weeping. All the members of
the family were in a great angui'sh.

