STAR OF THE WEST 221
Letter from Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, at Cairo, Egypt
(Continued from page 219)
about two hours we talked about the
conditions of Persia, and the possibility
of its future progress, and how and in
what manner a11d by whom the vital in-
terests of that ancient country will be
represented at tl1e Great Conference of
Nations in Paris. In his newspaper,
 long article will appear by me on the
internal conditions of Syria during the
war. In the evening a meeting was held
at the house of Agha Mohamad Taki. It
was rather a memorial service in honor
of the deceased Agha Sayad avad. The
Visiting Tablet revealed by the Beloved
some time ago was chanted, other Tablets
were read and appropriate speeches de-
livered. All the friends were submerged
in the sea of divine grace. After this
beautiful meeting, We were the guests of
Agha Zeinel Abedin for dinner. About
twelve other believers were also invited,
"nd a royal feast of many delicacies
(Persian dishes) was spread before us.
Indeed our kind host made us ashamed
of ourselves by the attention and kind-
ness he showered upon these unworthy
servants. It is of course because we
come direct from the Master at this
moment that they sur-
round us with so much hospitality. Oth-
erwise we would have been alone and
friendless in this great city. We are
now most happy in associating day and
night with these firm friends of God.
They do not let us alone for one hour.
We live hardly in our hotel except dur-
ing the few hours of sleep. They are
set aglow with the fire of the love of
God, full of firmness in the Covenant,
resolving to arise in teaching the Cause
and spreading the sweet fragrances.
There are so many young, educated
Egyptian Bahais, filled With noble ideals
and intent on serving the Cause of
brotherhood and peace. Mahmoud
Fahmy is one of them. He speaks Eng-
lish fluently and is a teacher in the Gov-
ernment school. Theseyoung, enthusi-
astic friends will become greatly assist-
ed to teach the Cause in the immediate
future, and I am most happy to come
in contact with them and receive their
inspiration in my Work. We are all
under the protecting shade of the Be-
loved. He will surely assist us to be
firm in the Covenant of 
and to call others to this high station of
spirituality. All that We have to do is
to trust him and live in accord with his
will. This is the crown of success and
the supreme aim of every Bahai. For
the present I may stay in Cairo for
about two weeks. The believers do not
want us to leave the city sooner.
In the full expectation that I will
have the joy of seeing you before long,
I am, as ever,
Your faithful brother,
Ahmad Sohrab.

Bring them together again, Lord, by the Power of Thy Covenant, and
gather their dispersion by the might of Thy Promise, and unite their hearts
by the dominion of Thy Love; and make them love each other so that they may
sacrifice their spirits, expend their money, and scatter themselves for the love
of one another.
Lord, cause to descend upon them quietness and tranquillity! Shower
upon them the clouds of Thy Mercy in great abundance, and make them to
characterize themselves with the characteristics of the spiritual!
Lord, make us firm in Thy noble command, a-nd bestow upon us Thy
Gifts through Thy Bounty, Grace and Munificenoe.
Verily, Thou are the Generous, the Merciful, and the Benevolent.
ABBAS.

