178 STAR OF THE WEST
A recent letter from the Holy Land
Haifa, Syria. Cot. 10, 1918.
Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi, Chicago, U. S. A.
My dear Bahai brother:
It is very delightful indeed to be able to resume correspondence with you
and other dear American sisters and brothers. By this time you have probably
heard that Haifa was taken on the 23rd of September, and the poor inhabitants
were freed from the oppressions to which they had been subject for more than
four years.
Abdul-Baha also felt very happy through this change, for as you know
it was the firm belief of the Turks that he was favoring the English. At the
instigation and intrigue of the abominable Mohamad Ali, every now and then
some new trouble would arise. You know perfectly well the old corrupted
government. But at any time the power of would surpass all
their underhanded means of enmity and would help the Center of His Covenant
to conquer all their mean efforts against him. For instance: Jamal Pasha,
While marching towards the Suez Canal three years ago had said in Jerusalem,
"The Christian Bahais consider Abdul-Baha as Christ. After my conquest
of Egypt, I shall crucify him just as the former Christ was." But the shells
from the English cannon did not give him time to reach his goal.
I do not want to speak against anybody, but simply to tell you that all the
time inimical efforts have been directed against the Beloved of our hearts and
always the power of the Holy Ghost has rendered their efforts null.
All members of your de.ar family are Well at Adana, which We hope will be
taken soon.
With the present circumstances, we hope that the international peace Will,
before long, be established, and the nations of the world will change their
hostility to friendship and amity. For this we pray day and night.
I believe this terrible war will bring the thinkers of the nations to the
consciousness of the value of the divine principles set forth by the Supreme
Pen of One year before the outbreak of the war, Abdul-Baha
traveled all over America and Europe and exclaimed in large assemblies a.nd
congregations, that Europe had become an arsenal, and it was waiting for a
single spark to explode. If the civilized people had liste-ned to this divine call
and Warning, humanity would not have suffered from all these unspeakable
horrors.
But after the War, We hope that the Bahais, who love all the nations of
the world and consider them as the leaves of one branch and fruits of one tree,
will do their best, and through the divine force, will be able to remove the
means of hostility among the nations. Strangers to the Cause of God probably
disregard this divine force active in the Bahai Religion, but the Bahais cannot
do so, for they have seen that within a period of about half a century, in spite of
the despotic persecution of the Shah of Persia and Abdul Hamid, this divine
force emanated from the prison walls of Acca and united approximately four
millions of Persians, English, French, Germans, Americans, Indians, Japanese,
et al., or in other Words, four millions of Hindus, Mohammedans, Christians,

