6 STAR OF THE WEST
All nations were promised by a sure
promise and were awaiting with anxiety
and longing the coming of the promised
one.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From Tab-
let to American believer, dated June 9,
1903.)
The Lord of the day of the manifesta-
tion is his highness, Baha'o']lah.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From Tab-
let, dated July 20, 1911.)
What is meant in the prophecies by
the Lord of hos-ts, the promised Christ,
is the Blessed Perfection (Baha'o'llah)
and his highness-, the Supreme (Bab).
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From Tab-
let revealed for New York Assembly of
Bahais translated by Mirza Sohrab,
January 1, 1907.)
The Cause of Baha'o'llah is in fulfill-
ment of all the prophecies in all the
books of the religions of the world.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From Diary
of Mirza Sohrab, July 13, 1914.)
"What art thou reading?" lec-
ture on the coming world teacher, by
Mrs. Besant." "The great world teach-
er has already come," Abdul-Baha said.
(From Diary of Mirza Sohrab, dated
July 26, 1914.)
The "One who is to come" is he who
was promised in the books of God and
his epistles; that is, this Manifestation.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From Tab-
let dated March 13, 1903.)

The Manifestation (Baha'o'llah) had
all the qualities of the Sun of Truth
manifested in him. All of the learned
and wise men confessed that the teach-
ings of the Manifestation were oom-
plete and perfect. The glory of the
Manifestation was acknowledged by
people of all nations of the earth, but
they did not believe in his divinity.
People of all nations composed poetry
in praise of the Manifestation. The ex-
planations of the Manifestation were
all revelations, and there is not a single
learned man on the earth who can pro-
duce the like of them. During fifty
years the Manifestation withstood all na-
tions of the earth. Though all nations
were against him and contradicted him,
they were always submissive and humble
before him. As the miracles and the
extraordinary signs of the Manifesta-
tion will not be proof for the centuries
to come after this, we have not men-
tioned them. The miracles are only
proof for those who are present, not for
those who are to come, for the idolators
have also recorded miracles, on the part
of their gods, in their books.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From notes
of Mrs. I-Ierron, 1900.)
The Zoroastrians, who were very nu-
merous throughout Persia, notwith-
standing all the calamities and sufier-
ings inflicted upon them by the Mo-
hammedans, would not accept the teach-
ings of Mohammed, but they say that
their books plainly indicate the coming
of the Manifestation in this time and
many of them have accepted this re-
ligion because of this fact. . . . . All
the Old Testament prophecies foretold
the c.oming of Christ. The Gospel of
Christ shadowed forth the coming of
the Manifestation (Baha'o'1lah). There
is a sect in Persia of the Parsee faith,
who would not read the Koran or the
Bible, but who have now organized an
assembly under the laws of the British
and Persian governments, and day be-
fore yesterday (December 3, 1900)
Abdul-Baha received a letter from the
chief aclmowledging Baha'o'llah to be
the divine Manifestation of God.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From notes
of Mrs. Sarah Herron, 1900.)

