208 STAR OF
are happy, contented and at peace.
Therefore, as it is but twelve years since
your gracious reign began, I am only
twelve years old." This pleased the king
so very much that, perforce, he gave the
old man another piece of money, saying,
shall have to leave you now, for your
words please me so greatly that if I listen
to you longer I shall become a pauper!"
(From D'aily Lessons, page 44.)
A THIEF.
There is a Persian story of a thief
who, in order to rob a certain house,
went to Work to undermine the founda-
tion. The owner of the house happened
to be on the roof and looking down dis-
covered the thief and asked what he was
doing. The man replied, am trum-
peting._' Trumpeting I exclaimed
the owner, "Why you are not making
any noise." "Oh no," answered the
thief, "you will hear the noise tomor-
row!"
Lesson: You are shouting although
you are silent; but your words will be
heard in the future. The Words of
Christ were not heard until three hun-
dred years after his death.
(From Daily Lessons, page 
BITTER MELON.
A master had a slave who was com-
pletely devoted to him. One day he
gave the slave a melon which when cut
open looked most ripe and delicious.
The slave ate one piece, then another
and another with great relish (the day
being warm) until nearly the whole
melon had disappeared. The master,
picking up the last slice, tasted it and
found it exceedingly bitter and unpal-
atable. "Why, it is bitter! Did you
not find it so?" he asked the servant.
"Yes, my Master," the slave replied, "it
was bitter and unpleasant, but I have
tasted so much sweetness from thy hand
THE WEST
that one bitter melon was not worth
mentioning. 
(From Ten Days in the Light of Aooa,
page 109.)

LEST WE FORGET.
A certain king had a subject who hav-
ing by a heroic action rescued the king
from a great peril, was raised to a posi-
tion of honor in the royal court. Here
he continued to please the king and
finally came to occupy an apartment in
the palace close to the imperial cham-
bers. The other courtiers of the king
naturally became very jealous and lost
no opportunity of carrying tales to the
king, seeking to lower his opinion of the
fortunate subject. One day they report-
ed to the king that this man was un-
faithful and dishonorable; that each
night after everything was quiet in the
palace, it was his custom to go stealthily
to a room in a remote corner of the pal-
ace carrying a bundle of stolen valuables
which he hid there. The curiosity of
the king was aroused. Watched and
found the report true. Thereupon, he
summoned his retinue and next evening
when the subject had gone to the room
as usual, the king quickly followed,
knocked upon the door and demanded
entrance. When the door opened, noth-
ing was seen in the room but a dilapi-
dated bed, some old clothes and the sus-
pected servant. "What does this mean fl 
demanded the king, "Why do you come
here like a thief every night and what
do you bring in the bundle you carry ll"
King!" replied the subject, "Thou
hast blessed me with every gift and kind-
ness, far more indeed than I can ever
deserve. By thee I have been raised
from poverty and lowliness to greatness
and honor. Knowing this and fearing I
may grow negligent and fail to appre-
ciate thy bounty and love, I come here
each night to pray God that I shall ever
remain grateful to thee for thy goodness;
bringing with me my old peasant clothes,

