152 STAR OF THE WEST
These are My trusted ones amongst My servants; these are the rising-points of
My commandments amongst My creatures. Upon them be My Glory, My Mercy
and My Grace which have surrounded all existence!
It is revealed in the Kitab-el-Ahctas concerning this, that which from the
Horizons of its Words, the Lights of the Divine Bounties gleam, rise, and glitter.
My Branches! In this Existent Being the greatest strength and the most
perfect power is hidden and concealed; look towards It and gaze in the direction
of Its union and not at Its seeming differences. This is the TESTAMENT or
G01) that the Branches [Aghsan], Twigs [Afnan], and Relations [Muntessabeen],
mast each and every one looh to the Greatest Branch [Ghusn Azam]. Reflect
upon that which is revealed in My Book, the Ahdas: "When the Ocean of My
Presence hath disappeared and the Book of Origin is achieved to the end, turn
your faces towards Him whom God hath purposed, Who hath branched from this
Pre-Existent Root." The aim of this blessed verse hath been the Greatest Branch.
We have likewise elucidated the Command as a favor from before Us; and I
am the Generous, the All-Dispenser!
Verily, God hath ordained the station of the Greater Branch [Ghusn Akbar]
after the station of the former. Verily, He is the Ordainer, the Wise. We have
surely chosen the Greater [Akbar] after the Greatest [Azam] as a Command
from the All-Knowing, the Omniscient!
The love of the Branches is incumbent upon all, but God hath not ordained
to them any right from the properties of people.
My Branches, My Twigs and My Relations! enjoin ye to the virtue
of God, to follow that which is just and benefiting, and that by which your
station will be exalted. Truly I say, piety is the greatest commander for the
assistance of the Divine Religion, and the hosts that befit this commander have
been and are good, pure and pleasing qualities and deeds.
Say: servants, make not the cause of order to be the cause of confusion,
and make not the reason of union to be the occasion of discord! It is hoped that
the people of will look towards the blessed Word, "Say: All are from
the Presence of this exalted Word resembles water for extinguishing
the fire of hatred and animosity which is deposited in all minds and hearts.
The different creeds will attain the light of real union through this simple
Word. Verily, He sayeth the Truth and guideth in the Path, and He is the
Powerful, the Mighty, and the Wonderful!
Respect and regard for the Branches is incumbent upon all for the honoring
of the Religion and the exaltation of the Word; and this Command hath been
both previously and afterwards recorded and mentioned in the Books of God.
Blessed is he who attaineth to that which hath been commanded from the
Presence of the Commander, the Pre-Existent!
Also respect (is enjoined) for the Ladies of the Household of God, and the
Twigs and the Relations. I enjoin ye to the service of the nations and to the
pacification of the world.
From the Kingdom of the Revelation of the Aim of the people of the world,
is revealed that which is the Cause of the Life of the world and the Salvation
of the nations. Hearken to the admonitions of the Supreme Pen with the true
ear. Verily, they are better unto ye than all that which is upon earth. To this
beareth witness My Book, the Mighty, the Wonderful!

