STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9,_l91l, It the post office 3t'Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3. 1879.
Editorial Siafl-- ALBERT R. WINDUST -- GERTRUDE BUIKE MA - DR. ZIA M. BAGDADJ
Honorary Memb?r--MIRzA AHMAD SOHRAB
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add sufiicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS con!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clirne. Thou art the first paper of- the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stan unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea;-thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firm1zes.s',
firmness.' (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Vol.  Nur 1, 74- (June 5, 1918) No. 5
of the committee for the coming year'?
I assume that you will wish to take some
action on that."
Mrs. R-ice-Wray: move that the
President be authorized to appoint that
committee, either the same, or such other
number, as in his judgment Would be
best."
Motion seconded; motion carried.
Mrs. True: "Mr. Vail has gotten out
a Work for the Unitarian Sunday School,
Chicago, and there are some things in it
about the Bahai teachings. I think some
of the clouds that have arisen concerning
that should be cleared away and I think
we might have a little statement from
Mr. Vail, regarding the book. I have
asked him if he would be Willing to make
a statement."
Mr. Vail: am willing to do this,
because I want you to understand it,
because nobody under heaven would
have undertaken to write that book for
any other purpose except to try to be of
a little service to the Cause. It was a
difficult Work. My wife and I started to
Work on it, and we resigned once, and We
felt so happy to think that we were
free from it. We were not allowed to
resign; and then we had to go back to
it and fulfill our contract. We triediin
every way We could write it. Well, strangely enough,
we seemed compelled to do it. I just say
that as a prelude.
"Then We decided that probably we
were compelled to do it, because it Would
be of real service to children. In the
religious education of children there
are very ,fcW books on religion. It
had to be written under the closest
supervision, almost every step was super-
vised, the conditions stood therc like
adamant, and We had to write this book
Within those conditions. However, the
other side of it is this, that it is a part
of the Lincoln course, which is one of
the few attempts ever made to have a
progressive course in universal religion,
and I think it is the only course known
in literature upon universal religion."
Mr. Vail then stated that the object
of the book was to present the lives of
the great prophets of the world and their
central teachings so as to give an idea
to children eleven' years old of what they
are and also to assist older people in a
study of comparative religion.
"Just as far as We knew we tried not
to put a word in the book that was
not in perfect accord with Abdul-Baha's
teachings. The only difficulty is When
you get to the end of the book. There
was the question. l/Vc could have left
Abdul-Baha out and just written about
the others, but we would not have writ-

