STAR OF THE I19
Threshold is a great bounty and the
cause of great joy. Our hope is this,
that from the favors of the Blessed
Beauty, we may walk in His path and
become confirmed in whatever the duty
of servitude in the Holy Threshold
might be. Although it is impossible for
us to arise in servitude as we should--
as the poet says, 'How can I raise my
head for shame that I cannot serve the
Beloved in a fitting al-
though we cannot attain it in full degree,
yet we should strive. Our hope is this,
that although the whole ocean fail to
confirm us, we may, through His con-
firmation, assistance, favor and bounty,
be confirmed with one drop. The second
joy is this, that this is the wedding of
Mooneer. Praise be to God, this
feast was prepared in the utmost joy,
under the shadow of the bounties of the
Blessed One. I beg of God that a blessed
family may be established which will
become hospitable and famous through-
out centuries and ages, in servitude to
the Holy Threshold. This is the fruit of
existence. If the fruit of the existence
of man is not the servitude of the Divine
Threshold, by God--save whom there is
no is death, existence is non-
existence, happiness is ennui, joy is sor-
row and regret is the end. If man
will only lay his time at His Threshold,
then whatsoever is befitting and worthy
of this Threshold, will become evident
and manifest. This is the fruit of life.
This is the result of existence. This is
the illumination of the human World.
This is the eternal life. This is the ever-
lasting exaltation. This is the heavenly
glory. 
June 20, 1914..
V\'lienever news of teaching and
spreading the Cause comes from various
regions to Abdul-Baha, he becomes ex-
ceedingly happy. Today, after receiving
good news from America, he revealed
and sent the following tablet: "Thy let-
ter was received. From its contents, it
became evident that, Praise be to God!
the lights of the Kingdom are spreading
and the souls are listening to the "lord.
The heedless are being awakened and
the blind are seeing. This news became
the cause of happiness. In this day,
the power of the Kingdom is assisting
those who are standing forth in service
and who are the cause of guiding the
people. A person who is a herald of
the Kingdom of Abha is like unto a
lamp and the souls who possess high or
lofty ideals are like unto butterflies.
"Then the light is shining, undoubted-
ly the butterflies gather around it.
Therefore, as many of ye as can, call ye
to the Kingdom of Abha so that ye may
become near to the Threshold of His
Holiness and so that the
heavenly hosts may assist ye. In this
day, the power of the Covenant is the
magnetic power in the apex of the hori-
zon. This is the power that moves the
world of humanity. This is the power
that causes the penetration of the words
in the hearts. This is the power that
ignites the fire of the love of G-od. This
is the power that brings joy and cheer
to the souls."
V\lhen Dr. Ardasheer was in the holy
presence, Abdul-Baha said jokingly to
Mirza Haydar Aly: "Dr. Ardasheer
has learned osteopathy very well. He
desires to give you a massage. Are you
willing to have him give you a treat-
ment? He claims that if a person is feel-
ing ill, he will make him well; the power-
less become powerful and the old will
become young!"
Abdul-Baha praised the people of
America because they are worshippers of
reality. He said, "They investigate
every question. They do not quarrel
and dispute. They think mostly of the
investigation of truth or reality. Amer-
ica needs teachers who know languages.
If there were severed and attracted souls
who know the English language and who
were skilled in ethics, great results
would have been brought about. Like-

