130 STAR OF
sisted the Cause. In every time and place
he was confirmed. By God !--There is no
God but Him !--should man become the
king of the East and the West, it Would
not be a particle of benefit to him. The
result is nothing but loss. Where is
Nassir-el-Din Shah? Where is Mo-
hammed Shah? VVhere is Abdul-Hamid?
VVhere is BO11elpE11't'? Where is Wilhelm'!
trace, no fruit! Although these Were
kings and in the utmost power, their end
Was manifest loss. This is What We see
clearly, therefore strive that We may be
upright in the servitude of the I-Ioly
Threshold. This is eternal glory, this
is everlasting bounty. This is the cause
of the illumination of existence of the
Kingdom of Abha! This is- the cause
of progress to infinite sublimity! Upon
you be El-Baha-el-Abha! (the Glory of
God) 
In the morning Abdul-Baha gave the
following advice and encouragement to
those in his presence: "Today, the
friends of God are the illumined candles
of the World of humanity; unless the
candle burns it Will not bestow light.
Man must endure if he Would obtain
treasure. Unless the friends are self-
sacrificing, Wonderful signs Will not be-
come manifest; unless the seed is planted
it Will not become a fruitful tree; unless
the Water flows gardens Will not become
verdant. These are the days of service
and not the days of self-concealment.
This day is for calling to the Kingdom
of God and not for silence. This is the
day of firmness and steadfastness, the
day of loyalty, not disloyalty. The
Blessed Beauty, Was fifty
years in hardships and afflictions. He
quaffed from every cup of calamity and
suffered every pain. Then it is evident
What the friends should endure and in
What manner they should raise the vic-
torious banner of the Cause of God.
Easy living is conducive to coldness,
and tranquillity and comfort causes the
light to be extinguished. Every one of
the Bahais must be like unto a globe of
fire, and as a blaze of light--dispell the
THE WEST
darkness of ignorance With the lights of
service, adorn the horizon of the World
with brilliant stars, become the sWeet-
voiced nightingales of the Paradise oi
Abha and the holy doves of the Supreme
Heaven. Today, the confirmations of
the Blessed Beauty are With the soul
Who utterly forgets himself, constantly
investigates his own faults and defects,
loosens his tongue in mentioning the
good qualities and sublime susceptibili-
ties of others, does not see or hear or
speak evil. Goodness personified shines
as a sun and Wafts as the morning
breeze upon the earth. . . .
"We are fond of the light of justice
from any horizon, and lovers of the
beauty of the rose from any garden.
His Holiness, has admon-
ished the Bahais, in many tablets, that
they should not have religious differ-
ences and racial or patriotic prejudices,
that they must gather under the banner
of the World of humanity. Addressing
the World of humanity, 
said, people of the World! Ye are
the fruits of one tree and the leaves of
one branch. Glory is not for the one
Who loves his country, but for the one
Who loves the World.' If thou desirest
the gloom of the World of nature to pass
away, thou shouldst illumine the candle
of guidance, and if thou seekest a ripe
harvest then plant thou a pure seed. If
thou Wouldst have delicious fruits, plant
thou a blessed slip; that is, illumine the
heart With the light of the love of God
and act according to the exhortations of
the Blessed Beauty."
Tablet revealed by Abdul-Baha to the
friends in Khorassan, Persia.*
HE IS Goo!
fragrances of God, waft with per-
fume! breezes of God, pass With
aroma and seek the valley of the Merci-
ful, the assembly of knowledge, the Sa-
i"Trans1ated by Dr. Bagdadi, July 9,
1918, at Chicago, Ill.

