STAR OF THE WEST Z07
ing else in the house. Salman, as though
talking to himself, said: wish there
were a little cheese Abouzar, feeling
ashamed, went out, sold his only goat,
bought the cheese and brought it to the
table. The guest helped himself gener-
ously, and when he was quite satisfied,
he raised his hands towards heaven and
prayed: "Blessed are those who are
satisfied with very little, and are con-
tented." Abouzar, feeling the super-
fiuity of such a prayer, said to his
friend: "If thou wert really satisfied,
and contented I would now have my goat
in the house!"
(From Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
May 4, 1914.)

INSINCERITY.
Once a Mohammedan mullah thought
that one of his fingers had become im-
pure, because he had touched an unclean
article, and consequently he thought
that it must be cut off. Passing by the
butcher's shop, he stopped and asked the
butcher to cut off his finger. The butch-
er was astonished, and refused. The
mullah explained his reason, and persist-
ed in his extraordinary demand. "All
right," said the butcher at last, "put
thy hand on this block of wood and I
will cut oh? thy finger." Then taking
his large cutting knife, he brought down,
with apparent force, its blunt side on
the hand of the mullah. No sooner had
the mullah felt the harmless pain, than
he pulled away his hand, while crying
out and cursing the butcher for his mer-
ciless, cruel heart: thou tyrant!
What have I done to thee that thou wilt
thus cut my hand?" he bemoaned. The
butcher, realizing the utter weakness of
the mullah, laughingly said: "Go to;VI
did not harm thy hand. Thou coward,
I just tested thee to see whether thou
art made of heroic stuif." Many people
think it is easy to walk in the footsteps
of the Apostles, but it is most difficult,
it is the task of the superman. Only
those are able to do this Who are awak-
ened with the outpourings of the new
spiritual consciousness in this age.
(From Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
June 6, 1914.)
A THANKFUL SUBJECT AND I-IIS
KING.
A great king walking in his garden
one day noticed a man, about ninety
years old, planting some trees. The king
asked what he was doing and the old
man answered that he was planting date
seeds. "How long before they will bear
fruit?" asked the king. "Twenty
years," the old man answered. "But
you will not live to enjoy the fruit, why
then should you plant these trees said
the king. The man answered: "The
last generation planted trees that bore
fruit for my benefit, so it is now my duty
to plant for the benefit of the next gen-
eration."
The king was pleased at this answer
so gave the man a piece of money. The
gardener fell on his knees and thanked
him. The king asked, "Why do you kneel
before me?" "Because, your majesty,
not only have I had the pleasure or gift
of planting these seeds but they have
already borne fruit, since you gave me
this money." This so pleased the king he
gave the man another piece of money.
Again the old gardener knelt, saying,
"Again I kneel to thank your majesty.
Most trees will bear fruit only once,
while these trees of mine have already
borne two crops--since you give me two
pieces of money."
The king smiled and asked, "How old
are you?" The man answered, am
twelve years old." "How can that be,
you are surely a very old man?" The
gardener answered, "In the days of the
king your predecessor, the people were
in a most unhappy state of constant war-
fare and trouble, so I cannot include
that as a part of my life. But since
your majesty came to rule, the people

