136 STAR OF
is essential and a new life is needed. The
souls cannot accept the ancient ideas, a
new thought and new teachings are nec-
essary that shall be the spirit of this age
and the light of this century. Investi-
gate, make a great effort so that the Cen-
ter of the Light of Reality may be seen in
the assembly of the world as a witness
of love, and arise with such a power a.nd
confirmation that thou may 'st shake that
country. Upon thee be greetings and
praise!"
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
 
July 3, 1914.
The German battleship Gaeben ar-
rived ati Haifa. Its admiral and offi-
cers were invited by the Persian consul
to land and have dinner in the village
Nahr (river), which is about two hours'
distance from Acca; also to visit the
holy tomb of It is said
that they accepted the invitation chiefly
to visit the holy tomb. They were ac-
companied by the Persian consul, the
mayor of Acca and Turkish officers and
statesmen. They entered the Holy
Threshold and prayed with the utmost
respect. The admiral remarked that he
had been in many sacred places, but had
never encountered one so filled with
spirituality, or that had such a wonder-
fully beautiful site. As they went out
they were served with tea, cakes, etc.
While the military band played some of
them also visited the Garden of Rizwan
at Acca. They boarded the ship at Acca
and sailed the same night.

July 4, 1914.
The following tablet was revealed by
Abdul-Baha at Acca for a believer in
America:
"According to the text of the Book
of Akdas (the most Holy 
Book of Laws) and the ex-
plicit Booic of Ahd (the Book of the
Covenant), Abdul-Baha is the interpre-
ter of all the Words and books of the
Blessed Beauty. This matter is evident
THE WEST
and clear to those who are familiar with
the epistle and the tablets. If it were
not so each one would interpret accord-
ing to his desire, prefer his interpreta-
tion to any other, and become the cause
of dissension. However, if a soul ex-
plains one of the divine verses, and the
sanction of Abdul-Baha is not upon it,
it is discarded. This is not the time of
interpretation, it is the time of teaching.
All of the friends must employ their
tongues in teaching, because teaching is
the cause of guiding the ones of earth,
of illumination of the world, of leading
the world of humanity, of the confirma-
tions of the breath of the Holy Spirit.
This is the great Cause. However, if
a soul attempts to give his own explana-
tion of the blessed verses and it is not
detrimental to the Cause, do not object
to him if it is only verbal."
The following tablet was revealed for
one of the Americans, an illumined min-
ister who became a believer when Abdul-
Baha visited America:
my revered! Thy letter that thou
hast written in the utmost sincerity and
love was the cause of perfect joy. In-
deed, with soul and heart thou art striv-
ing in order that thou may'st be con-
firmed by the good pleasure of God.
Undoubtedly, this blessed intention has
a great elfect. A good intention is like
unto a brilliant candle, its light shines
in all directions. Now, thanks be to God,
thou hast risen with utmost eifort to
light a candle of guidance in that coun-
try, and to plant in the garden of the
world of humanity a tree of love and
gentleness, to herald to the Kingdom of
God, to become the cause of awakening
of the heedless, to give healing to the
spiritually sick, to become the cause of
broadening the thought, to train char-
acters, to impart progress to the minds
and souls, to bring the lost sheep to the
shadow of the real Shepherd, and to
guide the migrant birds of the rose-gar-
den of reality. Rest thou assured that
the confirmations of His Holiness
BAnA'o'LnAnt will come."

