4- STAR OF THE WEST
he proclaimed the urgency of a universal language to bring men into closer
fellowship and mutual understanding. He emphasized the ineumbenoy of a
Parliament of Man--a universal tribunal of justice or arbitration for the adjust-
ment of international afiairs. And, unequivocally, he taught the power of the
Holy Spirit in the life of humanity.
Here we have the basic principles of the Revelation of Baha'o'llah, the
substructure of an edifice of marvelous beauty and perfection--the emb-odiment
of the great new world civilization.
"The essence of the teachings of His Holiness, Baha.'o'llah, is universal
love, which comprehendeth all the virtues of the world of humanity, is the
cause of eternal life and of the progress of all the individuals of the human
race."*
For the promulgation of such exalted sentiments, Baha'o'llah was ofiicially
condemned, officially persecuted. It is a bewildering world that stones its
prophets, crucifies its saviors.
Now, the essential feature of the Bahai Revelation is what is known among
Bahais as the "Most Great station of Abdul-Biaha, the
leader of the movement to-day, the "Center of the Covenant" of B'aha'o'llah,
to whom all Bahais, the World over, turn for inspiration, for guidance and in-
struction. For he alone -is the interpreter of the great Message.
"Behold the man whose name is The Branch!"1'
Abdul-Baha was born in 1844 on the da.y of the Bab's proclamation. At
the age of eight he accompanied his father into exile. In 1908, at the age of
sixty-four, he emerged from prison, white-haired, bearing the eloquent traces
of the long years of persecution.
Where, in all history, in all literature, will you find such a record of faith,
yes, of divinity, as the record of the lives of Baha'o'llah and Abdul-Baha?
Great souls, so intellectually endowed, they might have held high govern-
mental positions, yet they chose the path of complete deprivation and renun-
ciation. Travellers were they in the "White Path and the Red Support."3;
The Bahai Movement, supremely exemplified by the transcendent lives of
its great leaders, signifies the practical application of the Christ teachings in
conformity with the requirements of the times.
And, today, despite the human carnage, perhaps, because of it, the Move-
ment goes forward, a mighty undercurrent in the affairs of men, which nothing
can resist. For "it is the spirit of the age."
In every country in the world are Bahais, who believe implicitly in the
divine mission of Baha 'o '1lah and Abdul-Baha and the creative power of their
utterances to transform the hearts.
America has many working assemblies for the propagation of the Move-
ment. Near Chicago will be erected the first universal Temple of Worship of the
occident, the Mashrak-el-Azkar, under the great dome of which shall come
together, in worship of the one God, all nations and all races.
The Bahai Movement is creative of universal love, of universal peace.
*Abdul-Baha. i'Zech. 612,13. iBaha'0'llah.

