STAR OF THE WEST 99
effort, are imbued with a nobler ambi-
tion, are stimulated by higher motives
and make wider and deeper exertions
tl1a11 others. If you do not surpass the
others, then What distinction Will there
remain for you? Therefore, you must
strive to be superior to them, so that
everyone may bear testimony to this
fact. You are now like the tender plants
that are trained according to the knowl-
edge and wisdom of the gardener. From
now on, you must strive to beautify the
moral aspect of your lives. Advise one
another with utmost consideration, watch
daily your words and deeds; thus from
the very beginning you may characterize
yourselves with divine ideals.
The divine ideals are humility, sub-
missiveness, annihilation of self, perfect
evanescence, charity and loving-kindness.
You must die to self and live in God.
You must be exceedingly compassionate
to one another and to all the people of
the World. Love and serve mankind just
for the sake of God and not for any-
thing else. The foundation of your love
toward humanity must be spiritual faith
and divine assurance.
Again: be ye most careful that, God
forbid, not one single Word contrary to
truth issue from your mouths. One
falsehood throws man from the highest
station of honor to the lowest abyss of
disgrace. Always guard yourselves
against this enemy so that all you state
may correspond with reality. Forever
supplicate and entreat at the Court of
Majesty and beg confirmation and as-
sistance. Make ye an effort that ye may
win the good pleasure of the Blessed
Perfection. All the natural and super-
natural advancements in the human
world revolve around this one problem.
If you attain to this supreme goal all
the elements of the world of creation
will be ready to serve you at your bid-
ding, they will find their highest
attainment in you and through you),
or in other Words you will become the
fruits of the world of existence. The
evolution of the trunk, branches, leaves
and blossoms of the tree is the fruit
thereof. Exalt your thought. Reflect
over all your affairs. Magnify your en-
deavors. Enlarge the circle of your
ideals. Open the Wings of spiritual wis-
dom. Let your hope be the accomplish-
ment of most great deeds, the results of
which may immortalize your names. All
that the people are holding fast to is as
the mirage and will not last. Praise be
to God, that you are under the protec-
tion of Baha'o-'llah and His bounties
have encircled you. I will always pray
for you, and with the utmost humility
beg extraordinary progress for you.
(Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, April
15, 1914.)
TO THE BAHAI or
BEIRUTCOLLEGE (svam)
Praise be to God, that the Bahai stu-
dents in Beirut are well known for the
beauty of their character, the purity of
their deeds, and the loftiness of their
morality. From Whomsoever one en-
quires about the Bahai students, one will
hear unstinted praise. This is through
the favors and bounties of the Blessed
Beauty, who has assisted you to attain
such a high station. For you l1-ave lived
in a manner conducive to the glorifica-
tion of the Cause of God. Baha'o'llah is
pleased with you; all the people are
pleased with you; I am pleased with
you, and the friends of God are pleased
with you. This is the special divine
bounty, which is being realized at rare
intervals. If one asks any person con-
cerning the Bahai students, he will an-
swer: "In reality they are intelligent,
sober, industrious, diligent, displaying
good manners and behavior and concen-
trating all their attention on their ac-
quirenient of knowledge. They do not
spend their time in frivolous amusements
and distracting recreations." Even the
enemies testify to your spotless character.
I hope that through the favor and
bounty of the Blessed Beauty, his holi-
ness the Bab, and the ineffable bless-

