STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall he strengthened,
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes;
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IX Baha l, 74 (March Z1, 1918) No. 1
The Bahai Movement
BY EAN MASSON
ISTORIGALLY, the Bahai Movement is the most dram-atic movement
of the age. Spiritually, it is the most dynamic. It compels attention
as the eifective, permanent solution--the only solution-of the horrific
problems with which the world grapples in its hour of unspeakable tragedy.
It is the movement that makes for inter-nationalism, universal peace, social re-
organization.
Three figures, brilliant, impressive, stand forth in the movement, against
the da.rk background of the world: The Bab, Baha'o'llah, Abdul-Bahai'.
In 1844, the Bab proclaimed the coming of the Universal Teacher of men.
For his courage and his unconquerable faith he was martyred in 1850.
Baha'o'llah We recognize as he Whose coming the Bab heralded; as he
anticipated by all the prophetic books; as the revelator of a Message, powerful
enough to penetrate every country in the world; so sublimely universal in its
concept as to include all nations, all races--all humanity.
Abdul-Baha is the interpreter for the world of the Message of Baha'o'llah
"Center of His Covenant," the "Greatest Branch."
A hostile world greeted the Message of Baha'o'llah. For forty years, from
1852 until his death, in 1892, he dwelt in exile and, finally, imprisonment, in the
Turkish penal colony of Acca, Syria.
A proclamation of human liberty and justice and internationalism seemed,
to the nineteenth century, visionary, fanatical, seditious, revolutionary. Today,
by countless multitudes, Bal1a'o'llah is acclaimed, around whom is 
is revolving--a new dispensation, a new cycle, a new order of civic righteousness,
a new world, glorified through love.
And the Message of Baha'o'llah?
taught the actual oneness of the religions of the world; the
oneness of all humanity; the universal brotherhood of man, universal peace; the
perfect harmony of religion and science. enjoined men to search diligently
for truth and to abolish all prejudices, religious, notional, racial, social. He
proclaimed the equality of the sexes, commanding" equal educational advantages
for both, besides vast equitable social roodjustments, the equalization of the
means of livelihood, and the complete establishment of justice among men. Also,
*The Bab, Arabic for the Gate or Door.
Baha'0'llah, Arabic for the Glory of God.
Abdul-Baha, Arabic for the Servant of Baha.

