16 STAR OF
How beautiful up on the mountains are
the feet of him that bringeth good
tidings, that publisheth peace; that
bringeth good tidings of good, that pub-
lisheth salvation; that saith unto Zion,
Thy God reigneth!
(Isaiah 52 
For thus saith the Lord of hosts; Yet
once, it is a little while, and I will
shake the heavens, and the earth, and the
sea, and the dry land; and I will shake
all nations, and the Desire of all na-
tions shall come: and I will fill this
house with glo-ry [Baha, means glory],
saith the Lord of hosts.
(Haggai 2 7.)
noble friends and seekers for the
Kingdom of God! About sixty years
ago, in the time when the fire of war
and bloodshed was considered an honor
to mankind, in a time when the blood
of thousands of human beings stained
the earth, when children were fatherless,
when fathers were without sons, and
mothers were weeping bitterly, with
burning hearts, the loss of their chil-
dren, when the darkness of inter-racial
hatred and animosity seemed to cover
mankind, and the heavenly light was
blotted out, when the wafting of the
Holy Breath of God was out that
time Baha'o'llah arose like a shining
star from the horizon of Persia, with
the message o-f the light of the oneness
of mankind. He brought the effulgent
light of guidance to the world; he
kindled the fire of love and the great
reality of the True Beloved appeared.
He shook and destroyed the foundations
of religious and racial prejudice and of
political animosity. He likened the
world of humanity to a tree, and all the
nations to its branches, leaves, buds and
fruits. He melted and destroyed ignor-
ant fanaticism and laid down the foun-
dation of universal love, established the
basis of the oneness of humanity and
THE WEST
brought about in practice the equality
of mankind. He declared that all were
aquially under the mercy and bounty of
.
Then was the door o-f the kingdom
opened Wide and the ligh.ts of heaven
appeared.
Yet the whole of his life was under
extreme trouble and tyranny. In Persia
he was thrown into chains and into
prison; and he was under the threaten-
ing of the sword. He was derided and
scourged. When he was about thirty
years of age he was exiled to Bagdad,
and then to Constantinople, and from
Constantinople to Adrianople and lastly
to the prison of Acca.
Yet in the prison and under chains,
he availed to spread his Cause and up-
lifted the banner of the oneness of hu-
manity. Now, God be praised! We see
the light of love is shining in the East
and in the West; the tent of inter-
course is raised in the center of the
world for the drawing together of hearts
and souls. The call of the Kingdom
has gone all over the world! The annun-
ciation of the world's universal peace
has enlightened the world's conscience!
My hope is that by the zeal and ardor
of the pure-hearted, the darkness of
hatred and differences will be entirely
abolished and the light of love and unity
will shine more this World
become a new world; things material
become the mirror of the Kingdom; hu-
man hearts meet and embrace each
other; the whole world become as a man 's
native country, and different races be
counted as one race. Then disputes and
dilferences will vanish and the divine
Beloved will be revealed in the society
of mankind. It is because the East and
the West are illumined by the one sun,
all races, nations and creeds are the
servants of the one God. The whole
earth is one home, and all the peo-ple
are bathed in the ocean of God's mercy.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Farewell
address to English Bahais, October 1,
1911.)

