96 STAR OF THE WEST
but if cold winds blow .and the plant be
deprived of the shining of the sun and
the rain it will certainly be withered and
become a useless thing.
"Now, if you occupy yourselves, for
instance, in affirming some reasons for
the truth 0-f this holy Cause and how to
deliver the I/Vord of God to everyone,
these things will support and strengthen
you and will prepare you for the good
of this world and that which is to come;
but if, God forbid, you lose your time in
vain chattering and useless talk and
running hither and thither, these things,
be sure, will never lead you to the way
of salvation.
"Never think whether you will have
more or less wealth, for riches will never
guide any man in the right way.
children," continued our Master,
"there is a matter which is very impor-
tant and that is this, let none of you at
any time be puffed up with pride or
despise any other being. Never, never
do this, this is worse than all things.
Man is a sinful blunderer, therefore he
must acknowledge his faults.
"His Holiness, the blessed Bab, men-
tions in his book that every one must
consider at the end of each day What
have been his actions. If he finds some-
thing which would please God, he must
thank Him and pray to be strengthened
to do this good act throughout his life;
but if his actions have not been approv-
able or honest, he must earnestly ask
God for strength to do better.
"And now," said the Master, "the re-
port of your weekly work is good and
free from blunder and fault, therefore I
am greatly pleased and very happy. I
want you to work for the sake of God,
and not for your own interest. There-
fore I am advising you with the greatest
love and kindness for your own benefit
and comfort."
These were our beloved Master 's utter-
ances yesterday in the morning.
(Abdul-Baha takes a great interest in
the progress of these boys, and often
gives them helpful little talks; this one
I have reproduced here in the words
of one of the pupils, which he wrote out
in English for me and which I have but
Teacher.)
"You must give your daughter a
B-ahai education so that she may become
an excellent teacher of the Cause. She
must receive a spiritual education. Then
she will make extraordinary progress.
Religious teachings are essential for the
proper development of the mind and
the spirit. If religious instruction is not
given to the children they will grow
heedless and lose their moral suscepti-
bilities. They Will laugh at all moral
obligations. The children are like unto
green branches. As long as the branch
is green, you can train it in whatever
way you think best; but once the branch
is dried up you cannot do anything with
it. lf you want to straighten it it will
break."
Again he spoke with little Mona. "Do
you love your parents?"
7 7
"Which one do you love best? Your
mother or father?"
love both equally."
"Bravo! Well said! Now tell me,
do you love Baha'0'llah or your mother
.
This was a difficult question. She
hesitated a moment, and then replied
with much emphasis: "Baha'o'1lah."
(Diary of l\/Iirza Ahmad Sohrab, Oct.
16, 1914.)
(Continued on page 97)

