162 STAR OF
Kingdom of Abha, beg for Divine Con-
firmations and with the utmost confi-
dence and power open thy tongue and
speak out boldly all that with which thy
heart is inspired.. . . 
(From Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
August 16, 1914.)
 
CRY OUT THE MESSAGE OF THE
KINGDOM
Today We are standing before the il-
limitable sea; let us not deprive our-
selves. Let us heroically dive into the
depths of the great ocean and gather
the scintillating pearls of wisdom. Thou
must teach the Cause and spread the
Message. When thou art asked to talk
at a meeting, turn thy heart to
begging confirmation
from Him, and then speak; He will in-
spire you. Cry out the message of the
Kingdom; do not be silent; be not
quiet; teach the Cause.
(From Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
January 19, 1913. Words of Abdul-
Baha to a man who had become a Bahai
since meeting him the previous year.)
THE BRILLIANT STARS OF THE
EARLY DAWN
Pointing to the planet Venus Which
was shining in the horizon like a blazing
torch, Abdul-Baha said, "Do you see
that brilliant star?" "Yes, Master," I
answered, "it is most luminous." He
added, declare, by that
it is my fondest hope to see each one of
the believers of God shining like unto
this star. I wish for them this illum-
ination. I desire for them this luminos-
ity, so that they may rejoice the hearts
and spiritualize the souls; but, alas!
how often they let -the cloud of self and
ego becloud the horizon and thus pre-
vent the stars of their divine verities
from shining." Looking intently at the
star, he continued: "This star shines
clearest at the early dawn; so, at this
THE WEST
dawn of the Sun of Reality, the stars
of our lives must glisten and gleam in
the darkness of the World."
(From Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
December 8, 1918.)
BECOME LAMPS OF THE TRUE
ONE
As to human souls, unless they ac-
quire the lights they are unable to shine
upon other individuals. But when a
man arises to expound the arguments
of God and invite people to enter into
the Religion of God, and when he ut-
ters those arguments and advances con-
summate proofs concerning the appear-
ance of the Great Kingdom--then in-
tense love shall become manifest in his
heart. This love causes the development
of his spirit by the Grace of the Benef-
icent Lord. Consider the bearer Who
brought the garment of Joseph to Jacob;
that messenger was the bearer of the
garment, but he could not inhale the
fragrance of Joseph. But Jacob, whose
nostrils were pure, inhaled the fragrances
of Joseph from a long distance.
It may be that a man can'guide a
blessed soul unto the Kingdom of God
While he himself is deprived thereof.
Consider Judas Iscariot; he invited oth-
ers while he himself was deprived of the
Kingdom of God. But in spiritual train-
ing it is impossible for an imperfect
one to perfect another, or train another,
unless he first conquer his own self and
desire, and become purified from selfish
iniquities in order to become capable of
Merciful Splendors. When he acquires
divine Bounties, then he is able to train
another. An ignorant man has no power
to teach a seeker, and a poor man has
no power to succor a needy one. Con-
sequently be thou assured that verily
man needs to wish for Eternal Life and
then confer the same upon another. The
human perfections and Merciful Boun-
ties are that Peace which was promised
and spoken of by Christ.
Then know thou verily that the people

