STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES I YEJR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, 111., U. S. A.
Iintered as second-class fllIEURt?f'ApIil 9, I911, at the post oflice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Editorial R. WINDUST-- GERTRUDE BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary MemI>er--MmzA AHMAD Sonmua 
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add suflicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
0 thou Star of the West! ms IS con!
Be thou happyl Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahals which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou Stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the frlends and the center of the generosity oi the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will 1nCI'case,
thy arena will becomevast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at
last thou shalt become the first pap,er oi the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Arms.
Vol. IX Mulk 1, 74- (F cbruary 7, 1919) N0. 13
French or English?" he asked. Being
shy, she did not answer. "If the peo-
ple ask you whether you are English or
French, tell them you are a Bahai. Once
upon a time there was a shepherd who
tended the sheep of Hossein Ali 
He was a very simple man.
He could neither read nor write. His
neighbors would come and ask him:
'Art thou a Mussulman, a Jew or a
Christian?' He did not know how to
answer them, but after a moment of
reflection he would say, don't really
understand your question, but all that I
know is that I am the shepherd of Hos-
sein Ali.' . . . . Thou art my daughter,
my dear little daughter. I want to slap
you!" and with great gentleness he pat-
ted her cheeks and back.
(From Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
Oct. 16, 1913.)

THE LAMENT.
It is related that Saboktakeen, one of
the renowned ancient kings of Persia,
lived in the utmost grandeur and splen-
dor. His palace was like unto the de-
lectable paradise, and his table was pro-
vided with royal bounty and his life was
like unto a stream of milk and honey.
His treasuries were full and his riches
unlimited. He was in the utmost joy
and happiness. Suddenly he was at-
tacked with a malady and was burning
away like unto a candle, and with Jere-
miads of disappointments he was sing-
ing the most mournful tunes. When he
became hopeless of this life, three days
beforehis death, he commanded all his
chamberlains, wearing golden girdles,
to form a long line, and ordered all the
ladies-in~waiting to present themselves
before him. His treasures and all his
precious jewels were on display before
his eyes, and his accumulated wealth was
arrayed in dazzling fashion. Then he in-
vited his ministers, courtiers and states-
men to be present in the throne room
on a certain hour, and asked his im-
mense army to be engaged in the ma-
noeuvres of victory and triumph in the
military square in front of the palace.
While sitting on his throne, he looked
regretfully, on this scene, now on
another, and again on all this matchless
array of grandeur and magnificence and
wept most bitterly, crying aloud: 
Why must I be deprived of this imperial
sovereignty and these royal preroga-
tives? Why should I not enjoy this
life? 'Why bid farewell to all these
things? How can I leave them behind
and hasten empty-handed from this

