STAR OF THE WEST 165
TABLET TO MRS. TRUE
(Tablet revealed by Abdul-Baha, and
signed by him, for Mrs. Corinne True.
Sent from Haifa, Syria, through Mizra
Ahmad Sohrab, January 9, 1917, but re-
turned to him owing to suspension of
mail service in Syria during the war,
and, with the opening of the mail serv-
ice, was received in Chicago November
22, 1918.)
thou beloved spiritual daughter!
Thy postal card of August 26, 1916,
was received and its contents indicated
that the believers of Detroit, Grand
Rapids, Muskegon, Chicago and Fruit-
port have gathered together and have
spent their time with perfect love, unity
and joy.
In whatever place the believers of God
hold a meeting, peruse the heavenly
teachings and associate With each other
with the utmost amity, affection and har-
mony, there is no doubt whatsoever that
the Holy Spirit will become the Candle
of that gathering; and the blessed souls
participating in that meeting will feel
spontaneously the confirmations of the
Holy Spirit. Therefore, I became most
happy over this news contained in thy
card. With infinite kindness convey my
longing and greeting to the believers of
all these cities. I desire for all of them
life eternal; beg for them heavenly out-
pourings, and seek for each the efiul-
gences of the Sun of Reality.
I hope that in this year [1917] the
solid and firm foundation of Mashrekol-
azkar be laid. In reality, thou art dis-
playing great efiort. Praise be to God,
that through thy endeavor and magnan-
imity useful results were produced. I
hope the believers of God will become
able to pay the which they
have pledged themselves to contribute.
God says in the Koran: "Those who be-
lieve Judgment
will become able to build the mosques
of God." In other Words: Divine
Temples are built by holy souls who
believe in God and in the Kingdom of
God. I hope that the American believ-
ers may soon become able to accomplish
this work.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translation of Mirza Ahmad Soh-
rab.)
TABLET TO MR. HANNEN
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Soh-
rab, Haifa, Syria, December 26, 1916.
Received at Washington, D. C., Novem-
ber 20, 1918.)
To Joseph H. I-Iannen, Washington,
D. C.
thou who art firm in the Covenant!
Truly I say, thou art the servant of
the Kingdom of God! And thou hast
no other intention and aim save the
promotion of the Word of God and the
diffusion of the fragrances of God. The
call of approbation and "VVell done"
descends from the Unknown Wo1'ld and
the voice of "Happy is thy condition!
Happy is thy condition!" reaches the
ears of the spiritual ones without cessa-
tion. From the time that I have has-
tened from America to the East thou
hast spent thy time in the service of the
Cause. I bear testimony to this. Up
to this time the divine confirmations
and spiritual aids have descended upon
thee uninterruptedly, and in the future
you will be encircled with the same,
more than before. Rest thou assured.
Although We are as the Weak ants, yet
praise be to God, the "Great Power"
is our helper; therefore with perfect
strength arise thou in the service of the
Cause and convey on my behalf respect-
ful greeting to all the believers of God
and the maid-servants of the Merciful.
I hope that in the next year the foun-
dations of the Mashrekol-azkar be laid
and in the United States the dome of this
heavenly building will be so raised that

