216 STAR OF THE WEST
It would be Well to mention, perhaps, that all the funds, including certificates
of deposit, stand in the name of Bahai Temple Unity and that the Temple Unity
has a safety deposit box in Chicago in its own name where the securities are
kept so that it is accessible to only the Treasurer, Secretary and Financial Sec-
retary of the Corporation a.nd likewise all checks are signed by these three
Officers' Your brother in His service,
Will?Ia>>m H. Randall,
Treasurer.
A LETTER FROM MANDALAY.
Mandalay, December 3, 1918.
To William H. Randall, Esq.,
Boston, U. S. A.
Dear Bahai brother:
We are extremely thankful to you for
your esteemed favour of the 5th of Sep-
tember, l9'18, received only last Week,
contents of which delighted the hearts
and uplifted the spirits. It was read
and explained in our spiritual congrega-
tion held on the celebration of the Holy
Fete day of our Beloved Master Abdul-
Baha on the 26th of November, 1918,
also passed over to other assemblies in
Burma.
Oh dear brother! You know well how
we must have felt through its effects,
our hearts were filled with the thrills
of joy and happiness as its contents
were evidently proving the pure love of
God, His Unity and Oneness. No mat-
ter how far we live there is no distance
in the spiritual realm. "We can easily
communicate with each other in our spir-
itual Kingdom without the obstruction
of all things in the world; as the hearts
are clear and pure like a mirror we
could freely behold the brilliant faces
of our dear brothers and sisters in
America.
'We earnestly pray for physical fulfill-
ment of the same after the expected
World-Peace, which will prove materi-
ally also the unity and oneness of the
East and West.
We thank you again for your kind
acknowledgement of the receipt of the
draft for $273.36, and further we note
that Mrs. Corinne True will be pleased
to send us the actual receipt for the said
amount, for which we express our thanks
in anticipation.
As the above sum of remittance was
contributed from the various sources and
different assemblies, we beg to move the
Exalted Board that its Honorable mem-
bers will kindly record the following ac-
count for the future references.
Contributions from the following
Bahai Assemblies:
Mandalay (Burma)  . . . .
..374 rupees
Chittagong (BengalRangoon (Burma..137
Kungyangon (Burma) .. . . .200
CC
Ci

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
..76O 
In conveying you and to all our be-
loved friends in America our best Bahai
loving-greetings, we express our deepest
affection from all friends in Burma to
the dear friends in America, and pray-
ing earnestly with you at the Holy
Threshold, that the Divine Will may
speedily become realized and that com-
posure and happiness may penetrate the
affairs of the nations.
Although your kind note was addressed
to our beloved brother and teacher, Mr.
Syed Mustafa, we sought this privilege
to communicate to you through him,
as the object is one and the spirit of
love, unity and oneness is the same.
We hope that you will always write to
us, for which we thank you and all
beloved friends in anticipation.
We are your humble brothers and sis-
ters in the Holy Covenant,
Syecl Mus-tafa
for the Bahai Assembly, Mandalay.

