90 STAR OF
Praise be to God, that with your soul
and with your heart you are striving
to guide the children. Appreciate the
importance of this favor, that you have
been assisted to do such a work, for the
result of the spreading of the Cause of
God is eternal exaltation. It is as when
a man sows a pure seed in pure soil
and it grows through the sho-wers from
the clouds of mercy of the Educator.
Consider what a blessing will be brought
forth.
(Tablet to Mrs. F. G., 1914.)
TWO TYPES OF CHILDREN
Abdul-Baha said: "Baha'o'llah de-
clared that children are of two kinds--
the mature and the immature. The ma-
ture are the children of believers, and
the immature, of unbelievers. Some at-
tain to the highest station because they
are so well prepared that they can enter
the highest station without prep-
aration. When we see a child wise be-
yond his years, it is a sign of this
preparation; so We cannot question the
justice of this. All are created in the
same station by the justice of God, but if
some of these have become prophets and
some teachers, this is from the favors
and bounty of God."
"We must be guided entirely by the
intelligence and development of the
child as to how soon we should begin to
teach it.
woman reaches her maturity at
the age of twenty and must then cer-
tainly receive the full teaching.
"Many a child of -ten is sufficiently
developed and advanced to receive some
teaching and some are ready for it at
the age of eight or nine.
"The great thing that is necessary to
teach children is to b-e characterized with
the attributes of God and to be good.
Their hearts and minds must be 'pre-
pared to receive the truth as soon as they
are old enough to be taught anything--
THE WEST
but children should not be taught facts
and details which they may not speak
of openly to their fellows and com-
panions. They must on no account allow
their children to drink wine or alcoholic
drinks."
Abdul-Baha spoke of the Druses, who
never drank Wine or smoked, and as a
consequence were quite free from many
diseases.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Star of the
West, Vol. 7, No. 15, p. 142.)
 
BAHAI METHODS: TEACH THEM
IN THROUGH SPEECH,
I NOT BOOKS
Among these children'many blessed
souls will arise if they be trained ac-
cording to the Bahai teaching. If a
plant is carefully nurtured by a garden-
er it will become good and produce bet-
ter fruit. These children should be given
a good training from their earliest child-
hood. They should be given a systematic
training which will further their devel-
opment in order that they may receive
greater insight, so that their spiritual
receptivity may be broadened. Beginning
in childhood, they should receive in-
struction. They cannot be taught through
books. Many elementary sciences should
be made clear to them in the nursery;
they should learn them in play, in
amusement. Most ideas must be taught
them through speech, not by book-learn-
ing. One child should question the other
concerning these things, and the other
child should give the answer. In this
Way they will make great progress. For
example, mathematical problems should
be taught in the form of questions and
answers. One of the children asks a
question and the other should give the
answer. Later on the childrenwill of their
own accord converse with one another on
these subjects. The children who are at
the head of their class should receive
premiums. They should be encouraged
and when any one of them shows good
advancement for further development

