STAR OF THE WEST 85
ye beloved of God and ye maid-
servants of the Merciful! Teaching and
learning, according to the decisive texts
of the Blessed Beauty (Baha'o'llah), is
a duty. Whosoever is indifferent therein
depriveth himself of the great bounty.
Beware! Beware! that ye fail not in
this matter. Endeavor with heart, with
life to train your children, especially the
daughters. No excuse is acceptable in
this matter.
Thus may eternal glory and everlast-
ing supremacy like unto the mid-day
sun shine forth in the assemblage of the
people of Baha and the heart of Abdul-
Baha become happy a.nd thankful.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Book of Tab-
lets, Vol. page 577.)

EDUCATION OF WOMEN MORE
IMPORTANT THAN THAT
OF MEN
In this day there are certain women
among the Bahais who far surpass men.
They are wise, perfected, well informed,
very progressive, most intelligent and
the glory of men. They are far more
courageous than men. When they speak
in meetings the men listen to them with
great "respect. Furthermore, the educa-
tion of Women is much more important
than the education of men, for these
daughters will be mothers, a.nd mothers
rear the children. The first teachers of
children are mothers. Therefore, they
must be in a state 0-f utmost perfection
in order to be able to educate the sons.
There are many provisions by Baha'o'-
llah in regard to this.
Therefore, Baha'o'llah promulgated
oneness of education, that is the need of
one curriculum for both men and
women. Daughters and sons must fol-
low the same form of study and the
same education. Having one course of
education promotes unity among man-
kind. I/Vhen all mankind shall receive
the same education a.nd the equality of
men and Women be realized the founda-
tions of Warfare will be utterly .de-
stroyed.
(Star of the West, Vol. 5, No. 7, p.
101.)
 i_i,
THE TIE BETVVEEN HUSBAND
AND WIFE
As to thy question concerning the
husband and Wife, the tie bet-ween them,
and the children given to them by God,
know thou, verily, the husband is one
who has sincerely" turned unto God, is
awakened by the call of the Beauty of
El-Baha and chants the verses of one-
ness in the great assemblies. The wife
is a being who wishes to be overflowing
with and seeks after the attributes of
God and His names; and the 'tie between
them is no other than the Word of God.
Verily, it (the Word of God) causes
the multitudes to assemble together, and
the remote ones to be united. Thus the
husband and Wife are brought into
affinity, are united and harmonized, even
as though they were one person.
Through their mutual union, com-
panionship and love great results are
produced in the World, both material
and spiritual. The spiritual result is
the appearance of divine bounties. The
material result is the children who are
born in the cradle of the love of God,
who are nurtured by the breast of the
knowledge of God, are brought up in
the bosom of the gift of God and are
fostered in the lap of the training of
God. Such children are those of whom
it was said by Christ: "Verily, they
are the children of the Kingdom."
Consequently, thou maid-servant of
God, reach the maid-servants of the Mer-
ciful One, and tell them from the tongue
of Abdul-Baha: maid-servants of the
Merciful! It is incumbent upon you
to train the children from their earliest
babyhood! It is incumbent upon you
to beautify their morals! It is incum-
bent upon you to attend to them under
all aspects and circumstances! Inas-

