STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall Become one in
faith and all rnen as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strength-
ened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless
strifes; these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IX Sharaf 1, 74 (December 31, 1918) No. 16
Stories Children Should Know
Compiled from the Words of Baha'o'llah and Abdul-Baha to assist Parents and Teachers
in the Education of Sequel to "Bahai Methods of Education,"
in the current Volume of the "Star of the West"
BY PAULINE A. HANNEN
Stories about Baha'0'llah
INCIDENT IN CHILDHOOD
OF 
Revealed by in a Tablet.
WHEN this youth was a child and
had not yet reached the age of
maturity, one of my brothers intended
to marry in Teheran and, according to
the custom of that country, for seven
days and nights they were engaged in
feasting and banqueting.
The program for the last day of the
entertainment for the guests was the
play of the "Sultan Salim." The min-
isters, the grandees and officials of the
city were there in a great throng, and
this youth was sitting in one of the gal-
leries of this building and was observ-
ing the scenes.
Then they raised a great tent in the
midst of the court; representations of
human forms, only a few inches in
height, would come out of the tent and
cry: "The king is coming, arrange the
seats in order!" Then the other figures
came out, sweeping the ground, while a
number were sprinkling the streets with
water; then another picture was pre-
sented, who was supposed to be the her-
ald, acquainting the people to be ready
for review for his majesty the sultan.
Then the ministers came, with hat and
shawl, according to the Persian custom;
others were present with clubs While a
number of others were garbed as cham-
berlains, aides-de-camp, ferrashes and
executioners with instruments of pun-
ishment. All these men were lined ac-
cording to their stations and class. At
last the king appeared, with sovereign
power and shining diadem upon his
head and with splendor and glory
walked slowly and majestically, and
with perfect calmness, tranquillity and
composure, seated himself upon the
throne. At that moment the noise of
the guns and the music of the national
anthem was raised, and the smoke sur-
rounded the tent and the king. When
the air was cleared, it was seen that the
king was on his throne, and the minis-
ters and magistrates and secretaries had
taken their places according to their
rank. Immediately a thief, captured by
the Police, was brought before the king,
and a royal order was issued to behead
him. Then the chief of the executioners
took the captive and decapitated him,
and a red fluid, which was like blood,
was seen by all the spectators. While
the sultan was seen consulting with
some of his ministers, the news was
brought in that a certain person had
(Continued on page 182)

