STAR OF THE WEST 109
but it is hard to put them into action.
Twenty years ago, this thought, that
they must go out to teach as the disci-
ples of Christ had done, was widespread
among the Christians. Three or four
persons went forth, but they could not
endure it for more than two or three
months."
One of the believers asked Abdul-
Baha to explain what is meant by the
special indulgence (in the Kwltab-ch
Alsdas) during the holidays. To this he
replied: "Bad conduct or deeds are
not allowed at any time and especially
during the Feast. But those are the
days of happiness, days of joy and glad-
ness. This is from the verses that shall
be known afterwards. For example, it
is bad not to work on other days, but in
these days of feasts, work must be
abandoned. But it does not mean that
it is permissible to drink liquor or com-
mit immoral deeds. Those days are the
days of forgiveness and pardon, days of
cheer and enjoyment, days of affection
and attraction, days of blessings. Such
deeds as may become the cause of the
illumination of the world of humanity
must be manifested by man."
To some of the visitors who were
leaving for Haifa, Abdul-Baha said:
"God willing, ye shall be always under
the protection of the Truth. In your
behalf, I seek favor and bounty from the
Blessed Beauty, Rest ye assured. I
am happy that ye shall be confirmed in
everything. I am pleased with ye and
shall never forget ye. Convey the
wonderful Abha greetings to every one
of the friends of God. Call them to
steadfastness and firmness in the Cause
of God so that the calamities and hard-
ships may not become the cause of their
relaxation. Should the sea of tests be-
come almost overwhelming, it must not
have any effect upon them. Consider ye
that after His Holiness the Spirit
(Christ), the disciples did not stop for
a moment nor did they choose rest for
themselves. They strove night and day.
Then it is evident how 'much we must
show self-sacrifice, service and steadfast-
ness to the Most Holy Threshold! If the
disciples had not been firm, after the de-
parture of His Holiness the Christ, his
Cause would have been utterly effaced
and made non-existent. Now, the friends
of God must be likewise firm and exer-
cise effort and zeal in teaching the Cause
of God. They may rest assured that
the safety, protection, confirmation and
assistance of the Blessed Beauty shall
reach them. They must not be shaken
by anything. Night and day, I pray in
their behalf."
Mr. E. Newman, one of the best
known and most eloquent American lec-
turers, who spends five months of the year
traveling in different countries, collect-
ing the moving picture photographs of
famous people and places to accompany
his talks, came to the Holy Land in
1914. He went to Aoca to visit Abdul-
Baha. Not finding him there, he pro-
ceeded to Tiberias, where he and his
party of two men and one lady, met and
talked with Abdul-Baha. They asked
questions about the purpose of the Bahai
Religion, to which Abdul-Baha replied:
"The purpose of this Cause is the inves-
tigation of Reality and the oneness of all
religions. accepted fifty
years of banishment, persecution and im-
prisonment for these divine principles.
Now, praise be to God, His teachings
have illumined the horizons of the East,
delivered the souls and minds from
worthless limitations, elevated the signs
of guidance and united the East and the
"Test with a spiritual power."
Among a number of Persian believers
who came to see Abdul-Baha, was one
from the city of Yezd, Where (some
years ago) a great number of Bahais
had been martyred. Abdul-Baha in-
quired about the friends in Yezd and
Teheran saying; "How are the friends
of God? Are they enkindled and at-
tracted"? Those souls who arose against
the Cause and brought about dissensions

