STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Deai-born Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 19ll, at theipost oflitle at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of7March 3. 1879
Editorial ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Memlver--MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Terms: $1.50 per year; 1_0 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add sufiicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! ma IS 
Be thou happyl Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continiie to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country ofAmer1ea. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the_ leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, _in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--ancl at
last thou shalt become the first papier of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Aams.
Vol. IX i Sultan 1, 74- (January 19, 1919) No 17
Recent ablct revealed for Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
granting permission to come to America
To the STAR on THE WESTjust in receipt of a letter from Shogi R-abanni, in which he
quotes the Tablet which Mirza Ahmad Sohrab Will bring with him to America,
the original being in the Master's hand. I think it would be Well to publish
this in the STAR as soon as possible, so that all may know of his coming With
permission, as I have heard this question raised, not in a spirit of criticism,
probably, but in view of the Warnings about receiving Orientals. The Tablet
reads as follows:
"His honor, Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, has been permitted to leave for
America, that there, God Willing, he may engage in service. I beg
God that he may be assisted in Servitiide to the Holy Threshold.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS. 
\Vith greetings and kindest regards, I am,
Cordially yours,
os. H. Hanna-n.
Letter from Mirza Ahmad Sohrab to the Editor of
the Christian Commonwealth, London
(Also sent for publication to the STAR or THE WEST.)
Haifa, Palestine, December 2, 1918.
Dear Sir:
Probably it is impossible to express in so many Words the feeling of a man
who has been compelled to live for years in a dark, Wet and narrow cell, with no
companion except the four Walls and the occasional visits of the rude and cruel

