214 STAR OF
jewels of the Kingdom, follow me." He
followed Christ till they joined the apos-
tles. Then addressing his disciples, he
introduced to them his new follower: 
have had a treasure which was hidden
in this village. I have just now un-
earthed it. Here is my treasure."
(Told by Abdul-Baha. From Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, July 3, 1914.)
 
USTIOE.
A certain ruler wished to appoint one
of- his subjects to a high office, so in or-
der to train him, the ruler cast him into
prison and caused him to suffer much.
The man was surprised at this for he
expected great favors. The ruler had
THE WEST
him taken from prison and beaten with
sticks. This greatly astonished the man
for he thought the ruler loved him. After
this he was hanged on the gallows until
he was nearly dead. After he recovered
he asked the ruler: "If you love me,
Why did you do all this?" The ruler
replied: wish to make you Prime
Minister. By having gone through these
ordeals you are better fitted for that of-
fice. I wish you to know how it is your-
self-. When you are obliged to punish,
you will know how it feels to endure
these things. I love you so that I wish
you to become perfect."
God sometimes causes us to suffer
much and to have many misfortunes that
we may become strong in His Cause.
(Words of Abdul-Baha, Oct. 10, 1912.)
Story told by Mirza Abul Fazl--An incident in his prison life
LONGING FOR OM.
When he was imprisoned in Teheran
with eleven others, there was an old
man among them by the name of Mirza
Mohammed Reza. He was Well known
for three rare qualities, firmness, fear-
lessness and truthfulness. He defied all
the prison authorities by his courage;
awed all the enemies by his firmness and
set at naught the intrigues of all the
foes through his truthfulness. "When-
ever," Mirza Abul Fazl said, "one of
the ministers of the court, Hajeb-Ed-
Dowleh, came to the prison to investi-
gate the conditions of some one, Mirza
Mohammed Reza would run to him and
keep on talking into his ears for a few
minutes with great earnestness. Finally
Hajeb-Ed-Dowleh would turn to him and
with a despairing look say: "Sir, this
is impossible. I cannot do it. Why did
you not ask the Prince Nayeb-Os-Sul-
taneh about itauthority." At last one day
we asked him, "What is this you are
constantly asking the Hajeb-Ed-Dowleh
whenever he comes to the prison, and
which he so emphatically refuses you?"
He said: ask and plead with him to
sentence me to death. I tell him I am
an old man; I am of no good to the
world. I want to bathe my body in
blood for the sake of 
Please! Please! I beg' of you to do
something for me. Is this too much of
a favor that I ask of you"? Are you not
kind enough to fulfill this last Wish of
an old man? Praise be to God, that you
are an influential man-but he does not
listen to me, and answers me loudly the
way you have all heard." At another
time the chief of the jailers passed by
him and scornfully pointed out his long
hair. "Why do you keep your hair so
long? What for?" he asked, and
laughed. Mirza Mohammed Reza asked
him: "What is that insignia on thy
breast?" "It is the sign of my office,"
he answered, with great flourish. "So is
he pointed to his hair--"the
sign of a Bahai!"
(From Diary of Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab, Aug. 4, 1918.)

