STAR OF THE WEST 181
equal fire of sacrifice enkindle the hearts
of the American friends u11til they raise
the last hundred-thousand and invite the
Master to come to our shores, prepare
the plans and lay the foundation? Then
will our hearts through all the ages of
eternal life throb with joy that we sacri-
ficed our money, our comforts, our time,
our love to build the temple in the days
of the Covenant.
Mashrekol-azkar Day--Receipts for November and
December Building Fund
At the New York city Mashrekol-
azkar Convention it was recommended
"that upon selected days, to be fixed by
the Executive Board, meetings be held
by each local assembly at which all shall
be welcome, and the endeavor be to ac-
quaint the friends and all interested in
the establishment of a universal spirit-
ual Edifice, with the purpose, meaning
and importance of the Mashrekol-azkar
however, that His Holiness
the Centre of the Covenant, shall first
approve of the fixing of these uniform
dates by the Executive Board." (STAR
or THE Wnsr, Vol. 4, No. 8, p. 146.)
In reply to their supplication the fol-
lowing from Abdul-Baha was received:
"If you appoint a special day of every
is, the ninth day of every
montl1--for consultations regarding the
Mashrekol-azkar, it Will be favorable."
(STAR OF THE Vol. 4, No. 9, p.
160.)
Recently such a fragrant meeting was
held by the Chicago Assembly on that
day, that the Financial-Secretary wishes
to remind the readers of the STAR or
THE of the above important facts,
and urge the friends throughout Amer-
ica to commemorate the ninth day of
each month as Mashrekol-azkar day,
thus stimulating the great work for
the erection of the Mashrekol-azkar.
Balance, November 1st, 1918 . . . . . . . . .
. $128,689.88
Received during November . . . . . . . . . . .
. . 2,176.41
Received during December . . . . . . . . . . .
. . 4,139.14
Total January 1st, 1919 . . . . . . . . . .

Corinne True, Financial Secretary.
The Teaching Campaign
The teachers are starting forth to scat-
ter broadcast the seeds of the Kingdom.
In the great progressive West, Mrs. Brit-
tingham and Mrs. Killius and others
have been spreading in new districts the
divine seed ever since the five teaching
Tablets reached America. So have Mrs.
Maxwell, Miss Jack, Mr. Gregory, Mr.
Tate, Mr. Remey, Mrs. Hoagg, Mother
Beecher and others in the East and
North and South. Miss Jack is soon to
leave Chicago for Winnipeg. Mr. Vail
is arranging a series of visits to new
cities and districts in the Central West.
Mr. Remey is soon to start for a long
journey through the South. With great
joy will the STAR or THE receive
and publish news of the activities of the
teachers in America and the world and
the glad tidings of "the majestic on-
ward march of the Cause of God" in
these the dawning hours of the King-
dom of the Most Great Peace among all
peoples and nations.
A. R. V.

