STAR OF THE WEST Z29
pledge of sonship. She always directed
my sentiments and deeds towards the
heights of nobility and truthfulnesssource of inspiration
and consolation in all my affairs. If I
desired to do something, I consulted
with her, and she never failed in giving
me good, elevating advice or when she
travelled or I was away we corresponded
together. And now that she is living in
the Supreme Concourse, I feel every day
her supporting mother-love and her
solicitude about my welfare. From
many standpoints she was a unique
teacher.
she was one of the earliest
believers in America who, enkindled
with the fire of God's love, travelled
extensively and called the people to the
Kingdom.
Secondly, she was amongst the very
first pilgrims who came to Acca and re-
ceived the blessings of the Master. Her
verbal account of that first glorious pil-
grimage was enough to convince anyone
of the validity of this dispensation.
Thirdly, she was strictly speaking a
disciple of the Master, taught by him and
educated by him and sent out by him as
an ordained teacher.
she travelled throughout the
continents of America, Europe, Asia and
Africa to spread the Wo1"d of God and
diffuse the fragrances of the flowers of
truth.
in this Cause we have two
kinds of teachers. The first are those
who teach new souls and spread the
Cause in new environments, the second
are those who work amongst the be-
lievers. Lua belonged to the first order
of teachers.
she taught many important
souls, and her pupils, both men and
women, in the United States and Canada,
are numerous--pupils who are zealous
and active, carrying along her work of
spiritual illumination with intelligence
and enthusiasm.
she was one of the very
few souls who visited the Holy Land
seven or eight times, lived in the blessed
household for months at a time, and was
considered as one of the members of the
holy family, one of the daughters of
Abdul-Baha.
she was the one living be-
liever who visited the Shah of Persia
years ago in Paris and interceded in
behalf of the friends of his kingdom.
her faith in this Revelation
was perfect, her heart was a treasure of
the jewels of the Kingdom, her tongue
was eloquent in the praise of the Lord,
her consciousness mirrored forth the rays
of the Sun of Reality and her aim and
object was for no other than the teach-
ing of the Cause and the glorification
of truth.
On the evening of December 2-1st,
when the believers were in the presence
of the Beloved in Haifa, I begged him to
reveal a Tablet of Visitation in her
honor, as a celestial token of her services.
A translation of it is enclosed herewith.
Hoping that all may be inspired
through her self-sacrificing example,
I am,
Your sincere servant,
Ahmad Solzmb.
Words of Abdul-Baha
Supplication for the attracted maid-servant of God, Lua, who ascended to the
Supreme her be greeting and praise!
HE Is Goo I
Lord! Lord! Verily Thy maid-servant Who was attracted with the
fragrances of Thy Holiness, enkindled with the fire of Thy Love, the herald
of Thy Name, the spreader of Thy Signs amongst Thy to
Thee with humility and lowliness, trusting in Thee with all her heart, liberated

