STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened,
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So 1t shall be; these fruitless strifes;
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IX Jamal 1, 74 (April Z8, 1918) No. 3
Talks by Abdul-Baha in the Holy Land--Continued
TRANSLATED BY DR. ZIA 1V[l- BAGDADI
The following compilation of some of the utterances of Abdul-Baha after his
return to the Holy Land from America, Europe and Egypt, is the second
published under this heading--the first appeared in issue No. 2 page 17
THE DEATH OF MIRZA ABUL-FAZL
TODAY very sad news has been
received. He was indeed a very
glorious personage. In every way
he was unequalled. It is impossible for
a person to be perfect in all things.
His honor Agha Mirza Hayder Ali
must Write his life history.
In reality, he was in the utmost sev-
erance, in the utmost firmness and
steadfastness in the Cause o-f God. He
was detached from all things-. From
the day this person became a believer
until this day, he was engaged in serv-
ice in the Cause of God. He was en-
gaged either in giving the Message or
in Writing. He was never attached to
this World.
How learned he Was and studious of
books! He Was familiar with every na-
tion. With the precepts of all religions
he was acquainted. He was my part-
ner and participant in the servitude of
the holy threshold.
During the days of sorrow, he was
my consolation. I had perfect con-
fidence in him. Every Written criti-
cism of the Cause I used to refer to him
and he Wrote the answer.
How humble and meek he Was! No
matter how much We insisted that this
person take a servant for himself, he
refused, that he might serve the friends
and give them tea. All friends and
strangers, when they Went to his home,
he used to serve. Although his body
Was Weak, sick, feeble and feverish, he
used to stand and make tea. All his
thoughts were directed to making his
visitors pleased and happy at any rate.
During all this time I did not hear
from him the Word--"I; I said 01- I
Wrote." He used to say, submitted
to them; I submitted to the friends."
Never a Word was uttered by him, say-
ing, have knowledge," or have
experience." He was indeed elfaced
and selfless. He Was self-sacrificing at
the holy threshold. The odor of exist-
ence could not be inhaled from him.
A great Wisdom necessitated his pass-
ing. There is nothing to do but to ex-
ercise patience. Hovv many a man equals
a thousand men!
All the friends of God should gather
together and pray at the holy tomb of
the Bab and I Will pray here.
(Talk upon Mirza Abul-Fazl given by
Abdul-Baha, in his home, at Haifa
January 21, 1914).


