128 STAR OF THE WEST
in perfect accord with the lovers of lib-
erty, that I had communicated with
them and was working against the des-
potic government. But when liberty was
proclaimed they changed the issue and
arose with a different calumny-. Thus in
their report they have written that Ab-
dul~Baha writes in his letters that Ab-
dul-I-Iamid was oppressed, and says the
same thing of the Sultan of Persia; that
he encourages and urges the friends to
take refuge among the Russians and the
British. God be exalted! Abdul-Hamid
imprisoned the Blessed Beauty for
twenty-five years. He imprisoned me
during all of his reign (Abdul-I-Iainid
succeeded to the throne of the Turkish
Empire in 1876 and was deposed in
1908). The Blessed Beauty in the Book
of Alcdas, clearly stated concerning him
that he was an oppressor king, in these
words, thou point (Constantinople)
situated between the two seas (the Black
and Marmara. seas), veri].y, the throne of
oppression is set on thee.'
"The Society of Union and Progress
became the cause of my liberation. Witli
all of this, how could I say that Abdul-
Hamid was oppressed"? The truth is
that the lovers of liberty became the
cause of safety to thousands of souls.
Problems of this kind arose because my
intention was that, perhaps, God Willing,
I might become confirmed in service to
the Holy Threshold. I did not pay any
attention to those reports. I went to
Europe and America, and traveled in all
of the cities. Through the assistance and
bounty of the Blessed Beauty, the call
to the Kingdom of Abh.a was heralded,
and the teachings publicly given. The
blessed Cause was proclaimed in temples,
churches, meetings and gatherings. No
place Was omitted. Although I was in
the utmost weakness, yet the confirma-
tions of the Blessed Beauty Were con-
tinuous when I addressed the people and
turned to the Kingdom of Abha. I often
spoke for one or two hours without ceas-
ing. Although all of us are like par-
ticles, the light of the Blessed Beauty
is like unto the rays of the sun. Every
particle that falls in sunshine, becomes
radiant and grows. Our growth is like
the growth of the particles in sunshine.
The purpose is that the bounty of the
Blessed Beauty is so extensive as to be
indescribable. 
Then, after reciting a beautiful poem
of love for Abdul-B-aha
continued:
"The breaths of the blessed confirma-
tions were so effective that they melted
the hearts and caused the souls to
rejoice in the divine glad tidings. On
our own part, it was only an activity
similar to a death struggle. Thanks be
to God! A seed was planted in the gar-
dens of the hearts that is growing
throughout eternity. Blessed souls be-
came enkindled, attracted and arose to
serve until we returned to the Holy
Threshold in the utmost joy and happi-
ness. Thanks be to God! The friends of
God from all regions came to the Holy
Threshold and we met and associated
with them. From the light in their faces
their hearts are reflected. Assurance is
obtained that these souls are self-sacri-
ficing in the path of the Blessed Beauty.
They have no aim save His good pleas-
ure; they have no thought save spread-
ing I-Iis fragrances; in the utmost en-
kindlement they gathered around the
circulating place of the Supreme Con-
course; they touched the Thresholds of
the Holy Spot (tomb of 
and the Supreme Threshold (the tomb
of the Bab) with their heads, and jour-
neyed to their countries. I am hopeful
that from their return, great results and
glorious signs may be manifest. Now that
you are going away (referring to Mirza
Ali Akbar and others) you must go like-
wise with divine power, spiritual glad
tidings and attractions.
(Continued on page 129)

