228 STAR OF THE WEST
Words of Abdul-Baha
To the maid-servant of God, Sarah Gertrude Harris, New York City.--Upon her
be 
Ha Is Goo!
thou my beloved daughter!
Your letter dated November 13th was received. Its contents occasioned
infinite grief, for it spoke of the ascension of that illumined youth. In-deed in
the rose-garden of God that young man was like unto a shrub in its utmost
freshness and promising good fruits. Whoever h.as seen him or heard him has
undoubtedly been shocked and grieved at the news of his passing away.
However, although that peerless shrub has sought separation from the
woods of the nether world, yet, it has appeared fully adorned and resplendent in
the rose-garden of the world on-high in the Abha Paradise. That divine bird
has flown away from this mortal and nest, has ascended to the Kingdom
of Godand has been engaged in singing the sweet melodies of praise and thanks-
giving on the lordly branches in the rose-garden of the Merciful. Happyvis
he and blessed in his abode! He has reaped the result of life and has become
a fruitful tree. Grieve not therefore for his death and be not depressed.
With regard to his life insurance, act in accordance with his will. I have
perused his letter and have supplicated for him from the Threshold of Oneness
an exalted station . . . . .
The relatives who are here all convey to you their longing greeting.
Upon thee be 
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Arms.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, January 28, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)
SUPPLICATION FOR LUA GETSINGER
Haifa, December 18, 1918.
My dear brother Joseph:
This is copy of a letter and_t-ranslation
of Tablet about Lua. I am afraid you
have not received it. Please make copies
of the same and forward to various As-
semblies and ask the STAR or THE 
to publish it in its columns.
Your faithful brother,
Ahmad Sohrab.
Home of Acca, Syria,
February 8, 1917.
My dear brothers and sisters in the
Cause:
It was one afternoon of the month of
September, 1916, when the Master was
sojourning along the shore of the Sea
of Galilee, that we received the sad
news of the death of the beloved Lua.
No one could believe it. \Vhen the
Center of the Covenant heard about it
he was deeply affected and felt more
than any one of us her great loss.
Since that day I have heard him more
than a hundred times exclaiming with a
moving voice: "What a loss! What a
loss! What a loss!" In this short let-
ter I cannot reproduce all the words he
utteredabout her, but I can say that all
the believers mourned for her and re-
gretted her departure most sincerely.
We know full well that her purified spirit
freed from the fetters of water and
clay soared to the Kingdom of Glory
and received the reward of her services
to the Cause of God! In a Tablet re-
vealed years ago, the Master gave her to
me as a 'mother, and from that time on I
tried always to fulfill this heavenly

