STAR OF THE WEST 149
Abha--the Branch of branched forth from the Sadrat-et-Montaha.
Blessed is whosoever sought shelter beneath It and is of those who rest therein.
Say: Verily, the Branch of Command hath sprung forth from this Root
which God hath firmly planted in the ground of the Will, the Limb of which has
been elevated to a station which encompasses all existence. Therefore, exalted
be He for this Creation, the Lofty, the Blessed, the Inaccessible, the Mighty!
ye people! Draw nigh unto It [The Branch referred to in this Tablet both
as "It" and and taste the fruits of Its Knowledge and Wisdoin on the
part of the Mighty, the Knowing One. Vtlhosoever will not taste thereof shall be
deprived of the Bounty, even though he hath partaken of all that is in the earth
--were ye of those who know.
Say: Verily, a Word hath gone forth in favor from the Most Great Tablet
and God has adorned It with the Mantle of Himself, and made It Sovereign over
all in the earth and a Sign of His Grandeur and Omnipotence among the creatures;
in order that, through It, the people shall praise their Lord, the Mighty, the
Powerful, the Wise; and that, through It, they shall glorify their Creator and
sanctify the Self of God which standeth within all things. Verily, this is naught
but a Revelation upon the part of the VVise, the Ancient One!
Say: people, praise ye God, for Its Manifestation [the Branch], for verily
It [the Branch] is the Most Great Favor upon you and the Most Perfect blessing
upon you; and through Him every mouldering bone is quickened. Wliosoever
turns to Him hath surely turned unto God, and whosoever turneth away from
Him hath turned away from My Beauty, denied My Proof and is of those who
transgress. Verily, He is the Remembrance of God amongst you and His Trust
within you, and His Manifestation unto you and His Appearance among the
servants who are nigh. Thus have I been commanded to convey to you the
Message of God, your Creator; and I have delivered to you that of which I was
commanded. Whereupon, thereunto testifieth God, then His Angels, then His
Messengers, and then His Holy Servants.
Inhale the fragrances of the Rizwan from His roses and be not of those who are
deprived. Appreciate the Bounty of God upon you and be not veiled therefrom
--and, verily, \lVe have sent Him forth in the temple of man. Thus praise
ye the Lord, the Originator of whatsoever He willeth through His wise and
inviolable Command!
Verily, those who withhold themselves from the Shelter of the Branch are
indeed lost in the wilderness of perplexity; and are consumed by the heat of
self-desire, and are of those who perish.
Hasten, people, unto the Shelter of God, in order that He may protect you
from the heat of the ay whereon none shall find for himself any refuge or
shelter except beneath the Shelter of His Name, the Clement, the Forgiving!
Clothe yourselves, people, with the garment of Assurance, in order that He
may protect you from the dart of doubts and superstitions, and that ye may
be of those who are assured in those days wherein none shall ever be assured and
none shall be firmly established in the Cause, except by severing himself from all
that is possessed by the people and turning unto the Holy and Radiant Outlook.
ye people! Do ye take unto yourselves the ebt* as a helper other than
God, and do ye seek the Taghooti' as a Lord besides your Lord the Almighty,
*An idol worshipped by the ancient Egyptians from which name Egypt was
derived. i_'Another idol.

