34 STAR OF THE WEST
within a few days (this refers to Napoleon This matter is well-known and
obvious to the public.
And some of his signs are the sublimity of his greatness; the supremacy of
his station; the immensity of his glory and the shining of his beauty in the
horizon of the prison (Acca). Then the heads bowed, the voices were silenced
and the faces were amazed at him. This is a proof that was not heard of in
past centuries.
And some of his signs are the performing of miracles, the appearance of
continuous and uninterrupted supernatural powers, like the bounty of his cloud
and the acknowledgment by the heedless of the penetration of his light. By
his life! the Cause is affirmed and clear to all who have come from all parties
to the presence of the Living, the Self-subsisting.
And some of his signs are the shining of the sun of his century, the rising
of the moon of his generation in the heaven of the supreme summit
of the centuries, with exigencies, knowledge and arts that astonished the horizons,
amazed the minds and became known and famous.
Verily, this is at complete matter!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS I
(Translated by Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi, Chicago', February 14th, 1918.)
Talks by Abdul-Baha in the Holy Land--Continued
(Continued from page 31)
ful, compassionate and serve the world
of humanity. Consider the oneness of
the world of humanity, because ye are
all of one tree and the fruits of one
branch.' Then it became evident to the
governments and nations of the world
that the Bahais are the essence of sanc-
tity, lovers of peace and of safety, kind
to all sects, faithful, truthful, harmless,
patient, loyal and fruitful. Should poi-
son be given to them (the Bahais) they
will return honey. Should they be
wounded, they will give in return a
healing salve. If they hear curses and
execrations, they send their prayers. In
all of their aims, they only purpose the
good of the creatures. They seek only
the good pleasure of the Truth. They
have no hope other than service and uni-
versal peace. Their happiness is only
in the oneness of the world of hu-
manity."
Afterwards, Abdul-Baha inquired
about the health of the pilgrims, who
came from Yezd, Persia, and gave the
following utterances: "The friends of
Yezd suffered great calamities. They
experienced severe tests, the greatest
tests possible. Notwithstanding the firm-
ness and steadfastn-ess of these friends,
the people of violation and of instability,
thought that they could promulgate
doubt among these upright people.
They believed that they could bring
about corruption in the Cause, destroy
the oneness and unity of the friends and
bring humiliation to the Covenant of
God, claiming, 'That the Blessed Beauty
has favored us also.' They did not see
that those favors were only in the rela-
tion of the souls to the Cause o-f God and
that, when that relationship became sev-
ered and when the command was dis-
obeyed, these favors vanished. Of what
value, in itself, is the black stone (in
Mecca)? But because it was given a

