118 STAR OF
a while, Abdul-Baha said: "We are
continually working hard, writing and
writing, encouraging and urging so that
the fire of the love of God may be ig-
nited in the hearts. Then suddenly you
see one come and put it out."
On the subject of the Covenant,
Abdul-Baha said: "Endeavor ye night
and day that the banner of the Covenant
may Wave as it should, in those regions.
For in this day, the souls reverberate
by the power of the Covenant. They be-
come enlivened by the spirt of the Gove-
nant. They move by the call of the
Covenant, otherwise they become de-
pressed and inactive as a body without
a soul, a lamp without a. light."

June 18, 1914.
The following is a tablet revealed by
Abdul-Baha today, to the friends in
Boston:
"If the tablets of the Blessed Beauty
such as the Hidden
Words, Isltroltat, To-jelleyat, Glad Tid-
ings, Tomcat and the 'Words are read
and one of the divine exhortations lived
up to man attains to the degree of per-
fection. He becomes the center of merci-
ful susceptibilities, the source of human
perfection and the lights of the Kingdom
will shine from his face and character."
Then Abdul-Baha walked in his room
and looking from the Window, said,
"During the days of youth, man sees
the pictures of life in all things wher-
ever he looks, but, as his age advances,
he sees the picture of death in every-
thing and that all thingshave an end.
"When he looks at the trees he sees that
in the end they will dry up. When
he looks at the buildings, he sees
that finally they too, will be destroyed.
If he sees a thickly populated place, he
remembers that a time will come when it
will be devastated. Briefly, all things
inform man of an end."
Afterwards, Abdul-Baha spoke of the
He praised him
very much and said, "During the life-
THE WEST
time of the the
heart of the Blessed Beauty was in tran-
quillity for Isfahan (a city in Persia)."
Then he related a story, which briefly
was this, "One day, one of the opposers
hit a dog with a stone, cursed him and
called him names, hoping that by so
doing, he might bring sorrow to the
heart of the "Write
down in thy memorandum that half a
mann (mann, in Persian weight, is
seven and one-quarter pounds) must be
sent daily to this dog, because he was
hit by a stone and cursed for our sake,'
commanded the to
his servant. These are the souls who
'do not speak before He speaks and who
do according to His commands.' 
Then Abdul-Baha summoned the pil-
grims and spoke in detail about assem-
blies and gatherings in London and
Paris. He said: "There was a great
commotion in the souls upon hearing my
addresses. A seed was sown. God shall
make it grow. Undoubtedly, He will make
it grow. After 300 years, the seed that
was sown by the disciples (of Christ)
brought forth its fruit. But, in this day
the seeds that the friends of God plant,
grow in a short time. This is because
of the power of the Cause."
That afternoon, a feast was held at the
home of Abdul-Baha for the marriage of
Mirza Mooneer Zein with Essmat, daugh-
ter of Ebrahim Mashadi Fattah. These
were all of the old believers in Acca. Ab-
dul-Baha came in and after sitting in
silence for a few minutes, he said: "It is
one month and a ha.lf since I was in the
assembly of the friends. Now, things
are so arranged that I find myself again
in the gathering of the friends. Praise
be to God! In this day a double happi-
ness is obtained for the friends of God.
The first is that this meeting is held
near the Supreme Threshold (at the
tomb of the Bab) at the foot of Mt.
Carmel, in the utmost joy and fragrance.
Such a gathering, at such a place, in
the neighborhood of the Supreme

