STAR OF THE WEST 19
seeking, for a few minutes, the confirma-
tions. Then, knowing that the confirma-
tions of the Blessed Beauty were hover-
ing over that assembly, I would begin
to speak."
 
Talk by Abdul-Baha in his home, De-
cember 20th:
"Today I came down here. It was a
pleasant walk. Praise be to God, that,
through the favor and bounty of the
Blessed Beauty, I reached the holy
threshold. I had no other desire but to
reach here. Many nights I thought of
this wish. I saw that I did not want any
thing but this and for me there can
never be a better climate than we have
here. I traveled in many countries. I
went to the world's most famous cli-
mates, such as Dublin, New Hampshire,
the summer resort of Washington's gov-
ernment officials and statesmen. It is a
place of high altitude with many forest
trees; its climate is of the utmost deli-
cacy. Also, we went to Denver, Colo-
rado. Its climate is very good; it is a
beautiful city. Again, We were in Swit-
zerland, which is far famed, and in the
summer people from all regions go there.
Yet there is no climate like that of
Haifa. The climate of Acca is better
than that of Haifa, but these forts and
arsenals are connected together and are
very damp. If these are removed, its
climate will become excellent.
"When we first came here we were put
into the barracks. In ten or fifteen days
we began to fall like leaves because of
sickness. N0 one remained upon his feet
except myself and the late Agha Riza. I
used to cook a kettle of soup for them to
eat in the daytime and a kettle of rice
for the night. I saw Hadji Ali Asghar
with his eyes closed, crying, 'Neh-neh
jan, neh-neh jan' (Grandma dear,
grandma dear). I passed by him; he
opened his eyes and became very much
ashamed. His Wife, Hussein Agha's
mother, had fever and was saying, 'VVhat
is the matter with me On the other side,
Hussein Agha (Zeenat Khanum 's father)
was crying, 'Oh, 'my heart is inflamed.'
Briefly, all were ill in bed. There was
no one to give them water. This was the
condition of Acca's climate. Our guards
were ten in number. I saw nine of
them in bed. The wells of Acca were as
bitter as poison. Now they are sweet.
During the twenty-five years that the
Blessed Beauty lived in Acca there was
no illness. Four times there were epi-
demics of cholera all about Acca, even
coming very near, but they did not get
in. Four persons who left Acca fell
victims at its outer gates. When the
news came that the plague had reached
Haifa the Christian gentlemen of Acca
fled away. They went out to the villages.
The plague went there, too, and they
returned to Acca. The famous Austrian
doctor was asked, 'What happened that
the plague did not reach Acca?' At first,
he did not reply; afterwards he said,
that the forts and arsenals protected it.
Thus no sickness occurred in Acca until
the departure of Baha'o'llah. Then all
places except Acca became free from the
plague. All the Christians in Acca said,
'The talisman of Acca is shattered.'
"The signs of power and greatness
from the appearance of all the holy
Manifestations of my soul be
a sacrifice to them I--were evident only
to the believers. For example, in the
days of his holiness, Moses, he was
praised by those souls who were believ-
ers. In the days of the Spirit (Christ)
the cause was evident to eleven persons.
Likewise, in the days of his holiness
the Messenger, the greatness of the cause
was evident to the believers. But in
this Blessed Manifestation everybody
wrote incomparable poems during the
(days after Baha'o'llah's) departure. A
certain Christian said: Though I am not
a believer in Baha'o'llah, yet I find his
miracles like unto the sun.'
"In Bagdad, all the learned, sages,
great and high personages, among them
(Continued on page 23)

