STAR OF THE WEST 171
Tablets revealed by Abdul-Baha in the winter of 1916-17,
but just received in America.
TABLET TO JUANITA STORCH
(Revealed at Haifa, Syria, December
25, 1916, mailed but sent back from
Constantinople. Remailed when doors
of Holy Land were opened recently and
received in California, November 25,
1918.)
To Juanita Storch.
thou light of the love of God!
Thy detailed letter and also the second
one received. Both of them reflected the
luminous susceptibilities of a universal
consciousness, indicating that (Praise be
to God!) that beloved daughter has be-
come like unto a clear mirror, upon the
translucent surface of which is focussed
the beaming rays of the shining Orb of
this century and her heart and spirit is
so set aglow with the fire of the love of
God, that involuntarily and passionately
she is raising the call of the Kingdom
of God.
The darkness of the World of nature
has encompassed the kingdom of crea-
tion. In these tenebrous darknesses tre-
mendous calamities are hidden for man-
kind, except those souls who have drawn
light from the Sun of Reality. These
sanctified souls like unto the birds are
always soaring, and in the rose-garden
of Truth, ever singing songs and melo-
dies. Praise be to God, thou hast a
listening ear and didst hear the spiritual
lay of the Covenant from a hundred-
thousand miles! What a stirring an-
them is raised from the Supreme Con-
course !_for it imparts joy and exhilara-
tion to the hearts. The attracted hearts
are like unto harps and lyres from which
continually issues forth a rich stream of
harmonious colors, charming notes and
divine airs!
thou beloved daughter! Praise be
to God, that thou hast capacity and
worthiness, in order to become the maid-
servant of the Kingdom of God and in
the heavenly festival and spiritual so-
ciety thou mayst decorate the meeting
with the beauties of song and melody.
In the World of humanity the "Gom-
monwealth of the Kingdom" is being or-
ganized and from this "collective Gen-
ter," merciful emotions and light-
beaming rays are being diffused to all
directions. The love of God is the attrac-
tive force of this "Ultra-Cosmic-Gem
ter."
thou beloved daughter! At the time
when the Light of Reality shone forth
from the Mosaic dawning-place, the
Mount of Sinai became luminous; but
the hearts of the heedless ones remained
in intense darkness and they reproached
the blessed believing souls. Afterwards
they perceived that it was themselves
that merited contempt and censure.
Likewise, when the Word of God, His
Holiness Christ and His apostles up-
raised the flag of guidance and the Light
of Reality dawned, all the people abused
and scorned them, as the texts of the
Gospel bear testimony to this fact; nay
rather, they spat on the holy counte-
nance of Jesus Christ and ridiculed, in-
sulted and vilified Him. Later on, it be-
came manifest that He was the Light of
Truth and was bestowing the spirit of
eternal life. 'When in the Arabian
peninsula the light of prophethood shone
forth and His Holiness Mohammed
(Upon Him be peace} engaged His time
in the guidance of those barbarous peo-
ple, everyone reviled and calumniat-ed
Him. Their answer Was given by divine
revelation in the following Koranic
verse:
"Woe unto the servants! No prophet
cometh unto them, but they laugh him
to scorn!" Afterwards it became evi-
(Continued on page 173.';

