STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter npril 9, 1911, at HICVPOIC ofiice at Chicago, Illinois, underi the Act of March 3, 1879.
Editorial Stafl-- ALBERT R. WINDUST-- GERTRUDE BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary AHMAD Somme
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Order: payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U. S.A.
To personal checks please add sufficient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all 'communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, Box 283, Chicago,' 111., U. S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDULBAHA.
thou Star of the West! ma 1s cool
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of_ the
Bahals which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshalgable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume wi_l1 increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-w1de--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Anus.
Vol. IX Kalamat 1, 74 (]_uly 13, 1918) i if No.2
have made that poor babe a wanderer in
the Sahara of ignorance, unfortunate
and tormented to remain during a. life-
time a. captive of ignorance and pride,
negligent and without discernment.
Verily, if that babe depart from this
world at the age of infancy, it is sweeter
and better. In this sense, death is bet-
ter than life, deprivation than salvation,
non-existence lovelier than existence, the
grave better than the palace, and the
narrow, dingy tomb better than the spa-
cious, regal home, for in the sight of
mankind that child is abasod and de-
graded and in the sight of God weak
and defective. In gatherings it is
ashamed and humiliated and in the
arena of examination subdued and de-
feated by young and old. What a mis-
take is this! Who-t an everlasting
humiliation 
Therefore, the beloved of God and the
maid-servants of the Merciful must train
their children with life and heart and
teach them in the school of virtue and
perfection. They must not be lax in
this matter; they must not be inefficient.
Truly, if a babe did not live at all it
were better than to let it grow up igno-
rant, for that innocent babe, in later
life, would become alflicted with in-
numerable defects, responsible to "and
questioned by God, reproached and re-
jected by the people. What a sin this
would be and what an omission!
The first duty of the beloved of God
and the maid-servants of the Merciful is
this: they must strive by all possible
means to educate both sexes, male and
female; girls as well as boys; there is no
difference whatsoever between them.
The ignorance of both is 'blameworthy,
and negligence in both cases is reprov-
able. "Are they who know and they
who do not know equal?" (Koran).
The command is decisive concerning
both. In reality, the training and cul-
ture of daughters is more necessary
than that of sons, for these girls will
come to the station of motherhood and
will mould the lives of the children. The
first trainer of the child is the mother.
The babe, like unto a. green tender
branch will grow according to the way
it is trained. If it is trained, it
will gro-w if it is wrongly
trained the growth will be deformed and
thus it will remain until the end of life.
Hence it is firmly established that an
untrained and uneducated daughter on
becoming a mother will be the prime
factor in the deprivation, ignorance,
negligence and the lack of training of
many children.

