STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith a_nd all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be 
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So 1t shall be; these fruitless strifes;
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IX Rahmat 1, 74- (June 24, 1918) No. 6
Report of the Tenth Annual Convention
oi the Bahai Temple Unity 
Held at the Auditorium Hotel, Chicago,April 27th to 30th, 1918
TUESDAY AFTERNOON SESSION--Concluded
(Continued from page 72)
The Chairman: "The Ballot Com-
mittee is ready to report."
Mr. Scheffler announced the results of
the second ballot, 35 votes cast, Mr.
Randall receiving 18, Mrs. Rice-Wray
11, the balance scattering.
The Chairman: "The Chair declares
no election, therefore another ballot is
necessary."
Mrs. Hoagg: move that We take
the two names who have received the
largest number of votes and select one
of those two. This motion Was seconded
and carried."
The Chairman: "You Will vote in
this case for one person from the two
names receiving the highest vote on this
ballot, namely, Mr. Randall and Mrs.
Rice-Wray. 
There followed a discussion regarding
Mr. Vail's book shared in by Mrs. Ober,
Mrs. Gillen, Mr. Remey and Mrs. I-Ioagg.
It Was moved by Mrs. Ober and sec-
onded by Dr. Woolson that the Conven-
tion put itself on record as considering
that Mr. Vail's book entitled Heroic
Lives should not be recommended as a
text book for Bahai children.
Mrs. Hoagg called attention to the
existence of a very splendid compilation
for use of the children that had been
prepared by Mrs. Hannen had been
instructed by Abdul-Baha to carry on
this Work in the children's Sunday
school.
Dr. Bagdadi pointed out that every-
thing depended upon the authorization
of Abdul-Baha. If Abdul-Baha has not
authorized any publications then it is a
mistake to write any books and to pub-
lish them.
The Chairman: "Suppose the com-
mittee finds that there is no authority
to Write then Would this motion not still
be necessary in order that the book
should not be sold as a Bahai publica-
fion-77
Dr. Bagdadi: "Yes, it should not be
considered as a Bahai publication."
Mrs. Ober: "That is all We mean.
We do not question the sincerity of the
book. Our only idea is in relation to
our own body, and the question is
Whether it should be accepted as a text
book for our children."
The Chairman: "Is there any objec-
tion to this in your motion, that the mo-
tion should be subject to the determina-
tion of this committee Which is to look
into these tablets, and find out Whether
this book Would be authorized".i"'
Mrs. Ober: "That is all right."
Mrs. Struven suggested taking the
consensus of opinion of the Convention
to the several assemblies and this Would
not necessitate a vote in the Convention.
The Chairman: "If the decision
comes that the committee is not author-
ized you need something to authorize
the committee to act."

