STAR OF THE WEST Z7
MISCELLANEOUS TOPICS
Meetings are held, in the home of
Abdul-Baha, twice a week. One evening,
Abdul-Baha spoke about the beauty and
spirituality of Mt. Carmel. He spoke, also,
of Elijah and of his arising to vivify
the religion of Moses. Elijah cast out
the statue of Baal (an idol) and re-
fo-rmed the Jews from harmful custo-ms.
When he had lead them to perfect spir-
ituality and might, so that he had con-
fidence in them he left them, instantly
left them; because he saw that his work
was finished. Man must be like this. At
the time of difficulties and when his serv-
ices are needed, he must answer the call
of the hour and then, when his work is
accomplished, he must hold aloof from
leadership and power. This is the mean-
ing of "the man of God" or "God's
hero" and "service to God." After
reading and chanting communes, the
name of a Zoroastrian, who visited
Abdul-Baha in London and who became
very attracted, was mentioned. Abdul-
Baha said, "As long as the love of God
exists in a heart, there is progress, day
by day, and vice-versa."
On February 9th, 1914, a young Eng-
lish traveler went to see Abdul-Baha in
Haifa. He was interested in the eco-
nomic problem and asked the following
question: hen the time comes for the
working people to become the partners
of their employers, will they have their
own representatives to consult with the
company and will those who invest more
capital receive more shares?" Abdul-
Baha replied: "Certainly, when the
working people become partners with the
company, they will select their own rep-
resentatives for consultation and those
who have more capital will earn more
money."
In the evening, Abdul-Baha called one
of the pilgrims, known as Mirza Mah-
mood Forooghy, to him. (The trans-
lator knows this man personally. He is
indeed one of God's heroes. One of his
great works was this: When the first
storm of tests blew in Acca and the fire
of violation appeared, the eyes of most
of the believers were closed to the truth 
but his honor Mirza Mahmood Forooghy
sounded the trumpet of firmness and
their eyes became opened.) Abdul-B-aha
spoke to Mirza Mahmood Forooghy about
the victory of the divine sovereignty over
the material, saying that spiritual mat-
ters are promulgated by the inward and
ideal. power and not by outward condi-
tions and circumstances.
At that. moment, a group of Jew-
ish Bahais, from Hamadan, Persia,
came and Abdul-Baha answered all of
their questions. The following is one of
the answers: "The utterance of the
Blessed Beauty that the descendants of
Israel shall become dear, was made at a
time when the people of Israel were still
in the utmost degradation and before
they had returned. He uttered these
things in order that the glance of pI'0Vl--
dence would surround them, so that they
might progress, deliver themselves from
humiliation and return to- this holy
land. That is why, day by day, they
became- dear and returned to the holy
land. These things are all through the
power of the blessed 'Nerd. They had
been degraded for 1,600 years, but, after
this blessed word was uttered, they be-
came dear and progressed, although they
had no soldiers, army nor government
and although the other governments re-
mained the same as before. But this
blessed utterance is in behalf of the be-
lievers among the Israelites, that is, those
who became believers. When the believ-
ers of the Israelites progressed and be-
came dear, the non-believers progressed
with them, like thosefeast, to which they are not invited.
However, this progression is only as long
as they are agreeable and friendly.
Should they exercise enmity, they will

