26 STAR OF
The calamity of his honor, Mirza
Abul-Fazl is indeed great. No matter
how much we Want to console ourselves,
We cannot be consoled. I-Iow good for
man to be like this, so that the hearts
of all the friends are attracted to him
in every Way. While in Alexandria,
every time my heart was depressed, I
used to go and meet him and at once
my depression vanished. He Was very
truthful. He never harbored deceit and
revenge.
He left Wonderful writings in prov-
ing the blessed Cause. His thought,
reference, pen and tongue all Were used
in proving the blessed Cause. His cus-
tom Was" to occupy his time from morn-
ing to noon in writing. He did not re-
ceive anyone. In the afternoon, he re-
ceived everybody Who Went to him.
He used to have difiiculties with the
American and European women because
of their numerous questions and per-
sistence. Some of these ladies said,
"We Went there and knocked at his
door. We heard no answer. We per-
sisted in knocking, knowing that he Was
in. We knocked and We knocked. And
finally, he said in English, 'Abul-Fazl
not here.' The ladies said, "'vVe Were
convulsed with laughter. He himself,
from the inside, laughed too. And then
We departed."
Light flooded his face. How illumined
he Was! His heart was shining, radiant.
The divine wisdom is wonderful. Man
becomes amazed. Although such souls
themselves are like unto a remedy for
others, death is their utmost desire. It
is the highest degree of existence and for
him was life supreme. No greater
bounty is there for man than to depart
from the World of existence.
Those who associated with him and
loved him have become sad. He Was a
sincere soul. There was nothing about
him but sincerity. Never had he any
THE WEST
superfiuities about him. He Was all sin-
cerity. For example, if he loved a per-
son, he used to love him more in his
heart. If he attributed anything to a
man, he used to attribute it more in his
heart. And if he was in harmony with
a man, he Was mo-re in harmony in his
heart. He Was sincere, not insincere.
If he was angry at a man, he could not
speak to him. He used to tremble at the
sight of him.
Astonishing it is that one of the
pashas of Egypt longed to meet him, but
Abul-Fazl refused him. After that, a
mediator Went to him and asked, "VVhy
don't you meet the pashai?" He replied,
don't like him. His desire must be
insincere, because if his desires Were
sincere, God would have created love in
my heart for him. At any rate, I am
unable to meet him With love and truth-
fulness. It is better that I do not see
him."
He was not entangled with this World.
He was not entangled with anything.
His heart was not attached to life, nor
anything else. He Was entirely severed,
refined, spiritual and of the Kingdom.
The sheikh of Islam, of Caucasia,
wrote against the Cause. Some of the
friends answered him. Sheikh of Islam
Wrote a second time a criticism. After
that, Agha Mirza Abul-Fazl wrote a full,
convincing answer. It surprised the
sheikh.
It was amusing and the joke is here,
that the Ezelis wanted Abul-Fazl's book
very much. Finally, one of the friends
asked, "Vdell, you are Babis; what is in
this book that you Want so much?"
They replied, "For its good arguments
in behalf of his highness, the Supreme
(the Bab). And for these arguments,
We Want the book."
(Talk given by Abdul-Baha, in his
home, Haifa, January 22, 1914.)

