STAR OF THE WEST 83
guidance. All of them shall gather
around this fountain of life; all of them
will become illumined by the rays of
this sun; all of them will receive a share
and a portion from this great sea; all of
them will become vivified by this soul-
imparting breeze and all of them will
be under the downpour of this rain.
The aim is this: his holiness the
Bab gave the glad-tidings concerning
the appearance of the Manifestation of
God, and his holiness the Blessed Per-
fection was the Promised One of all
the nations and religions. The Bab was
the morning star, the twilight heralding;
the glorious dawn of the sun of reality.
Now" all of us are under its shadow, and
receive the refulgent bestowals from it.
I am Abdul-Baha and no more. I am
not pleased with whomsoever praises me
with any other title. I am the Servant
at the threshold of the Blessed Perfec-
tion, and I hope that this servitude of
mine will become acceptable. Whose-
ever mentions any other name save this
will not please me at 
and no more. No person must praise
me except by this name, Abdul-Baha.
The Blessed Perfection and the Bab
are unique and peerless in this dispensa-
tion and until the next Manifestation.
The belief, the opinion and the thoughts
of all the believers must revolve around
this common center. This oneness of
belief must become fully realized, so
that in the future there may arise no
difierences. 
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, January 17,
1914.)
CONCERNING EDUCATION
The prophets also acknowledge this
opinion that education hath a great
effect upon the human race, but they
declare that minds and comprehensions
are originally different. And this mat-
ter is self-evident; it cannot be refuted.
We see that certain children of the same
age, nativity and race, nay, from the
same household, under the tutorship of
one teacher, difl'er in their minds and
comprehensions. One advanceth rap-
idly, another is slow in catching the
rays of culture, still another remaineth
in the lowest degree of stupidity.
No matter how much the shell is edu-
cated (or polished) it can never become
the radiant pearl. The black stone will
not become the world-illuming gem. The
and the thorny cactus can
never by training and development be-
come the blessed tree. That is to say,
training doth not change the human gem
human nature or entity), but it
produceth a marvelous effect. By this
effective power all that is registered
latent of virtues and capacities in the
human reality will be revealed.
Cultivation by the farmer maketh of
the grain the harvest, and the effort of
the gardener maketh of the seed a noble
tree. The gentle teacher promoteth the
children of the school to a lofty altitude
and the bestowal of the trainer placeth
the little child upon the throne of ether.
Therefore it is demonstrated and proven
that minds are different in the original
entity or nature and that education com-
mandeth a decided and great influence.
Were there no educator all souls would
remain savage and were it not for the
teacher, the children would be ignorant
creatures.
It is for this reason that, in this new
cycle, education and training are re-
corded in the Book of God as obligatory
and not voluntary. That is, it is en-
joined upon father and mother, as a
duty, to strive with all effort to train
the daughter and the son, to nurse them
from the breast of knowledge and to
rea.r them in the bosom of sciences and
arts. Should they neglect this matter
they shall be held responsible and wor-
thy of reproach in the presence of the
stern Lo-rd.
This is a sin unpardonable, for they
*Uucum'is calocy/nthis.

