STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strength-
ened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be_; these fruitless
strifes; these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IX Eizzat 1, 74- (September 8, 1918) No. 1'0
Talks by Abdul-Baha in the Holy Land--Continued
TRANSLATED BY DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
The following compilation of some of the utterances of Abdul-Baha after his
return to the Holy Land from America, Europe and Egypt, is the third
published under this heading--the first appeared in issue N0. 2,
page 17; the second in issue No. 3, page 25.
ADJ I ABBAS is the name of an old
Bahai Who lived in Acca and for
more than thirty years Was chosen by
Abdul-Baha to be the lantern carrier.
Almost every night, Whether walking in
the dark: narrow streets of the prison
city Acca or in the fields outside, he Was
the only one Who accompanied Abdul-
Baha. (The translator, and perhaps
others, entertained the thought that this
man, on account of his bravery, strength
and courage, Was chosen to be as a guard
to Abdul-Baha. But in recent years, it
became evident that Hadji Abbas, dur-
ing all those years of apparently faithful
service was concealing a deadly Weapon
for the purpose of betraying and mur-
dering Abdul-Baha, Whenever he could
find an opportunity. This was because
his mind was poisoned and his heart
changed by the deceitful nakazeen and
the bitter enemies with whom he had
joined.) Abdul-Baha said regarding
this person; Was so sick and ex-
hausted in Acca when he came to me for
help and assistance, that I placed him in
a hospital in Haifa and I loved him very
much." Then Abdul-Baha turned to
Agha Mohammed Kermani Who Was
present and said to him:
"Tell me what is the voice that is call-
ing loud in Kerman (Persia)? Is it the
voice of the darvishes (tramps) or the
moaning of shaykhis (a Mohammedan
cult)? For the sake of the elevation of
the call of God all these voices shall be
silenced. When the call of God rises,
all other calls become erased and forgot-
ten. When the movement of the Su-
preme Pen becomes audi-
ble, undoubtedly the buzzing of flies
ceases. This is evident. May God give
assistance and confirmation to the souls
who serve the supreme Word and elevate
this call. The powers of the Kingdom
of Abha and the divine confirmations
will assist and reinforce every one who
becomes engaged in teaching the Ca-use
of God. There is no doubt about this."

February 23, 1914.
Abdul-Baha and a number of the
friends took a Walk outside the city of
Haifa. He told them of the lofty degrees
of severance and attraction of the old
friends in the Cause, and when they
passed by a cave he showed it to Mirza
Sohrab and said: "We had a person by
the name of Estad Esmail. Indeed, he
was peerless. He suffered great calami-
ties and ordeals in Teheran (Persia) and
in Bagdad--they confiscated all his be-
longings and they took his Wife, yet he
was in the utmost joy and he used to
say, 'Praise be to God! They have taken

