40 STAR OF
life of men is but a few days; then death
overtakes them. Is it not foolish to
attach one's heart to the wo-rdly love
and hate? Why should we let envy and
hatred separate us'? The strange part
of it is that they have no outward ex-
istence. Happiness is the king of our
hearts. Let us not part from it. If the
candle of happiness is ignited in the
chamber of our heart, all the foreboding
gloom of evil suggestions will be dis-
pelled. My home is the home of peace.
My home is the home of joy and delight.
My home is the home of laughter and
exultation. Whosoever enters through
the portals of this home, must go out
with gladsome heart. This is the home
of light; whosoever enters here must
become illumined. This is the home of
knowledge: the one who enters it must
receive knowledge. This is the home
of love: those who come in must learn
the lessons of love; thus may they know
how to love each other. Vlfhenever I
see people exercise love and good-fellow-
ship among themselves, my heart is
exceedingly rejoiced. . . . God will-
THE WEST
ing, you will always love one another.
Praise be to God, that you are brothers
in faith. You are the citizens of one
country, the inhabitants 0-f one town.
The members of your families have
known one another for years. Why then
this feud? this ill-feeling? Why
this mutual hatred?"
Then he related to them story after
story, making them now laugh and now
become serious. Finally When he observed
the time had come, he got up from his
seat and asked them to kiss one another
and be true friends ever afterwards.
"Is it not much better to be friends than
enemies?" Abdul-Baha asked them.
Then he went int.o another room and
brought candy and two silk handker-
chiefs for each one. "By this token
you are plighted together forever."
"We are the slaves of Abbas Eifendi.
We will do thy holy bidding. It seems
God directed our steps to your home
this morning," they said. They left the
house laughing and holding one another's
hands.
The Power of the Holy Spirit
Words of Abdul-Baha: From Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, June, 1913.
IN Tiberias the missionaries have built a
modern hospital and pharmacy. The
doctor has been serving the-re for thirty-
two years. At least every year one thou-
sand Jews enter the hospital and go out
healed, but none of them ever becomes
a Christian. The doctor used to tell me:
am at my wit's end in thinking out
the reason of the success of the Bahais
in the propagation of their teaching.
Without any means at hand they suc-
ceed in making these Jews Bahais, but
with all these hospitals and schools and
charities we do not succeed. How
is this?"
I replied: "Think for one moment
of this singular fact. The Jews who
became Christians in apostolic and post-
apostolic times were not attracted to the
Christian doctrine by hospitals, etc. On
the contrary they were beaten, perse-
cuted and killed. Notwithstanding these
things they accepted Christianity. Why
is this'? Those early teachers possessed
the heavenly power and with that power
they were able to carry the gospel into
distant lands. Now, in this day the
Bahais are teaching people with the same
divine power. They are baptized with
the power of the Holy Spirit. They have
forgotten the ego and are soaring toward
the Kingdom of sanctity. The most effi-
cient capital of the Bahai teacher is the
divine power. With that alone he may
conquer the cities of the hearts.' 

