STAR OF THE WVEST 61
After a discussion it was moved by Dr.
Woolsoii and seconded by Mrs. Ober that
a committee be appointed to telegraph
Roy C. \Vilhelm in New York inquiring
as to the actual attachment of Abdul-
Baha's signature to the tablet authoriz-
ing the formation of the Publications
Committee.
The Chairman appointed Dr. Woolson,
Dr. Bagdadi and William H. Randall
on the Committee.
Mr. Windust then gave a detailed and
interesting statement illustrating the
great care exercised by Abdul-Baha in
publishing The Brilliant Proof.
The Chairman next called for a report
from the committee authorized to gather
together the tablets on the teaching of
children and in the absence of Mrs.
Pauline A. Hannen requested Mrs. Ober
outline what had been accomplished.
Mrs. Ober reported that the committee
had received responses from all over
the country, had brought together a very
Wonderful compilation which it was un-
derstood would be printed shortly in the
STAR or THE Wnsr. The committee deci-
ded unanimously that no word should go
into the compilation but the creative
word, the creative utterances.
Mrs. Hoagg testified to the beauty of
the compilation and the success of the
method of teaching as carried forward
by Mrs. Hannen.
On motion of Mrs. Rtice-Wray duly
seconded it was voted to accept the re-
port of the committee and empower it
to continue with the work.
The Chairman called upon Mrs. Stru-
ven, who spoke about the necessity of
giving spiritual food to the little babies
and children, because by the wonderful
stories as well as by the words the
thoughts are put into the little minds.
Mrs. Gillen spoke of the educational
side of the Mashrekol-azkar.
The Chairman then called. upon Mrs.
Maxwell to report for Montreal.
Mrs. Maxwell gave a most interesting
narrative of the experiences of the sev-
eral Bahai teachers who have gone forth
in Canada to spread the glad tidings.
The Chairman; "The Chair will now
announce the comniittee on the compila-
tion of tablets concerning The Most Great
Peace. The names of the committee
mentioned are as follows: Mrs. Claudia
Coles, chairman, Mrs. May Maxwell,
Mr. Charles Mason Remey, Dr. Zia M.
Bagdadi, Mr. Albert R. Vail, Mrs. H.
Emogene Hoagg, and Mrs. Ella G.
Cooper; a committee of seven.
Mrs. Maxwell suggested that Miss
Juliet Thompson 's name be added to that
committee.
The Chairman: "If there is no objec-
tion then the name of Miss Juliet Thomp-
son may be added to the committee."
The Chairman then added the name
of Mrs. Mary Babb, making nine mem-
bers.
Mrs. Cole as chairman of the com-
mittee appointed, asked for definite in-
formation relative to the stand taken by
Miss Thompson in regard to the viola-
tion of the Covenant in Chicago.
The Chairman announced that he had
received assurances from Mrs. Maxwell
after Miss Thompson's name had been
submitted stating that she abides by the
decision of the committee and will not
associate with the violators.
Mrs. Maxwell offered to telegraph Miss
Thompson asking her to state her stand
in order to clear up the matter.
The Chairman: "That will be very
wise and helpful. . . . "We can let
the completion of this committee stand
until the afternoon."
Mrs. Coles: think the words of
Abdul-Bahai are the words of the Mani-
festation of God on earth today; and I
feel that the answer or decision in re-
gard to that is not a matter of opinion.
It is a matter of obedience to the firm
command. Therefore, I feel that unless
a person recognizes and realizes the fact
that violation is, as it were, pathological,
like gangrene in the spiritual body of
the world, as much as other things are
in the physical body of the world; un-

