170 STAR OF THE WEST
ness are the cause of the comfort and illumination
of the world of humanity. In the blessed Tablets (of 
LLAH) the justice and the administrative sagacity of the Imperial
government of England have been repeatedly dwelt upon, and
now it has become clear that, in reality, the inhabitants of this
country, after untold sufferings, have attained to composure and
security.
This is the first letter that I write to Persia. God willing, I
shall write others afterwards. Convey with the utmost longing
to each and all the believers of God the wonderful Abha greeting,
and give us the glad-tidings of the health and safety of all the be-
lievers. Although the tempest and the hurricane were intense
and violent, yet, praise be to God, the Ark of Salvation reached
the heaven of security, while protected and guarded. Announce
greeting and salutation on behalf of Abdul-Baha with the utmost
joy and fragrance "to the hands of the Cause of God," his honor
Ameen and likewise the rulers of firmness and steadfastness in
the Covenant and Testament.
Upon thee be Baha--el-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
LETTER ACCOMPANYING ABOVE TABLET
Tomb of Bahje,
Acca, October 16, 1918.
Through the STAR or THE WEST to the believers and the maid-servants of the
Merciful in America.
My dear brothers and sisters in the Cause of God!
The spiritual life of Bahj_e is not only contemplative but earnest and
active, full of light and beauty, redolent with the fragrance of the Kingdom of
Abha and adorned with the roses of high ideals and the violets of noble emo-
tions. Since September 23d, I have Written you a number of letters, reporting
to you the good news of the health of Abdul-Baha, and giving some sidelights
on recent events, so pregnant with far-reaching results for the future of this
country. Now I would like to share with you the translation of the first Tablet
revealed this afternoon for one of the believers in Teheran, Persia. I hope that
ere long America will also receive such divine gifts after a long period of
deprivation . . . . .
Having now accomplished my pleasant duty I add to the above my heart-
felt prayers for the wellbeing of all. Your sincere brother,
Ahmad Sohmb.
*See "Tablet of the World," in Tablets of Baha/0'llah, page 83, published
by Bahai Publishing Society, Chicago.

