212 STAR OF
dier in the king 's army." The Arab
was glad to entertain a brave man. The
king drank another cup of wine. "Do
you know who I am?" "Who are you?"
am a minister in the king 's council
chamber." am delighted to receive
such a distinguished statesman." A third
cup was taken. "Do you know who I
am?" "Well!" am the king him-
self." The Arab could not stand it any
longer. He arose and took the goat-skin
of wine from him. "Why do you do
this?" the guest asked astonished. "Be-
cause I believe if you drank another cup
you would be the Prophet of God, and a
fifth cup would raise you to the station
of God, so it is better for you to stop."
(Words of Abdul-Baha. Diary of
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Aug. 5, 1913.)
STORY OF JESUS AND THE POOR
MAN WHO WANTED TO MARRY
A PRINCESS.
It is said that Jesus entered a Village.
In those days many houses were broken
into and everything carried away by the
robbers; hence the authorities had issued
an order that none of the inhabitants
should entertain strangers in their
homes, fearing that they might be in
alliance with the robbers outside. Jesus
stopped before the house of a very poor
old woman, and knocked at the door.
The old woman opened the door, and
saw that Jesus was seeking a shelter.
Looking into the face of Jesus, and be-,
holding his gentleness, humility and
spirituality, she did not have the heart
to refuse him and send him away.
Therefore with the utmost respect she
invited him to enter the house. From
his speech and conduct, the old woman
intuitively felt that she was entertaining
more than an ordinary mortal. She
came forward and kissing his hand said:
"Save my son, I have no one else in this
world. Up to a short time ago he has
been sober, intelligent and industrious,
and his income is our sole support. But
THE WEST
now he has become moody, morose and
irritable. Where as formerly ours was
a home of joy and happiness, now it is
changed into a home of mourning and
sadness. He works all day, but when he
comes home he does not speak, and moves
restlessly all night in his bed. To all
my pleading questions, he turns away
his face and does not answer."
Jesus said: "Send him to me. I
will speak with him!" After sunset,
the son returned to the house. His
mother Went to him and said, "We have
a guest tonight who is noble and spir-
itual. If you have any trouble go and
tell it to him. I feel sure he can help
you." At first he did not want to go,
but the solicitous mother persuaded him
to do so. At last he consented. Enter-
ing the room, he found Jesus sitting
on the floor. Immediately Jesus was on
his feet, welcoming the wayward son.
After a few moments of intimate talk,
Jesus asked the boy: "Well, my son,
tell me, what troubles you? What is the
cause of your worry?" He replied:
"Nothing." "You are not telling the
truth. I know you are laboring under
the weight of a great pain, my son. Tell
me the cause of your trouble. I am in-
terested in your welfare and my heart
is full of sympathy for you. Rest as-
sured that I will not divulge your secret
to any human being. I will keep it to
myself and will do my utmost to lighter.
the burden. Am I not your kind father
and you my beloved son?" "My pain
is irremediable the boy said, softening
the tone of his answer somewhat under
the loving gaze of Jesus. will find
a remedy for it, Jesus answered. Oh!
I know so well that no one is able to
take away this load from my heart."
am able!" "But you are powerless.
You are a poor man like us. You have
no remedy for my malady." am
powerful, and I am a physician for all
manner of diseases!" "This is impossi-
ble. There is no man living who can
claim so much," he said, yet impressed

