154- STAR OF THE WEST
Not a single individual could conceive that 
addressed on that day_. kings and emperors whose fame had filled
all the regions and who had raised themselves to the utmost
height of autocracy, predicting in an unmistakable and clear tone
the events and happenings of these days. Notwithstanding this
the people are not awakened!
In brief, now is the time that the teachings of His Highness
be promulgated in that continent, so that all the
inhabitants may become ready for the establishment of universal
peace, the flag of the oneness of the world of humanity be un-
furled and all the nations and tribes may obtain trano|uillity and
composure under the shade of the tabernacle of unity.
Upon ye be greeting and Baha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
LETTER ACCOMPANYING ABOVE TABLET
Tomb of 
Bahje, Acca, Palestine,
October 31st, 1918.
To Mrs. Helen S. Goodall and Mrs. Ella G. Cooper, care of Mr. Joseph H.
Hannen, Washington, D. C.
My two dear sisters in the Cause!
Just as the 23rd of September last was a marked day in the history of
Haifa, in that the British forces overcame the Turks and freed the people, so
the 31st of October will be a marked day in the history of Bahje, because on
this day at noon hostilities ceased between the victorious and vanquished parties.
Soon peace shall be established between England and what remains of the once
great empire of the Turks--an insignificant spot compared with its former size
and power, a petty principality indeed.
We hear also that Germany and Austria-Hungary are ready and willing
to accept the protocols of the Allies for an armistice, so that altogether we are
approaching the finale of this universal slaughter. Significant still is the fact
that this afternoon, just an hour before the receipt of the above cheering news,
Abdul-Baha dictated a Tablet for you. In a separate envelope I am mailing
to you its original and translation, but in order to be sure that you will receive
it, I copy the same herein. I may note in passing that this is the very first
Tablet that goes to the United States.
Please give my sincere greeting to all the dear friends and let us hear from
you as soon as possible. I am your sincere brother
Ahmad Sohmb.

