176 STAR OF
spring up from it the flowers of wisdom
and revelation and the hyacinths of
science and knowledge. Verily, He is
the friend to those who love Him, and
an assistant to those who commune with
Him.
"There is no God but Him, the
Mighty and the Magnified!"
The passing of the old, the establish-
ment of the new Covenant among men,
which is but the completion of spiritual
evolution in the human race-the estab-
lishment of the new civilization upon
the supreme function of the
Covenant in that establishment--all Mr.
Vail eloquently dwelt upon in his ap~
proach of a subject, today so infinitely
beyond our complete comprehension.
Dr. Bagdadi spoke effectively of the
dynamic, unifying power of the Cove-
nant and the absolute necessity of a
Center toward which all can turn in
unity and harmony and love. He cited
the numerous sects of Christianity and
other established religions, as a result-
ant of the absence of an authoritative
Center after the passing of the founder.
In the Bahai Movement, no oppor-
tunity exists for schisms or disastrous
counter movements, for he who turns his
face from the Center of the -Covenant is
not a Bahai, has no place in the Bahai
Movement. The true Bahai keeps his
face fixed unalterably upon that radiant
Center, from which there is no wavering,
neither shadow of turning. So Dr.
Bagdadi.
Today, when all Bahais are looking-
with fervent hope toward the East and
the possibility of the coming of Abdul-
Baha again to America and the possibili-
ty of his laying the corner-stone of the
great Temple, the Mashrekol-azkar oc-
cupies much of the thought of Bahais.
THE WEST
And no meeting is complete without
mention of this institution. Mrs. True
presented the subject. Indeed, this
seems to be the subject of subjects for
Mrs. True 's presentation, so long and
so intimately has she dwelt with it, so
deeply has she penetrated into its mys-
teries.
A feature of this Feast of the Cove-
nant was the large contingent of our
colored friends present, deeply moved
by the pervasive spirit of good-fellow-
ship, so typical of all Bahai meetings,
where the different races unite in Wor-
ship.
Musieal numbers interspersed the
readings. There was chanting by Zeenat
Khanom. Dr. Bagdadi sang a Per-
sian poem, composed several years
ago by Bahai students at Beirut College,
in praise and glorification of the Center
of the Covenant. After each verse an
Arabic refrain was taken up by a chorus
of voices: "Fal-ya-ish Ghusnol-baka
Hazraty Abdul-Baha!" ("Long live the
Branch of Eternity, His Holiness Abdul-
Baha 
Today, because of our childish and
superficial understanding, inadequately,
irreverently, perhaps, we pay homage
before the shrine of the Covenant. And
yet, in all sincerity we offer our alle-
giance. Adequately shall future genera-
tions worship, gathered under the dome
of the great 
ment to the glory of and
the spiritual supremacy of His Cove-
nant.
Future they not re-
member, that We too worshipped, unde-
viatingly, before the Holy of Holies;
that we sang, while our hearts thrilled
with emotion, "Long live the Branch of
Eternity, His Holiness 

