164- STAR OF THE WEST
Tablets revealed by Abdul-Baha in the winter of 
(Continued from page 155)
spent with him. This personage has ren-
dered many services to this Cause. The
value of his services must be appreciated.
Mrs. True is one of the first maid-serv-
ants of the Kingdom of God. She is
well known to and praised by the believ-
ers and the maid-servants of the Merci-
ful both in the East and in the West.
She has displayed and is displaying the
utmost efiort in the construction of the
Mashrekol-azkar. I am most pleased
with her. And I beg of God that she
may become assisted to bring this serv-
ice to an end. Likewise convey on my
behalf to each and all the believers who
have gathered together in Green Acre
my love, kindness and spiritual greeting.
As to thee, thou herald of the King-
dom! Rest thou assured. The favors
and bounties of the Merciful One are
all-encircling and likewise my love for
thee is perfect. Every night from the
divine Threshold I beg for thee confirm-
ation and assistance, so that on the con-
tinent of America thou mayst become a
brilliant proof, a shining light and a
beaming star. Praise be to God, that in
the publication and circulation of the
STAR or THE thou art displaying
the utmost effort.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Signed, on the English translation, in
Persian and English.)
 --
TABLET TO MR. WILHELM
Haifa, Syria,
December 27, 1916.
Mr. Roy C. Wilhelm.
thou my heavenly son!
Several letters and cards have been re-
ceived from thee, and each one indicated
thy firmness and steadfastness in the love
of God. Praise be to God, that that il-
lumined youth is like unto an enkindled
candle and hast dedicated thy life in
the service of the Kingdom of God, and
day by day thou art adding to thy
illumination and spirituality.
Thou hast written about the confer-
ences of Green Acre. I became very
happy that a number of sweet-singing
birds were engaged by day and by night
in the praise of His Highness the Al-
mighty. Should, in the coming year
also, a great conference be held in that
meadow, a heavenly festival be organ-
ized with the utmost love and afiinity and
the jubilee of the oneness of the world
of humanity be arranged, there is no
doubt that each soul will become like a
candle in that gathering and such joy
and happiness will be unveiled that the
continent of America will be moved and
stirred. Day and night, with the utmost
supplication and entreaty, I beseech and
implore at the Threshold of divine servi-
tude, and beg for those friends confirma-
tion and assistance and read in your be-
half this blessed verse of the Koran.
He says: "The believing souls who are
in the utmost sincerity and steadfastness
will undoubtedly become confirmed and
assisted." Now, praise be to God, that
you are the manifestors of divine aid
and are being helped to render services
to the Kingdom of the Merciful.
You have given the glad news that
the foundation of the Mashrekol-azkar
will be laid next year. This is also my
hope that this Temple may become fully
constructed and the holy verse of the
Koran, "We have given thee a great
victory," become realized. For the
building of this Temple is a most great
triumph.
Convey to all the friends longing
greetings. Praise be to God, we are all
safe and guarded under the protection
and preservation of God.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.

