STAR OF TI-IE WEST 125
but it was all spent on the poor; nothing
was left after his death. How wonder-
ful, indeed, were those days in Bagdad!
Every one of the friends, through the
favor and bounty of the Blessed Beauty,
was in the utmost firmness and upright-
ness. How radiant Were their faces!
How merciful were their hearts! I-Iow
severed and attracted they were 
June 27, 1914.
Abdul-Baha sent for an illumined
young man, named Mirza I-Iabibo'llah
who was one of the visitors from Turke-
stan, Russia, serving for about nine
months in the house of the pilgrims.
Upon his appearance, Abdul-Baha gave
the young man permission to return to
Merv and Ishkabad, with the following
words of farewell: "Indeed, thou hast
served all this time with thy heart and
soul. Now, too, wherever thou 1nay'st
be thou shalt serve the Cause. The aim
is to serve and to obtain the divine good
pleasure, not a place or station. Praise
be to God! Thou are confirmed and I am
also pleased with thee."
In the afternoon, Abdul-Baha sent for
the pilgrims. He talked to them con-
cerning the spies of Sultan Abdul-
Hamid, as follows: "The Sultan sent
his spies in different guise in order that
they might investigate. It was very
strange. Although we were in prison,
yet he was still troubled. Each time he
placed a different guard and spy. . . . .
In past cycles the argument was com-
plete, but in this Cause it is perfect. In
the cycle of the Blessed Beauty, the
events themselves are irrefutable proofs
and complete arguments. For example,
notwithstanding the hate and enmity of
the Shah of Persia and the Sultan of
Turkey, Nassir-el-Din and Abdul-Hamid,
exile and severe imprisonment, yet the
Blessed Beauty elevated his Cause. This
may be likened to a blessed bird that re-
mains protected even under the claws of
a thousand birds of prey, or the safety
of a lamb among a hundred-thousand
Wolves. Although was phys-
ically a prisoner, yet all were humble
and meek at the Most. I-Ioly Threshold,
with a reverence indescribable."
The following is a. tablet revealed by
Abdul-Baha to friends in Paris, France:
ye friends of God and maid-serv-
ants of the Merciful! The congratula-
tions for the anniversary of the declara-
tion of I-Iis Holiness, the beauty of the
First Point, the Bab, was received. I
became exceedingly happy that such a
great celebration occurred in Paris. All
of the souls are either occupied in pleas-
ure, play, or united in gathering 
luxuries, and intoxicated with the inel-
ody of the world of nature. But the
friends of God have held a heavenly feast
and celebrated the anniversary of the
appearance of the Dawn of Guidance,
the Bab. I-Iow much this is the cause of
happiness! You became engaged in the
commemoration of God, sang the verses
of singleness and praised the Sun of
Reality with the anthem of the merciful
Kingdom. Unquestionably, in the fu-
ture, feasts will be held uninterruptedly
and such a wonderful melody shall arise
from Paris as to astonish other coun-
tries."
In these days, Mr. O. Mason Remey
and Mr. George Iiatimer visited Paris,
Germany and Holland. They attracted
many people in Europe and strengthened
the souls in the great Covenant.
After revealing over twenty-five tab-
lets, Abdul-Baha gave the following talk
on teaching: "In his days, the Blessed
Beauty encouraged everyone whom he
favored to teach. These Were indications
of his blessed bestowals. It was irre-
futable evidence .that whomsoever he en-
couraged to teach, either verbally or by
writing, was surrounded by the glances
of his bounty. The blessed tablets al-
ways were revealed in the names of the
teachers. The mention of those who
arose to teach with all their power,
caused his blessed face to gleam with
smiles. Theappearance of the signs of
happiness at the mention of a name was

