STAR OF THE WEST 155
Tablets revealed by Abdul-Baha in the Winter of 1916-17,
but just received in America.
TABLET TO MR. VAIL.
(Dated Haifa, Syria, December 27,
1916. Mailed on that date but returned
to Haifa from Constantinople, and re-
mailed October 9, 1918.)
To Mr. Albert Vail.
thou heavenly youth! thou herald
of the Kingdom of God!
Thy letter was received. Thou hast
Written that" the light of the Islamic
World and the Holy Land is being
spread in the 'West. This news imparts
happiness to the hearts of the unitarians
that, praise be to God, the reality of
the Holy Manifestations is becoming
manifest and evident. The divine out-
pourings are like unto the sun. The sun
has many houses, different dawning-
places. \/Vhosoever loves the vision of
the sun, his eyes will become illumined
through its rays, no matter from What
dawning-place it may arise.
Thou hast Written regarding the pro-
gram of the Green Acre Conferences in
the past summer, that the believers Were
in the utmost attraction and from all
parts the guests hastened to that spot
saying that such radiant meetings had
not been brought about in any of the
former ages, the members of which as-
sociated with each other with perfect
love and affinity. This was a most auspi-
cious glad tidings to the unitarians.
\Vherever the blessed souls gather to-
gether the Beloved of that meeting is the
love of God and the utmost joy and hap-
piness is obtained. Should Green Acre
follow firmly in this path and continue
the annual holding of its impartial, uni-
versal Conferences, there is no doubt
that that region will become illumined
with the light of unity.
Praise be to God, that Dr. rent
asunder the veil of imagination and
became enlightened with the effulgenee
of Unity. Mr. Urban Ledoux became
lordly, heavenly and became instrumen-
tal in relea.sing Miss Farmer from that
prison. Convey to him on my behalf
the utmost kindness. Gladden thou the
hearts of Mrs. and Miss -1-
With the divine favors and promise
them the gain of a ~neW confirmation.
Say to Mr. the Indian: "Render
thou thanks unto the Lord, for the heart
and the soul became luminous with the
light of Guidance and in that gathering
thou didst become enkindled like unto a
candle and thou art realizing the value
of the spiritual fraternity." Announce
my greeting to Mr. Randall and say:
"The love of the Word of God is the
magnet of heavenly glory and beauty.
I hope that thou mayst become a center
for the emanation of the lights of love
and a dawning-place of the sign of
unity." Say to Miss Juliet Thompson:
"Praise be to God, that in the midst of
the Whirling tempest of test thou didst
remain firm and steadfast and like unto
the pure gold in the fire of ordeal thou
didst unveil thy happy and confident
face." Give thou the glad tidings of the
spiritual confirmation to Miss Martha
Root and say: "During thy travel
around the World the assistance of the
Holy Spirit followed thee at all times;
for this reason thou didst become able
to fulfill its duties." Mr. Willielin, my
son of the Kingdom, verily, verily, I
say unto you, on his head he has a crown
of everlasting glory and dignity with the
utmost beauty and perfection. Convey
on my behalf longing greetings to M.
Eshte 'al Ebn Kalanter. I am pleased with
his lectures delivered with eloquence and
fluency. Day and night I remember Mr.
Hall and do not forget the days that I
(Continued on page 164)

