I66 STAR OF
it may be viewed from long distances
and the melody of thanksgiving and
glorification ascend to the Kingdom
of Glory. In the past the Eastern
believers have sent a contribution, and
at the present time international com-
munication is at a standstill and Persia
is ruined; otherwise they would have
made still another effort and collected
another contribution. I hope that the
Mashrekol-azkar in Chicago may become
TI-IE WEST
the second Temple of God in the world
of humanity, and, like the Mashrekol-
azkar of Ishkabad, it may become the
means of the promotion of the Cause.
Convey on my behalf infinite kindness
to thy respected wife; likewise the
friends and the maid-servants of the
Merciful.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Tablets calling Bahais of the United States and Canada--C0ntinued
(Continued from page 160)
would become fulfilled and come to pass.
This matter, in all probability, was pub-
lished in the San Francisco Bulletin,
October 12, 1912. You may refer to it,
so that the truth may become clear and
manifest; thus ye may fully realize that
this is the time for the diffusion of the
fragrances.
The magnanimity of man must be
heavenly--or, in other words, it must
be assisted by the divine confirmation,
so that he may become the cause of the
illumination of the world of humanity.
Upon ye be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
at Haifa, Syria, April 26, 1916. Orig-
inal addressed to Mrs. Helen S. Goodall,
San Francisco, Calif., care J. H. Han-
nen, Washington, D. C. Received Aug-
ust 8, 1916.)

TABLET TO THE SOUTHERN
STATES
To the friends and maid-servants of God
in the Southern States:
Upon them be greeting and praise!
ye heralds of the Kingdom of God!
A few days ago an epistle was writ-
ten to those divine believers, but be-
cause these days are the days of Nau-
rooz, therefore you have come to my
mind, and I am sending you this greet-
ing for this glorious feast. All the days
are blessed, but this feast is the national
fete of Persia. The Persians have been
holding it for several thousand years
past. In reality, every day which man
passes in the mention of God and in
the service of the Kingdom of God, that
day is his feast. Praise be to God, that
you are occupied in the service of the
Kingdom by day and by night. There-
fore all your days are feast days. There
is no doubt that the assistance and be-
stowal of God shall descend upon you.
In the southern states of the United
States the friends are few, that is, in
Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, West
Virginia, North Carolina, South Caro-
lina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Tennessee, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Arkansas, Oklahoma and Texas. Con-
sequently you must either go yourselves
or send a number of blessed souls to
those states, so that they may guide the
people to the Kingdom of Heaven. His
Holiness Mohammed, the messenger of
God, says: "If a person becomes the
cause of the illumination of one soul it
is better than a boundless treasury."
Again he says: Ali, if God guide,
through thee, one soul it is better for
thee than all the riches." Again he
says: "Direct us to the straight path,"
that is show us the direct road. In
brief, I hope you will display in this re-
spect the greatest efiort and magna-

