46 STAR OF
adelphia; Portland, Oregon; Racine,
Wis.; Washington, D. Kenosha,
Wis.; Riverton, N. J. Spokane, Wash. 
Seattle; Sandusky; Pittsburgh, Pa.;
San Diego, Calif.
"The following is the list of the assem-
blies whose applications, in accordance
with the by-laws, have been passed upon
favorably by the Executive Board and
are recommended by the Executive
Board to the Convention: Memphis,
Tenn.; Schenectady, N. Benton Sid-
ing, British Columbia; Nutley, N. 
Montclair, N. Minneapolis Minn.;
Fruitport, Mich. St. Louis; Boston,
Mass.; Urbana, Ill.; San Francisco,
Calif.; Salem and Beverly, Mass.; Os-
wego, N. Berkeley, Calif.; Spring-
field, Mass.; Montreal, Canada; Eliot,
Maine; Lakeland, Florida; Baltimore,
Md.; Los Angeles, Calif; St. Paul,
Minn.
One or two others have come in since
but have not been passed upon by the
Board."
Chairman Dr. D'Evelyn: "These lat-
ter names just read by Mr. Ober are
those who have overlooked the arrange-
ments that were made at the Convention
in Boston. It is, however, the privilege of
the present Convention to endorse their
applications and permit them to be con-
sidered as established delegates and
members of the Unity. What is your
pleasure?"
On motion of Mr. Lunt, seconded by
Mrs. Ober, it was voted that this priv-
ilege be granted to these assemblies and
that they be considered as members of
the Unity.
Chairman Dr. D'Evelyn: "The next
matter for our consideration is the for-
mation of a Committee on Credentials.
Do you wish that committee to be ap-
pointed from the floor or by the Chair?"
On motion of Mrs. Cooper, seconded
by Mrs. Ober, it was voted that the com-
mittee be appointed by the Chair.
The Chair appointed Mrs. Hoagg, Mr.
THE WEST
Remey and Mrs. True a committee to
nominate a Committee on Credentials.
On motion of Mr. Randall, duly sec-
onded, it was voted by unanimous agree-
ment that the Chair appoint a commit-
tee to nominate officers for the perma-
nent organization.
The Chair announced the appointment
of the following as a committee to nom-
inate officers for the permanent organ-
ization: Mrs. Ella G. Cooper, Mrs. Har-
lan F. Ober, Mr. Carl Scheffler.
The committee on the appointment of
the Credentials Committee reported the
names of the following: Mrs. Helen S.
Goodall, Mr. Louis G. Gregory, and Mr.
William H. Randall. The Chair endorsed
the choice and appointed them as the
Committee on Credentials.
Chairman Dr. D'Evelyn: "Now we
have to ask your indulgence again upon
two other assemblies which we would be
pleased to have you admit to the same
standing as those you have already
passed upon. These assemblies are Santa
Paula, California, and New York Mills,
Minnesota. If there is no objection, they
will take the same course as the others."
Mr. Lunt: "Since it is improbable
that the Committee on Credentials will
be able to report before 12 or 12:30,
could We not avail ourselves of the pre-
cedent established in previous years and
hear informally, as a temporary organi-
zation, the reports of the oflicers of the
Unity? And later on, after the per-
manent organization is formed, we can
approve those reports."
Chairman Dr. D'Evelyn: "You have
anticipated our next movement, sir. Mrs.
True will now give us a report."
Mrs. True: "This is the Einancial
Secretary's report. On account of the
Convention coming in the middle or lat-
ter part of the month, the Executive
Board last year voted that our accounts
be closed on the last day of March or
the first day of April. So my report is
to the last day of March.

