58 STAR OF
Baha 'o'llah, yet, as Dr. Harper said, they
were of the nakezeen and should not be
used."*
Mr. Kinney: "During the past win-
ter there has been a so-called tablet cir-
culated quite extensively amongst the
believers with the idea that it came from
Abdul-Baha; and I know there must
have been a number of other alleged tab-
lets that are sent around with the idea
of deceiving the believers--I cannot
imagine any other idea-as they are not
authentic at all. Can there not be estab-
lished some precedent to govern this
matter? That alleged tablet made the
of you must have seen
the believers were going to fail
in their duty, and others would arise in
their stead who would take the place of
the believers and do the Work."
Mrs. Rice-\7Vray: "That Was not a
tablet. That was a dream, Written down
and afterward spread as a tablet from
Abdul-Baha. 
The Chairman: feel that these
matters are of the greatest importance,
because often false teachings are based
on one little piece of paper; and I think
that the Committee on Publications, or
the Convention, in some way, ought to
take action to guard against further
repetition of those things. If you feel
that the Committee on Publications could
properly handle that matter, I think you
would have a right to add to their juris-
diction to that extent, or to ask them to
give attention to that matter."
Mr. Hall: think We all recognize
the direct authority of Abdul-Baha as
the authority for the guidance and use
of this Board; and this committee has
very properly been doing the work that
Abdul-Baha gave it to do. There never
was a time when that work was more
imperative than it is now. It should
have been done long ago. You all know
of a piece of literary work that has been
thrust upon the public, and that draws
 
*In regards to the "first commune," .{&bdu1-
Bane. wrote to me the following: "It is not
from Zia M. Bagdadt.
THE VVEST
all of its inspiration from the errors
and misstatements of our enthusiastic
friends who have written about this
Cause, but they have been allowing their
imagination to take the place of facts.
That is unfortunate, and it is going to
hurt. It will drive many sincere souls
away from the Cause. Now, I think we
have an excellent committee, and their
love of good literature is splendid and
fine; nobody has a finer ear for it than
Miss Masson. I feel that while I rise to
move the acceptance of that report, and
to add our commendation to it, that there
is something that I would like to direct
your attention to, a suggestion I Would
like to make. Now, too much strictness
and criticism might act as a damper up-
on some; and at the same time you
should encourage literary expression
among us. There ought to be a creative
as Well as a repressive movement going
on. You will not do everything by cen-
soring. Abdul-Baha. has Written about
that, and he has said to get these voices
among you cultivated; have a school of
the writers.
"So, in moving a commendation, and
a hearty one, of the action of the com-
mittee, I want to offer this suggestion of
encouraging the creative force amongst
us and let us either by enlarging the
committee, or enlarging its duties, call
their attention to that idea."
The Chairman: "The Chair under-
stood Miss Masson to express that very
idea, that the committee desired to en-
courage and stimulate writing; and, of
course, the committee in so doing, is only
endeavoring to obey the instruction of
the Convention, to carry out in turn the
instructions of Abdul-Baha. Brother
Hall moves, I understand, the accept-
ance of the report of the committee, and
that We also extend to them our com-
mendation for their splendid work."
Mrs. Ober: second the motion."
Motion carried.
The Chairman: "l\'ovv, what is your
pleasure as to the personnel or makeup

