134 STAR OF
bad is now a good center. In the past,
Merv was the center of Khorassan, which
is such a vast country including the
provinces of Afghanistan, Sistan and
Belkh. Ishkabad also is near Merv. The
Blessed Beauty often spoke of Khoras-
san in the tablets, saying that from this
country would arise the first mention of
God, which amazed the people. When
Ishkabad came into existence and the
Mashrekol-azkar was built, the hope of
the Blessed Beauty became manifest, and
this, the first temple of the Bahai world,
has become a shelter and refuge to the
friends of God. They are drawn hither
from all directions and when in diffi-
culty they go to Ishkabad. The friends
made a tremendous effort to build this
great edifice, they strove with heart and
soul. At first it seemed impossible of
accomplishment, but, thanks be to God,
they were confirmed and assisted. Now,
through this inspiration, the friends in
all places are planning to build like-
wise, when it is possible. By founding
the Mashrekol-azkar in the world the
wonderful signs of God become manifest
and evident. One must be built in every
place, even though it be only a house
or one rented room, if necessary, under
the earth.
"It is very important to establish
the Mashrekol-azkar of God, so that the
friends may gather and become engaged
in the commemoration of God. This
has great importance. The confirma-
tions of God will arrive, as to the friends
in Ishkabad. It has dear young men,
also old important souls. His honor
Afnan (cousin of the Bab) and Agha
Mirza Mahmood (son of Afnan) are
there. My heart is exceedingly attached
to them. I love Agha Mirza Abdul-
Karim very much. He served con-
stantly. His illness has a wisdom, later
it will be manifest. I am hopeful that
the districts of Turkestan, Russia, will
become illumined, the cry of 'Ya-Baha-
el-Abha! (O thou Glorious of the Most
Glorious 1) will reach the Supreme Zone,
and the melody of 'Ya-Rabb-el-Aala!'
THE WEST
(O my Lord, the Supreme!) will be car-
ried to all horizons. The school of Ish-
kabad has great importance. You who
are going there, strive that it may be-
come orderly, so that the children may
progress. May they reach such a degree
in knowledge and sciences that the fame
of this school may reach to the horizons.
Great effort is necessary to accomplish
this. Convey my greeting to every
friend of God and become an evident
book to everyone."
In the afternoon Abdul-Baha gave the
following talk:
"This is the day of farewell and the
time of leave-taking is very hard. The
Arabian poet says, 'The days of my un-
ion with the beloved were so few that
the greeting was the farewell.' Indeed,
I am deeply grieved, but I do not say
good-bye to you because there is a com-
plete connection among the hearts, and
among the souls there is unity and agree-
ment. We never have a separation from
one another. This nearness and remote-
ness concerns the world of bodies. In
the world of spirits and souls there is
union, never separation. The heart feels
the union. The sees and carries the
sight to the heart which becomes affected.
When the heart is engaged with the
friends there is no separation, especially
if you go in service to the Cause of God.
When a soldier leaves headquarters to
battle and to conquer, though far away
in person, his remoteness is conducive to
the protection of the country. He can-
not receive the glances of favor of the
king, yet he is nearer and dearer than the
soldier who dwells at headquarters.
"Just so the friends of God who go to
far regions to serve the Cause are al-
ways holy friends and receive the mani-
festations of the favors of God. There
is a special bounty from the Blessed
Beauty surrounding them. Convey my
greetings and longings to all of the
friends. I am in the utmost longing and
have the desire of meeting every one of
them. I am engaged in thinking of ev-

