STAR OF THE WEST 189
gaoler,--and then this man suddenly taken out to the top of a mountain, the
sun shining in all its glory, the birds singing of praise in the swaying
branches, the green and luxuriant forest girdling the surrounding hills, all
nature aglow with the first flush of spring and friends on every side pushing
forward to shake his hands and inquire about his health. The man is aston-
ished, is confused, he cannot believe himself, he rubs his eyes, looks around with
wonder, tries to realize the change and thinks this is in all probability a trick,
a deception of legerdemain which will soon vanish and then he has to go back
to his cold, rayless, damp jail.
Such were our emotions when on the memorable day of September 23rd, at
3 p. m. the British and Indian Cavalry forces captured Haifa and Acca and
freed us from the decadent and ignorant rule of Turkey. For years we had not
seen an Englishman and We were forbidden to speak the language even in our
homes. We had almost forgotten that there were countries like England, France
and America, as no news reached us from those regions. Daily we were fed on
so many falsehoods and lies that We could digest it no longer. When there was
a glut in the market, the Agence Nationale had to mix its dishes of lies with
some condiments of Mohammedan rising in India, Irish Rebellion, Afghan rang-
ing herself against England and famine in London--thus these new spices might
please the already satiated tastes of the worn and long-suffering public.
For years we had not seen a copy of the Clwistian Commonwealth, and
it was only through the thoughtfulness and kindness of Mrs. Stannard in Lon-
don and an educated Persian girl, Miss Morassa Khanom, in Port Said, that the
other day we received two copies of Oct. 2d and 9th. After yea-rs of depriva-
tion, again our eyes are brightened with the spiritual contents of that noble
periodical, portraying in a vivid manner, week after week, month after month,
year after year, the lofty ideals and social strivings of the age! . . . . .
There was a time that We were not sure What would happen to us next
day, distracted with anxiety and utterly hopeless as to our future. . . . . .
But the sudden and unexpected attack and capture of Haifa by the vic-
torious British Army under the matchless leadership of General Allenby, threw
an electric wave of joy through all parts of Syria, set at liberty hundreds of
thousands of men and opened the doors of correspondence and communication
with our friends abroad.
Abdul-Baha, after four years of silence and isolation, was again pleased
to meet and speak with men who understand his ideas and respect his convic-
tions. English officers of all ranks, Major General, Brigadier General, Colonels,
Majors, Lieutenants, Captains and non-commissioned men and privates have
called on him and drank tea with him and listened reverently to his words of
wisdom. The military Governors of Acca and Haifa have often met him; the
former being his guest at dinner. Once about eight members of the Australian
Flying Corps, who have their aerodome at the foot of Mount Carmel, were his
guests all day in Bahje, near Acca. They visited the tomb of 
listened to the lecture of Abdul-Baha on the history of this Cause and its prin-
ciples, and left in the evening in their large auto with glad hearts and beaming
faces. Never were they so royally received in Palestine! They were over-
whelmed with the extreme kindness and attention of the Master. Surely they
will never forget what they heard and saw, and they will write home about their
unique experiences and relate the same to their friends. . . . . .
Since the beginning of the war, Abdul-Baha has been subjected to manifest

