122 STAR OF
vacation. The next morning they went
to the garden and met Abdul-Baha.
\Vith joy and praise he said to them:
"The Bahai students in Beirut have so
conducted themselves, both within and
without the college, that even the Prot-
estants and members of the faculty have
testified to their superiority. He who is
possessed of good behavior is always
happy, always at ease and every soul be-
comes attracted to him. There is noth-
ing better than good conduct. A few
years ago some young men from Acca
entered Beirut College and so conducted
themselves that everyone complained of
them. They accomplished nothing and
were finally expelled."
This same afternoon there was a Wed-
ding feast for Esfandiar, a Zorost-rian
believer from Bombay, India, and the
daughter of Djemsheed, the gardener of
'Ferdows (the Garden of Paradise in
Aeca). In the afternoon there was a big
meeting at which two American ladies
were present. Abdul-Baha told of some
of the difiiculties encounter-ed in the
early days, speaking thus: remem-
ber when I was a child in Teheran, that
if two of the friends desired to meet they
had to do so at midnight. It was impos-
sible to see one another in daylight.
Even if they accidentally met on the
street, they dared show no sign of recog-
nition. They saw each other only under
the cover of night, and then always with
the greatest precaution in going to one
another's house. They guarded very
carefully against being observed by any-
one. In those days, the people of Persia
considered the Cause of God entirely
wiped out, and that all of the Bahais had
been killed and their homes destroyed.
But, today, in spite of the deniers, and
the opposers, under the shadow of the
favors and bounties of the Blessed
Beauty in the neighbor-
hood of the Supreme Threshold, at the
foot of Mt. Carmel, such gatherings and
meetings are being held, blessed verses
are being chanted, engagements and wed-
dings are being celebrated, and happi-
THE 
ness and pleasure is abounding among
the believers. Praise be to God, this is a
gathering of utmost spirituality, the
hearts are turning to the Blessed Beauty;
the souls are rejoicing in the glad tidings
of God. I-Iis mention is their only
thought. He their only sign. All of the
friends are His servants. What a great
bounty! Such a gathering, such a place
at such a time was inconceivable to any
of those in the early days."
In describing the imprisonment of the
Blessed Beauty Abdul-
Baha added: "What days were those!
They were days of great tests, self-sacri-
fice, absolute spirituality, severance, at-
traction and enkindlement. The phys-
ical conditions were insignificant. The
friends Were filled with the Spirit. They
did not seem to be of this world, although
they walked upon the earth, they were
in the Supreme Concourse. They pos-
sessed another world. They were sub-
merged in the ocean of severance. Souls
could not be more attracted or enkindled
than these. I hope that, God willing,
this wedding will be happy and blessed
through the infinite blessings of the
Kingdom of Abha. May they be under
the protection of the Blessed Beauty.
May the heavenly blessing descend upon
them, the light of the Kingdom shine
upon them and may they establish a new
spiritual home. This is my hope."
June 23, 1914.
Abdul-Baha spent the entire day in
writing about fifteen tablets to Persia
and America, receiving great numbers
of friends and visitors. The military
commanders of Damascus and Jerusalem
came, too, and invited him to the old
Holy City, Jerusalem. His answer to
them Was, "Inshallah" ("If God is will-
ing").
June 24, 1914.
After the departure of the Blessed
Beauty Abdul-Baha
showed and proved to the Bahais
throughout the World that teaching the

