30 A 
obtained. All schools and colleges should
have these three foundations:
F4Irst--They should be sincere in the
service of training the souls. They
should discover the mysteries of nature
and extend the circle of art, com-
merce, etc., so that ignorance and the
lack of knowledge will pass away and
the lights of science and knowledge
shine forth from the horizon of the
soul and heart. In all schools and
universities, a general rule for train-
ing should be made.
S'cc0nd--Training in morality is- neces-
sary, so that the pupils' good conduct
may remain unchanged and so that
they may progress in a most befitting
manner, become possessed of lofty
ideas, lovers of the world of humanity
and so that they will hold fast to the
spiritual perfections and to that which
does not displease God.
Th*ird--Service to the World of human-
ity should be obligatory. Every stu-
dent should know, with perfect cer-
tainty, that he is the brother of the
people of all religions and nations and
that he should be Without religious,
racial, national, patriotic or political
bias, so that he may find the thoughts
of universal peace and the love of
humankind firmly established in his
heart. should know himself as a
servant of human society of all the
countries in the world. should see
God as the heavenly father and all the
servants, as his children, counting all
of the nations, parties and sects as one
family. The mothers in the homes, the
teachers in the schools, the professors
in the universities, and the leaders in
the lofty gatherings, must cause these
thoughts to- be penetrative and effec-
tive, as the spirit, circulating in the
veins and nerves of the children and
pupils, so that the World of humanity
may be delivered from the calamities
of fanaticism, War, battle, hate and
obstinaoy, and so that the nether world
may become the paradise of heaven."
THE WEST
In the evening, a group of Persian pil-
grims came from Merv, Russia, and
Abdul-Baha gave the following advices:
"Never let the friends be separated from
other people and nations. They must
strive for unity and harmony, through
good deeds and morals. They must be
kind to all, tolerant with all and good in
conduct. Day by day, may they become
nearer to the threshold of the Blessed
Beauty. May they engage in elevating
the Word of God and arise in spreading
the Cause of God. Day by day, may they
become more attracted and more holy.
Night and day, I supplicate and beseech
the threshold of the Blessed Beauty,
seeking confirmations and assistance for
the friends o-f Cod. I have the greatest
attachment for the friends of the Blessed
Beauty and I never forget them."
On the morning of February 16th, the
friends from Merv, Russia, left for their
country and a. party of nine, men and
Women, from Yezd, Nayreez (Persia)
and Bombay (India), arrived in the
holy land. Ab-dul-Baha was exceeding-
ly glad to see them and showered his
bl'essings upon them, saying: "In the
beginning of the Cause, the friends in
Nayreez and Serostan were surging in
activity. The friends there are either of
the old believers or o-f the children of
the They ha.ve indeed been of
great service in the path of God. They
were self-sacrificing and fell victims to
severe tests, b-ut all remained firm and
steadfast. Now, also, they are busy,
teaching the Ca.use of God. Today, con-
firmation is with those souls wh0- arise
to teach. The gardener is pleased with
the flower that is diffusing its fragrance.
The nostrils are perfumed by its sweet
smell. The souls, who are engaged in
teaching the Cause, resemble the full-
blown flowers. Sweet fragrances are be-
ing diffused from the rose gardens of
their hearts."
ii,
On February 17th, some of the believ-
ers, who had arrived the night before,

