142 STAR OF
where to begin and how to end. The
last four years, the best of my life, Were
spent under the worst conditions imag-
inable, t.he Turkish rule, Which was
more venomous than a serpent and more
deadly than a scorpion; but, praise be
to God, a hundred-thousand times praise
be to God, that We are at last free; all
Palestine is free; the people are free to
think as they like, to Write as they like
and to speak as they like. Palestine
from now on is on the road to national
life, virtuous achievements and unlimit-
ed progress.
The victorious British army came
d0Wn from Nazareth like unto a mighty
irresistible Whirlwind on September 23,
and at 3 p. m. took possession of our
town, after a battle of twenty-four hours,
the picture of which shall never be ef-
faced from the page of my memory.
The army that captured Haifa were all
English and Indian cavalrymen, and
they showed courage, invincibility and
heroism in the very jaws of death.
You have surely read the good news
of the British victory in the papers, and
your letters, newspapers, and magazines
are on the Way. We are yearning for the
news of your health and the Cause.
Surely there must have been many
changes during this long interval that
We could not communicate with each
other. Personally, I had become like a
LETTER AND TABLET TO
Haifa, Palestine,
October 8, 1918.
To Mrs. Georgie R-alston.
My dear sister in the holy Cause:
This letter was Written to you nearly
two years ago, but returned to me from
Constantinople because War was de-
clared between the United States and
Germany. Because it contains the words
of Abdul-Ba-ha as Well as the transla-
tion of his Tablet to you, I only change
the envelope, add these few words of
greeting and mail it again, hoping that
this time it may reach you safely. Dur-
THE WEST
man deaf, blind, and speechless. All the
fair realities of my past happy life in
America, England, and France had be-
come like faint dreams, and these dreams
also had begun to fade away from the
page of my memory, when all of a sud-
den, as though out of the clear, blue sky,
the booming of the cannons was heard
across the mountains, heralding the glad
news of the approach of our liberators
and presaging the coming days of re-
union, happiness a11d mutual association
of the friends. Now again the World is
mine. My happiness is boundless. I
can breathe the fresh air of friendship.
I am planning to leave for the United
States as soon as possible. What joy,
What real intoxication to see again the
friends face to face!
Today I am sending the copy of a tele-
gram to Ahmed Yazdi, to be cabled to
you from Port Said.
As soon as I heard this morning that
our new postal authorities would receive
letters for the outside World, I was be-
side myself with joy and hastened to
write you this note, so that you and the
friends may know that We are all well,
awaiting anxiously to receive your news
of how things are going with you and
the friends. . . .
Your sincere brother,
Ah-mad Sohmb.
MRS. GE ORGIE RALST ON.
ing this long period of silence We have
been waiting for this day, so that We
might correspond with each other with
the utmost freedom. Praise be to God,
Abdul-Baha and all the friends are well
and are longing to look on the faces of
the believers. Please remember me to
each and all.
I am your faithful brother,
Ahmad Sokmb.
January 10, 1917.
My dear sister in the Cause:
This afternoon I spent, for more than

