STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES 11 YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dcarborn Street, Chicago, I1l., U. S. A.
Qntered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post oflice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 111.79.
Editorial R. WINDUST-- GERTRUDE BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member--MIRzA AHMAD SOHRAB
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add sufficient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
0 than Star of the West! 1-IEIS con! .
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to l'EUR1'1'l3.11'.l firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the ob3ect of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
dia illb 'cl db Id-id dt
thy arena become vast an spacious an voice an _me raise an ecome Wor c--an a
last thou shalt become the first pap.er of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Arms.
Vol. IX Masheyat 1, 74- (September Z7, 191$) ,No. ll
learned who controls himself from cor-
ruption and negligence, opposes his own
desire and passion, protects religion and
the divine commands, fulfills the re-
quireme-nts.' The souls must follow the
judgment of such an one regarding laws
and by-laws. Sheikh Murtaza, indeed,
was strictly religious-. Once at noontime
prayer, a group of people were praying
in the mosque at Kazmin, under the lead-
ership of akhonds (Mohammedan
priests). At such a time Sheikh Mur-
taza arrived. He spread his cloak in the
front hall and began to pray. Suddenly,
thousands of the people left the akhonds
and swept from all directions, standing
in rows to pray under the leadership of
Sheikh Murtaza. He had to employ
seven moazzins (men who call the people
to prayer from the tower of the mosque).
He was trusted and strongly religious.
Indeed, he used to work with honesty.
No matter how much the people ques-
tioned about this Revelation, he an-
swered according to his belief, have
not yet investigated this Cause. Go and
investigate for yourselves.' The Shaikh
never said any unsuitable word. On one
occasion the ulama united with the Per-
sian consul in Bagdad and planned sedi-
tion. They sent for all of the ulama of
Karbala and Nadjaf, also Sheikh Mur-
taza, perhaps he, too, would come to Bag-
dad. It happened that while on the road
he fell and dislocated his shoulder. Al-
though the leaders persisted in asking his
opinion about the Cause, his only reply
was, do not think that it is my duty to
interfere in this matter.'
"During those thrilling times, the
Blessed Beauty, never
changed his attitude. Every day, as
usual, he went to the bank of the Tigris
river, accompanied only by Agha Mirza
Mohammed Kuli. No matter how much
the friends tried to interfere, telling him
that the multitudes were rising against
him, he paid no attention. One
day when was walking in
the reception room, two of the hypocrites
who, at heart, were with the ulama, but
who claimed to be sincere, Went into the
blessed presence. A number of the
friends were there to whom 
said: 'All of the ulama are urging others
from Nadjaf and Karbala to wage a holy
War upon us.' Then, facing the two
hypocrites, he said, 'By God! There is no
God but Him, I do not need to send more
than two persons to chase them to Kaz-
min!' Sheikh Murtaza sent the follow-
ing statement: did not know anything
about the aims of these people; I pray in
your behalf.' He was such a religious
man, he never gathered luxuries, enor-
mous funds were sent him from India,

