STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post oflice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act; ggfiMarCh 3. 1979-
Editorial R. WINDUST-- GERTRUDE ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary AHMAD Sommn
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add suflicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S7A.
TABLET FROM ABDULPB-AHA.
0 thou Star of the West! - nn IS 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every C0untry and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Althoufh for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ is small and thy Voice weak, yet shouldst thou stan unshalgable, become the_ob_1ect of the attentlon
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of_ the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-w1de--and at
last thou shalt 'become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these_depencl upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Arms.
Vol. IX Jamal 1; 74 (April 28, 1912) No.3
"And some of his revealed by Abdul-Baha
on the "signs" of Baha'o'llah
He Is God!
Praise be unto the One Who area-ted the World and made
every existing thing Wonderful!
He gave the sincere praise-Worthy stations and made the invisible visible,
but all others are groping in their deep sleep.
He laid the foundation in the erection of the lofty palace and the glorious
light; created the new creatures in a. manifest resurrection still the
people are headless in their slumber.
He blew the horn; the (first) trumpet sounded; the drum was beaten;
those in the World of existence Were stunned still the dead are dormant
in the graves of their bodies.
Then the second trumpet sounded; it brought the breath of life to some
of the dead; even the nursing mothers forgot their infants !--and still the
people in their unconsciousness do not comprehend.
The day of judgment has come; the hour has struck; the path is extended 
the balance (scale of justice) is set up; all the contingent beings are gathered
(for judgment) still the people are afflict-ed with blindness!
The light has shone forth; the Mount of became illumined; the soft
breeze of the rose-gardens of the forgiving Lord blew gently; the fragrances
of the Spirit were diffused; the dead Wore resurrected from the graves !--and
still the headless are asleep in their tombs.
The fires are blazing; heaven is nigh; the meadows are blooming; paradise

