144 STAR OF THE WEST
come more loving and kind toward each
other and always good news may arrive
from New York, granting joy and hap-
piness to the hearts of the yearning ones.
Convey on my behalf kindness and greet-
ing to each and all the friends and the
maid-servants of the Merciful.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABBAS.
The Mashrekol-azkar
LETTER FROM EXECUTIVE BOARD OF BAHAI TEMPLE UNITY.
November 1, 1918.
Beloved friends in the Covenant of
El-Abha:
In these hours, whe'n the map of the
whole world suffers transformation, and
the political and geographic divisions of
humanity are recreated, let us who have
been informed of these events before
their occurrence by the Pen of the Center
of the Covenant, turn the realities of our
spirits to Him of whom it is written, "In
that Day, the heavens and the earth
shall be but His handful."
These vast outer changes are among
His signs and the outward preparation
for the indwelling of the Kingdom. But
the veritable sign of the Kingdom, as he
says, "that which is to be in the incep-
tion of the organization of the Kingdom"
is the founding of the Mashrekol-azkar.
This heavenly edifice, Abdul-Baha says,
"is an expression of the upraising of
the evident Standard which is waving
in the center of that continent, the
results and effects of which will become
manifest in the hearts and spirits"; "it
will have a tremendous effect upon civil-
ization"; "it contains divine wisdoms";
"this Mashrekol-azkar is the first Divine
Institute in America"; "a place of
spiritual gathering and of the manifesta-
tion of divine mysteries"; "though out-
wardly a material foundation is pos-
sessed of spiritual effect. These are the
definitions of the Center of the Cove-
nant. Read them as we will, are they
not conclusive as to the present clear
responsibility of the Bahais to establish
this Point which must precede the organ-
ization of the KingdOm? Abdul-Baha
said in a Tablet translated Sept. 23,1911,
"God said in the Koran, 'It is those who
believed in God and the Last Day shall
build the Temple of God' That Day
is here and now. Where are those who
believe, who "shall build the Temple"?
Praise be to God, the pure hearts, the
sincere believers have already given an
earnest that from the Sea of Recognition
they have drunk a cup whose living water
melted away the veils, enabling them to
become conscious that, veritably, "He is
God," that this is the "Last Day", even
His Day, and that it is they whom He
now calls to build the greatest symbol
of His Day, the Temple of God.
The Mashrekol-azkar treasury. bears
witness today to the genuine efiort
already made by the beloved of God, to
fulfill the command. But there remains
a further step before the goal is reached.
We are as one, pausing after a great
exertion, just without the Promised
Land.
But he says, "Hasten! Hasten unto
the great bounty! Press! Press forward
unto the abundant mercy! Speed! Speed
unto the manifest light! Be urgent! Be
urgent for the great attainment!" And
with what tender mercies hath he
recently encouraged us to take this final
step so that we may announce to him
the glad tidings of full obedience that
the sum required is at hand, nay running
over.
Consider that within a few weeks the
outer communication with Abdul-Baha
has been restored. Even as he has in
his wisdom and favor chosen this free-
dom for himself, so also is the world in
this hour attaining to freedom. Like-
wise may we attain to the spiritual free-
dom of service through full obedience.
Vast events are impending; "for every

