STAR OF THE WEST 29
for the friends and pilgrims wa.s held
in the blessed home. Abdul-Baha an-
swered the question of one, who stood
at his service, saying: "This cycle is the
cycle of favor and not of justice. There-
fore, those whose deeds are clean and
pure, even though they are not believers,
will not be deprived of the divine mercy;
but perfection is in faith and deeds. Un-
doubtedly, a person, who is not a be-
liever, but whose deeds and morals are
good, is far better than one who claims
his belief in words but, who, in actions,
is a follower of satan. The Blessed
Beauty says, 'My humiliation is not in
my imprisonment, which, by my life,
is an exaltation to me; nay rather, it is
in the deeds of my friends, who attrib-
ute themselves to us and commit that
which causes my heart and pen to
weep l' 
In the afternoon of February 13th,
the American pilgrims held a special
memorial meeting, for the departure of
Mirza Abul-Fazl, at the holy threshold of
the Bab, on Mount Carmel. Abdul-Baha
attended the meeting and spent that
night at the home of Abbas Kuli, near
the blessed tomb. In the morning of
February 14th, Abdul-Baha went to the
hospice (the home of the pilgrims) close
to the tomb of the Bab and sat in the
parlor, facing the tomb of Baha'o'llah.
He said: The view from this hospice is
very beautiful, especially because it faces
the tomb of the Blessed Beauty and
Acca. In the future it will all be built
up between Acca and Haifa. Acca and
Haifa will be joined together and will
take the first place in the world. Now,
as I glance into the future, I see the
greatest port in the world here. This
semi-circular bay will be a large harbor
for ships, so that the entering boats may
be protected from the Waves and winds
of the storm. This harbor will be filled
with ships of the nations. All of these
regions will be decorated by buildings
and lofty palaces. Many gardens and
flower beds will be made. There will be
electric lights and from here to Acca
will be flooded with them. It will be a
wonderful sight, especially at night, for
those who come from the sea or who look
from the summit of the mountains.
From all of these regions, the cry of 'Ya-
Baha-el-Abha l' (O Thou Glorious of the
Most Glorious!) shall rise. All the souls
will come in a state of supplication, im-
ploring and chanting the communes. In
every town, the melodies from the Mash-
rak-el-Azkar on this Mount Carmel, will
be most pleasing to the ears.
"It is wonderful! Consider where
this Cause was at first and Where it is
now! And where is Shiraz, Teheran,
B-agdad, Roumelia, Constantinople and
Acca! These events took place only for
the fulfillment of the prophecies of the
prophets. God's ways are wonderful.
For 2,000 years, he has made the Cause
travel here and there, until it reached
the spot in which it would fulfill all the
prophecies. God will, unquestionably,
declare openly the Prince of Peace, of
whom he spoke, through the prophets,
and he will not erase a single letter."
In the morning of February 15th, a
large numb-er of American ladies, who
were going to Jerusalem, visited Abdul-
Baha. Afterwards, the governor of
Damascus, the judge of Haifa and a
number of statesmen went to see him,
in his home. He spoke to them in de-
tail about historical matters, scientific
facts, the life histories of some of the
doctors and sages of the past and of the
requirements for this great century, the
oneness o-f the world of humanity and
universal peace.
In the afternoon, the president of
Beirut College (Syrian Protestant Col-
lege), the head of the hospital, and a
large number of students, came to see
Abdul-Baha and he spoke as follows:
"The schools should be free from all
religious and racial prejudices, for these
often prevent good results from being

