STAR OF THE WEST 135
cry one. From the Blessed Beauty, I
seek confirmation a11d assistance that all
may be protected in His Kingdom, and
under the shadow of His bounty. l\-lay
He -gather them and shelter them in His
shelter, and in the assembly of Spl6l3?lO1'
submerge them in the sea of light.' 
Thus all of the visitors returned to
their own countries. From this it is evi-
dent that Abdul-Baha knows that which
no one knows. Undoubtedly, he knew
that the World War was nearing, there-
fore he dismissed the people.
June 30, 1914.
In the morning a young German from
Stuttgart arrived (see STAR or run
Wnsr, Vol. VII, No. 3, page 20), and in
the evening Abdul-Baha made the fol-
lowing statement: "\Vhen I leave the
world I Want my heart to be assured that
the Blessed Beauty has self-sacrificing
servants who, in the utmost reverence,
arose to serve the Cause of God. This is
the cause of quieting my agitated
heart."
July 1st, 1914, Abdul-Baha Went from
Haifa to Aoca.
July 2, 1914.
Today, Abdul-Baha revealed the fol-
lowing tablet to a philosopher in India:
an is eon!
thou lover of reality! His High-
ness, the Merciful, has manifested love
and harmony to the World of humanity,
so that all of the individuals may find a
complete connection with each other and
the lights of the Oneness of God may
appear in the human world. For this
He sent the Holy Manifestations; re-
vealed the heavenly books; established
the divine religions, so that these holy
souls, these revealed books, and these
divine religions may become the cause
of unity, agreement, harmony and love
in the World of humanity. \Vhen We
consider the reality of divine religions,
We see that reality is one because all of
the divine religions are reality, and real-
ity does not accept multiplicity or divi-
sion. Alas, that the foundation of real-
ity has disappeared and imitations, cus-
toms and ceremonies that are the founda-
tion of dissension, the cause of obstinacy,
the means of war and struggle have
appeared. The. original purpose of the
appearance of the Holy Manifestations
and the establishment of the divine
teachings have passed away. When this
black darkness, that is, the imitations of
fathers and forefathers, surrounded the
world and the original illumination of
divine religions became obliterated, the
Morn of Truth dawned and the Sun of
Reality (Baha'o'llah) shone forth from
the horizon of Persia and cast the rays
of heavenly oneness upon the world of
humanity. He brought down the edifice
of the imitations of the ignorant, the
human conduct and customs that eman-
ate from the prejudices of the ancient.
These divine teachings are established
in the heart of the horizons like unto the
penetration of the spirit in the bodies.
Thus, at present in Persia, through the
breathing of the Spirit of God, different
people have torn asunder the curtain
of superstitions, become free from the
imitations of the ignorant, reached real-
ity, and in the utmost harmony and love
are associating with people of difierent
religions. Great assemblies are being or-
ganized oonsisting of Moslems, Jews,
Zoroastrians and sometimes Buddhists,
including many races. Turks, Arabs,
Persians, Kurds, English, French and
Americans mingle together as kind and
happy brothers. Like the lambs of God,
they graze in the meadow of reality,
under the shadow of the training" of the
heavenly Shepherd. W'hen thou consid-
erest truth or reality thou wilt see that
these old and decayed limitations in relig-
ion hec-ome the cause of bloodshed among
the people and the nations.
"As this age is a luminous age and this
century the century of knowledge, new
teachings are necessary, a new cffulgence

