18 STAR OF
so when we started, We went on a long
journey. Every day, we Were in a town
or a city. Indeed, the American cities
are very large. I spoke of the validity
of his holiness, Christ, and of the ac-
cepted Messenger (Mohammed) in most
of the Christian churches and in the
synagogues of the Jews. When I ar-
rived there, I found that the proofs of
the validity of the divine Manifestations
had not been given, nor the spiritual
questions explained in those churches
and public gatherings. Therefore, I
arose to explain and give proofs. My
addresses comprise more than two vol-
umes."
On December 9th, Abdul-Baha went
to Acca. The train was filled with the
friends, who were chanting poems with
infinite joy, until they arrived in the
Holy City. After dinner Abdul-Baha
went to the holy tomb and prayed for
all the believers. The inhabitants of
Acca, who had been bitter enemies for
more than two-score years received him
with utmost joy, respect and humble-
ness. Abdul-Baha said: did not like
to have such a big' gathering on my ar-
rival in Acca. I intended to go quietly
to visit the tomb of Baha'o'llah and to
stay for a few days. Now I have to re-
turn sooner to Haifa." And with the
same joy and fragrance, they returned
to Haifa.
As to the health and happiness of
Abdul-Baha, he said many times: "My
health and happiness are in this, when
I see the friends of God engaged in
spreading the divine fragrances, arising
to serve the Cause of God, forgetting
every thought save that of teaching, cast-
ing into the corner of forgetfulness
every matter but that of unity and
harmony. Consider in every age what
confirmation and assistance were re-
ceived by those souls who devoted their
time to serving the Cause and spreading
the divine fragrances. On the contrary,
those who were absorbed by personal in-
terests or political affairs degraded not
THE WEST
only themselves but their associates.
Thus, in this day, the friends of God
should see that all glory lies in teaching
the Cause of God and that every happi-
ness is found in the shadow of the Word
of God."
A talk by Abdul-Baha, on December
17th, in Acca: "How very unjust
the people are! From the day of the
appearance of his holiness, Christ, until
now he has not been mentioned in the
synagogues of the Jews. Now, the Ba-
ha.is are proving in the Jewish syna-
gogues that Christ is the Word of God
and that Christ is the Spirit of God.
In the Christian churches, the Bahais
are proving that his holiness, Moham-
med, the Messenger was a prophet of
God. Notwithstanding this, the people
are not pleased with us. Once, when I
was on my way to speak in a church in
New York city, a person from India, a
man prominent in that city, met us acci-
dentally. He was surprised and said to
himself, will go and see what all this
is about.' He came to the church and
saw me standing on the platform, prov-
ing the prophethood o-f his holiness the
Messenger of God. Indeed, he became
amazed. When we came out, his face
was radiant beyond description. He said,
'In the name of God! What does this
mean, that a person proves the prophet-
hood of his holiness, Mohammed, in the
presence of the Christian ministers!' He
became much attracted to the Cause. In
reality, the church was full of people.
Afterwards, the minister, too, showed his
appreciation, thankfulness and joy.
"Although we were in the utmost
Weakness and feebleness during this
journey, yet the confirmations of the
Blessed Beauty were like unto the surg-
ing sea. Wherever we went, just before
beginning to speak, I saw the doors
opening and the lights of the Sun of
Reality confirming, beyond the power of
description. Everywhere we went, in
churches, synagogues and meetings, I
turned first to the Kingdom of Abha,

