182 STAR OF THE WEST
Letter to Pauline A. Hannen
(Continued from page 179)
of prominence meet the beloved Abdul-
Baha daily and converse with him on
the problems of peace and war, the
rights and duties of small nations, the
advisability of the formation of the
league of peoples and the necessity for
the organization of a strong executive
power which may be able to back up the
ideals of universal brotherhood and
peace. I may record herein the names
of some of these oflicers--so that our
friends in the West may get an idea of
those with whom Abdul-Baha is meet-
ing. Amongst others . . . . [Here a num-
ber of lines were cut out by the Censor]
. . . . .eager to hear the constructive
teachings of this movement and visit
the Holy Tomb of the Blessed Beauty
with the utmost reverence and respect.
Many of them are more or less acquaint-
ed with the Cause and know and are
informed of the broad outline of its
history. When on September 23rd, the
conquering General and his English a.nd
Indian Cavalry entered Haifa, one of
the first questions that he asked of the
President of Municipality was about
the health of "His Excellency" Abdul-
Baha, the head of the Bahai Movement
and whether the Turks in any way had
in the past few years molested his tran-
quillity and quiet life. Being assured
that God has protected him and his fol-
lowers, the General was satisfied and
later in the afternoon of the same day,
he sent his aid-de-camps to Abdul-
Baha's home to meet him and make per-
sonal inquiries about his health. Next
morning he called himself and had a
pleasant interview. Three days later,
Col. Stores, the Military Governor of
Jerusalem, who was acquainted with
Abdul-Baha when in Egypt, came to
Haifa in his own automobile to meet him
and after his warm reception informed
the Cairo believers by cable that Abdul-
Baha was enjoying good health.
In short, the atmosphere of Acca and
Haifa is quite changed. It is more in-
tellectual, more spiritual, more fraught
with activity and freedom.
Your sincere brother,
Ahmad Sohrab.
Stories Children Should Know--St0ries about Baha'o'llah
(Continued from page 177)
become a rebel. The sultan issued orders
that several regiments of soldiers and
artillery men be sent to the scene and
quell the disturbance. After a few min-
utes the thunderous noise of guns and
artillery was heard behind the tent and
we were told they were engaged in
battle.
This youth became astonished and
bewildered at these affairs. Then the re-
view ended and the curtain descended.
After twenty minutes a man came out
from behind the tent with a box under
his arm. I asked him, "What is this
box? Where is the king and all the
men?" He answered, that all these
great things and manifest objects, such
as kings, princes and ministers, glory,
power, majesty and sovereignty that I
beheld were inclosed in this box.
I declare by the Lord, Who hath cre-
ated all things through His Word, that
from that day all the conditions of this
world and its greatness have been like
that play before the eyes of this youth.
(Extract from Tablet to the Sultan of
Turkey. From Star of the West, Vol. 2,
No. 2, p. 3.)
VISION OF AT THE
AGE OF SIX YEARS.
He saw himself fall into the sea. In
the water his long hair became shining

