STAR OF THE WEST 87
minds, etc. But sometimes it is neces-
sary for them to be with other well
brought up children. Consider-when
a child becomes two years old it likes
to associate with other children. Con-
sider the birds how they gather and fly
together. Do you remember when you
were a child how pleased you. were with
the children who were of your age and
how happy you were?"
(St-ar of the West, Vol. 7, No. 9,
p. 77.)
-ii
All children should be educated, but
if parents cannot educate both the boys
and the girls, then it would b'e better
to educate the girls, for they will be
the mothers of the coming generation.
This is a radical idea for the East,
where I come from, but it is already
taking effect there, for the Bahai women
of Persia are being educated along with
the men.
Is it not a fact that the females of
many species of animals are stronger
and more powerful than the males? The
chief cause of the mental a.nd physical
inequalities of the sexes is due to cus-
tom and training, which for ages past
have molded women into the ideal of the
weaker vessel.
The world in the past has been ruled
by force and man has dominated over
woman by reason of his more forceful
and aggressive qualities both of body
and mind. But the scales are already
shifting, force is losing its Weight, and
mental alertness, intuition, and the
spiritual qualities of love and service, in
which woman is strong, are gaining as-
cendency. Hence the new age will be
an age less masculine and more per-
meated with the feminine ideals, or, to
speak more exactly, will be an age in
which the masculine and feminine ele-
ments of civilization will be more prop-
erly balanced.
(Star of the West, Vol. 3, No. 3,
p. 4.)
The fathers, and especially the moth-
ers, must always think how they can
best educate their children; not how to
fondle and embrace them and thus spoil
-them. By every means at their dis-
posal they must inculcate in their grow-
ing bo-dies, souls, minds and spirits the
principles of sincerity, love, trustful-
ness, obedience, true democracy and
kindness toward all the races; thus here-
after the world civilization may flow in
one mighty current and the children of
the next generation may make secure
the foundations of human solidarity and
good-will. From the tenderest child-
hood the children must be taught by
their mothers the love of God and the
love of humanity; not the love of the
humanity of Asia, or the humanity of
Europe, or the humanity of America,
but the humanity of humankind. There
are some mothers who have a strange,
inexplicable love for their children.
One may call it the inversion of love,
or as we call it in Persia "bearish love."
This kind of love does more injury to
the child than good. 'When I was in
Acca, during the life of Baha'o'llah, I
intrusted the son of one of the believers
to a German carpenter. After a month,
his mother went to Baha'o'llah and la-
mented and bemoaned, want my son,
because he is unhappy with this car-
penter, who curses his religion."
Baha'o'llah told her to "go to Agha
(the Master) and whatever he says, act
accordingly. 
She came to me, and after she had
told. her side of the story I told her:
"The Germans never curse anyone.
They are not accustomed to it.' 
She went away, and after another
month she came again to Baha'o'llah
with another complaint that this car-
penter had forced her son to carry on
his back a load of wheat. Again I told
her that if he had done so it was for
discipline. I quieted her, but she was
murmuring inwardly. A few months
rolled by, and she returned with another
set of complaints, frankly confessing

