194- STAR OF THE WEST
through the winter anyway, and I trust
he does.
At lunch we had another long talk;
then came the leave-taking and the Mas-
ter's blessing. He sent greetings by mg
to all his friends in Egypt, Europe, Eng-
land and America!
As I drove ofi on my return to Haifa,
I caught a glimpse of the Master, staff
in hand, wending his way through the
awful Acca slums, on his way to attend
the local Peace celebrations . . . .
. . He
stands out a majestic figure. . . . . .
And here I am again on Mount Car-
mel, writing this letter with the moonlit
sea before me. I have paid my visit to
the Governor of Haifa, and tomorrow
am free to climb Mount Carmel, to visit
the Tomb of the Bab, and to spend one
night in the house of the Master among
his devoted friends. He himself Will not
return here for another week.
He is helping to solve religious prob-
lems that have arisen inthe Acca area as
the result of the British occupation.
Abdul-Baha is quite satisfied that an
era of peace is immediately ahead, and
that the vast outstanding problems left
to as as an aftermath of war, will grada-
ally be solved, so that the prophetic ut-
terances of his father will become clearly
manifest during the present generation.
Abdul-Baha looks to America as the
nation which, being more disinterested
than any European Power, will be able
to help forward the realization of the
world-wide unity and peace.
He anticipates a spiritual revival, not
merely one of religion, but possibly one
outside organized religion altogether.
It is hoped that We may shortly look
for the publication of the complete
Works of and America
will probably take the lead in this work.
Meanwhile, it would seem absolutely es-
sential that those interested in the mat-
ter should collect the authorized writ-
ings an should make every effort to
see that a really accurate history of the
Movement from the beginning of the
last century to the present time should
be published.
News of Abdul-Baha--Letters received by Lotfullah Hakim,
from Shogi Eiiendi and Major W. Tudor-Pole
LETTER FROM SHOGI EFFENDI
Acca, Palestine,
November 19, 1918.
Dr. Lotfullah Hakim,
London, England.
My dear spiritual brother:
Captain* Tudor-Pole surprised and
gladdened us with his unexpected arrival
from Egypt. My grandfather, Abdul-
Baha, was so glad to look at his radiant
face and feel, from shaking his hands,
the fresh fragrances of the ablazed
Bahais of England. He inquired for you
and was gratified to know you were all
under God's protection throughout this
*Is now a Major_E0lit0rs.
great world War. The Beloved has been
sojourning for a month and a half at
Aeca, visiting almost daily the Tomb of
his father and offering his thanksgivings
for the bounty, care and protection of
the Blessed Perfection. Today Captain
Tudor-Pole accompanied him to the Holy
Shrine, and tomorrow the Beloved will
drive with him to the Rizwan, the gar-
den in which His Holiness 
spent many days and nights.
The Master is expecting, now that the
communications are restored, to hear
from you freq-uently and directly of the
progress of the Cause and the spiritual
gatherings and of the concord and har-
mony of the souls.
I am so glad and privileged to be able

