STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become One in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of afieqtion and unity between the sons oi men shall be strength-
ened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. 'So it shall be; these fruitless
strifes; these rumous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IX Mulk l, 74 (February 7, 1919) No. I8
Stories Children Should Know
Second article under this heading; the first appeared in issue No. 16, page 177
Compiled from the Words of Baha'o'llah and Abdul-Baha to assist Parents and Teachers
in the Education of Children--A Sequel to "Bahai ll/Iethods of Education,"
published in the current Volume of the "Star of the West"
BY PAULINE A. HANNEN
Incidents in the Childhood of Abdul-Baha
is good to be a spreader of the
I Teachings of God in childhood. 
was a teacher in this Cause at the
age of this child (eight or nine years).
This reminds me of a story. There. was a
man, highly educated, but not a Bahai.
I, but a child, was to make of him a
believer. The brother of this man
brought him to me. I stayed With him,
to teach him. He said, am not con-
vinced, I am not satisfied." I answered,
"If Water were offered to a thirsty one,
he would drink and be satisfied. Ho.
would take the glass. But you arc not
thirsty. 'Were you thirsty, then you too
would be satisfied. A man with seeing
eyes sees. I can speak of the sun to
every seeing one, and say it is a sign of
the day; but a blind person would not
be convinced because he cannot sec the
sun. If I say to a man with good hear-
ing, listen to the beautiful music, he
would then listen and be made happy
thereby. But if you play the most beau-
tiful music in the presence of a deaf
man, he would hear nothing. Now go
and receive seeing eyes and hearing
ears, then I will speak further with you
on this subject." He went; but later
he returned. Then he understood and
became a good Bahai. This happened
when I Was very young.
(Told in Stuttgart, Germany, April 4,
1918.)
When I Was a little boy in I
was followed and beaten by the boys
and the people because I was a Babi,
but my own people were very glad of
this, for they knew that the power of
God is manifested in persecution. If the
tree is watered by the rain and the sun
shines upon it, is it any Worse for it if a
little dust falls upon its leaves'? If the
father is pleased with his child What
docs it care about the neighbor's
opinion?
(From Book of Miscellany, ctc., p. 54.)
I cared more for l1earing the Tablets
of the Bab recited than anything clsc.
I used to commit them to memory and
repeat them. This was the greatest
pleasure I knew in my childhood--my'
play and amusement. I was not fond
of study, nor did I care for books.
At Bagdad I rode on horse back; at
one time I had an idea that I would

