STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strength-
ened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless
strifes; these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IX Ola 1, 74 (March 2,1919) No. 19
Letter from Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, at Cairo, Egypt, to the
Bahai friends in America
Cairo, Egypt,
January 1, 1919.
To the friends in the United States of
America!
My dear brothers and sisters in the
Cause!
It is with great pleasure that I take
up the pen to write you these few
words about our experiences since our
departure from the presence of Abdul-
Baha. Before everything else I wish
you a very happy new year, a new
year full of joy and prosperity and
pregnant with peace and brotherhood.
Praise be to God, that from the hour
that I left Haifa with my travelling com-
panion, Dr. AflatoonBagdad, the confirmation of the Be-
loved has been descending upon us un-
interruptedly.
On December 23d, in the morning, I
came down from the Mountain of God
for the last time. I was introduced into
the presence of the Masterwas with him, receiving his
sacred instructions. He assured me that
he will pray for my help in the middle
of nights and with this heavenly prom-
ise he embraced me and kissed both my
cheeks, sending me into the world with
a heart full of desire to serve him. At
11 :30 we left Haifa on the officers' train
and on our way to '1'oul~Karem we made
friends With a number of military men,
talked with them about the Cause and
gave them to Tudor-Pole's
article published in the Palestine News
of Dec. 19th, on "Abdul-Baha." They
became very much interested, and we
left them to themselves, either to con-
tinue their investigation or drop it out
of their lives. In Toul-Karem, the black
soldiers of the Vilest Indian Islands Were
most kind to us, and gave us shelter
from rain and bad weather. With them
we had a most profitable talk. I got
the addresses of some of them, so that
when I am in the United States, either
Mr. Gregory or myself may travel to
those islands and diffuse the fragrance
of the Paradise of Abha. In the
evening we slept in a train and became
good friends with the two English engi-
neers. We spoke to them a little about
the Cause, and as they Were working
on Haifa-Toul-Karem road, we gave
them the address of the Beloved to call
on him.
On December 24th we were obliged to
stay in Toul-Karem till afternoon, and
continued our spiritual talks with our
black, polite friends. One of them, Mr.
Jardine from was very
illumined, had a good heart and knew
a great deal from the Bible. The. inter-
change of our ideas was most helpful to
both left in open
cars with hundreds of Indian soldiers
returning home, while the rain was pour-
ing on our heads. Those who were in
our car were Mo-hammedans, and their
treatment of us was kindly and consid-
erate. Much we talked together about
Islam and its modern aspect, leading

