24 STAR OF
future of Persia will be. This example
is sufficient'."
hi
"Welc"ome! How are you! No strength
is left in me because I have talked so
much, from morning until now. Some-
times it becomes a matter of duty to
speak and if man fails to do so he is
held responsible by God. This is one of
these days. Although I was not feeling
well, I spoke in detail, because it was a
matter of duty to speak. Through the
spreading and circulating of falsehoods
in these regions the hearts of certain
people have harbored them. I spoke of
what I said in Europe and America and
of what was spread in the papers. I ex-
plained to them that it was not as they
understood it. For instance, they be-
lieved that We were the enemies of his
holiness Mohammed, the Messenger,
and yet, many addresses had been
given in the Christian churches and in
the synagogues of the Jews proving the
validity of his holiness the Messenger.
Some of these misunderstandings were
removed. Today, the mofti (judicial
lawyer who rules according to the laws
in the Mohammedan religion) said to me,
'These talks which have appeared in the
papers have indeed removed many super-
stitions.' What an injustice!
"Philosopher Vambery, who was in
Budapest, Austria, had never believed in
any of the religions. For years and years
he traveled in Constantinople, Afghanis-
tan, Turkestan and Persia and learned
the languages. of these countries very well.
He said to me: 'Because of this, I am
amazed and surprised, that I, Vambery
have not the courage to and cannot men-
tion the name of Christ with reverence in
the churches of the Jews. But you have
THE WEST
proved with such courage and power, in
the synagogues of the Jews, that Jesus
Christ was the Word and the Spirit of
God.'
"In America certain people gave
warnings that, This person is the enemy
of Christ,' and upon our arrival there,
they printed in the papers that 'The
enemy of Christ has arrived.' Even
when I was in Washington a bundle of
pamphlets was thrown into my carriage
as I was leaving a church in which I had
just spoken to a very large gathering of
people. The pamphlet contained sev-
eral pages. They Wrote that, 'These Ba-
hais are the enemies of Christ and they
are destroying his edifice. Is it per-
missible that we leave Christ, who has
given his life for us for this person?'
But no one listened to them and all
showed their joy and appreciation. . . . .
"The Jews in America, did not op-
pose us. They held very good meetings
and invited me. I went and spoke to
them and they became very happy and
manifested infinite joy. In San Fran-
cisco, they all expressed their pleasure
and happiness. . . . . After these
talks the Rabbi said, 'We used to believe
that the orient was extinguished, but now
it is evident that the East is East. These
talks which we have just heard are like
those of the prophets and our glorious
ancestors in the past.' They were so
touched and affected by the talks given
in the synagogues that a letter came,
saying that the Rabbi went to a minister
and said to him, 'Your church is be-
ing remodeled and it will be a long time
before you can use it again. Come to
our synagogue and pray and supplicate
in the way you desire. Saturday is our
special day of worship and Sunday will
be yours'.' 
To be continued.)

