66 STAR OF THE WEST
The Chairman: "You have heard the
suggestion of Mrs. Coles. Is that your
desire?"
Mrs. True: "Miss Jean Masson's tab-
let is here and signed by Abdul-Baha
and it is as late as February, 1917. She
has Abdul-Baha's signature at the bot-
tom of that letter."
The Chairman: "Does that give any
help on this?"
Mrs. Coles: do not know about
that. There are tablets signed as late
as 1917."
The Chairman: "Is there any objec-
tion to Mrs. Coles' suggestion that the
Publications Committee as now consti-
tuted shall have the matter in charge,
the subject of Brother Bagdadi's mo-
tion?"
Mrs. Hoag_g: "Do I understand that
you will appoint a committee, or the
Publications Committee will do that?"
The Chairman: "Mr. Hall's motion
this morning was to the effect that the
present committee be continued unless
it was desired to change. I do not think
there is any desire to change it unless
you Want it changed. Is there any ob-
jection? If that is the consensus of the
opinion, then I Will record the motion
as embodying and reconstituting that
committee for this purpose. All those in
favor of the motion say, aye; contrary,
no."
Motion carried.
The Chairman: "It is so recorded.
What is the next item of business? Now,
several of the friends have suggested the
necessity of having something done about
indexing. Mrs. Rice-Wray has a Word
on that."
Mrs. Rice-"Tray, Mr. Remey, Mrs.
Partridge and Mrs. I-Ioagg shared in the
discussion relative to the importance, at
this time, of having a complete index of
all the authentic publications in the
Bahai Cause.
Mrs.' Rice-"Tray: "1 would like to
make a motion that the Publications
Committee, with the addition of Mr.
Remey and Mrs. Partridge and Miss Mac-
Cutcheon, or any one else they think
would be of help to them, take this mat-
ter up and look after the indexing."
Mrs. Coles; second the motion."
Motion carried.
The Chairman: "The committee as
named Will please take the matter in
hand; that is, the Publications Commit-
tee and Brother Remey, Mrs. Partridge
and Miss MacCutcheon, and, I under-
stand, any others they desire to call into
the service. Now, do you wish to take
up, at this time, the question of the
Mashrekol-azkar grounds"? Mrs. True
is 11ot here right now. She may be
back by the time Dr. Bagdadi has given
us an-outline of it."
Dr. Bagdadi: "The greatest part of
our Convention concerns the Mashrek-
ol-azkar, concerns the temple, concerns
the building of the temple. It concerns
the grounds of the temple. At the pres-
ent time We have the grounds; God will-
ing the temple Will be built.
"Those who have seen the grounds
testify they are situated in the best place
in Chicago, or a suburb of Chicago, Wil-
mette. Those grounds became sacred by
the presence of Abdul-Baha. It is
sacred because the believers of Chi-
cago and outside, who go there, always
pray there.
"It has been the custom in Chicago
to hold the summer Sunday meetings on
the temple grounds, on account of the
heat. We meet at the Masonic Temple
every Sunday, right in the heart of the
city, but during the months of July,
August and September, that hall is un-
bearable, and, therefore, We hold our
Sunday meetings on the temple grounds.
few years ago the people of Chi-
cago became accustomed to visit those
grounds in order to escape the heat and
to enjoy themselves. Many of them at-
tended the meeti-ngs and some of them
benefited by the meetings. They saw
the harmony and the unity of the Bahais,

