STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, $15 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, I911, at the post ofiice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3,7187'.
Editorial ALBERT R. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary AHMAD SOHRAIB
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S.A.
To personal checks please acid sufiicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, U. S.A.
 TABLET FROM ABDUIIBAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE is Goo!
Be thou happy] Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders oi the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of_ the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these_depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Anus. 
Vol. IX Massa'ul_1, 7fl (December 12, 1918) if i No 1%
PEACE FOR BAHAIS TO DISCUSS
IN PUBLIC MEETINGS.
ALLAH 
Some years ago, Abdul-Baha gave the following principles or "points" in
a Tablet to Mr. C. Mason Remey, dated March 5, 1914. They speak for them-
selves-
"In those public meetings, universal and not particular principles must be
discussed; those principles which I have expounded in the public meetings.
Only that identical program must be followed;
(1) The oneness of the World of humanity.
(2) The investigation of Reality.
(3) The essential unity of the Religions of God.
(4) The abandonment of religious, denominational, racial and patriotic preju-
dices.
(5) The conformity of divine Religion with reason and science.
The Religion of God must become the cause of amity and love amongst
mankind, otherwise it is better to forswear it.
(7) Equality between man and Woman.
(8) The essential necessity of the confirmation of the Holy Spirit.
(9) The demonstration of divinity and inspiration.
(10) The power of the (spiritual) influence of 
(11) The underlying unity of all existing faiths.
(12) The dawn of the Sun of Reality from the horizon of Persia.
(13) Universal peace.
(14) Universal language: The education of the children of all the Religions,
under a universal standard of instruction and a common curriculum.
"Questions of this nature must be propounded in the public meetings."
Editors.


