1l6 STAR OF
the Holy Spirit thou may'st revive them
so that they may reach maturity and that
every one may become the real servant
of the world of humanity, nay, rather,
an illumined candle."
In the evening, Abdul-Baha spoke to
the believers regarding Persia, as fol-
lows: "The Cause appeared in Persia.
The blood of so many was shed
in Persia that, unquestionably, signs
will appear. The Persians, for the safety
and progress of the nation, have experi-
mented during late years in several
forms of government. First, independ-
ence and despotism, which resulted in de-
struction and oppression; then the con-
stitution Was established, the only effect
of which Was devastation and helpless-
ness. The next step was to organize
parties such as democrat, union and
ABDUL-BAHA
June 16, 1914.
After staying a period of six weeks in
Tiberias and other towns, Abdul-Baha
decided to return to Haifa. For a few
moments he spoke to the friends about
the Persian government: "In the laws
of God the constitutional government is
the law, but the electors of the people
must abide by the conditions of the con-
stitution; if they do not, destruction and
misery will be more prevalent than be-
fore. We advised them according to our
knowledge, but they did not listen or ac-
cept. In Europe I have met many
chiefs, princes and ministers, advised
them extensively and have said to them
all that should be said."
Abdul-Baha then boarded the train for
Haifa. There were some military officers
in his stateroom. When they learned
who he was, they showed him the great-
est consideration all the Way through. As
the train reached Haifa, all of the be-
lievers were waiting in the station with
longing and yearning, and Abdul-Baha 's
arrival was like unto the return of the
soul to the body!
THE WEST
others; from these, too, there were no
results. The constitution is very good,
but the Persians did 11ot realize any fruit
thereof. Now, there is no way left to
save Persia except through this Revela-
tion. This is a Cause that has set all of
the horizons in motion, and has made all
humble. This Cause will be the means
of progress, elevation and education of
Persia. If from the beginning when His
Holiness the Supreme (the Bab) ap-
peared, Hadji Mirza Aghasee (the prime
minister of Persia, who caused the mar-
tyrdom of the Bab, and in the Orient is
known as Dedjal, meaning anti-Christ
or false Christ) and others, had not re-
sisted this 'Cause, Persia would now have
been the first country in the world and
distinguished in every way."
AT HAIFA
In the evening the friends gathered in
the blessed home and Abdul-Balla gave
them the following talk: went to
Tiberias; this time my going was very
long. Tiberias is an isolated spot. It is
a quiet place; there is not a noise or
voice; it is as though man finds a dwell-
ing in the desert. It is situated in a by-
way, the place where His Holiness Christ
my soul be a sacrifice to him 
was constantly traveling and moving.
When man walks there, he thinks of
those days when His Holiness Christ, was
wont to walk there and teach the dis-
ciples. The place where he first pro-
claimed his Cause is near Tiberias, and
is known as "the hill of home.' There
was a temple built where His Holiness
Christ, entered and spoke. It is greatly"
esteemed by the Christians. During the
days of the Crusaders it was destroyed,
but its fouiidation remains, and it is a
holy place. The effect of the word of
Truth is so wonderful, but the Jews there
are fanatical, selfish and filled with self-
pride. The American Jews are very in-
telligent 'people. They listened to what-

