Z02 STAR OF
like to hunt. So on a certain occasion
I joined a party of hunters and went
with them to the chase. But when I
saw them killing birds and animals, I
thought this could not be right. Then
it occurred to me that better than hunt-
ing for animals, to kill them, was hunt~
ing for souls of men to bring them to
God. I then resolved that I would be a
hunter of this sort. This was my first
and last experience in the chase.
(Footnotes from Abbas Efiendi, His
Life and Teachings, page 20.)
At the time when all the inhabitants
of Teheran had arisen against the Cause,
and the Blessed Perfection Was arrested
and thrown into a prison, I Was a Very
young child. The jail wherein
was imprisoned was a dark
and gloomy cell, underground, and had
no aperture, no window save a small
door. When the door was unlocked one
had to descend many rickety steps be-
fore reaching the gloomy, stuffy ground
floor. The name of the jailer was Agha
Bozorg, and he Was an inhabitant of the
city of Gazwin. As in the past he had
received many favors, bounties and kind-
nesses from the beloved hands of
he came one day to our
house and took me with him to see my
father. Descending half the stairs of
the cell, I peered through the darkness
to try and see someone. Everything
was pitch darkness. Suddenly, I heard
the wonderful, resonant voice of the
Blessed Perfection: "Take this child
away! Do not let him come in!" Obey-
ing the words of BAHA 'o the jailer
took me out and said: "Sit down here
and be patient. About noon the prison-
ers are taken out, and then you can see
your father." I sat there. A little
after twelve o'clock they brought the
prisoners out and among them I saw the
Blessed Perfection. A. thick heavy chain
called, gare kahar, the heaviest and thick-
est chain of the time, was placed about
THE WEST
his holy feet, the end of which dragged
along the ground. His neck was also
chained with heavy fetters and his hands
manacled. Mirza Mahmoud, a most
wonderful Bahai, was the fellow prisoner
of They were chained
together. A.oommon, ordinary felt hat,
the top of which was worn out and the
fringe torn and soiled, was on his
blessed head. I cannot describe to you
the pain and anguish thatbattacked and
tortured me by this sight of the Mani-
festation.
(From Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
Feb. 22, 1914.)
When was imprisoned
and chains were around his neck, Abdul-
Baha, then eight years old, was with
some of the believers in another place.
The people finally captured him also.
The boys of this place gathered together
and began to beat him; about two or
three hundred children surrounded him.
They beat him severely on the head,
cursed him and otherwise persecuted
him.
(Notes of three pilgrims to Acca,
September, 1901.)
We found Abbas Effendi (Abdul-
Baha) surrounded by a band of boys
who had undertaken personally to mo-
lest him. He was standing in their
midst as straight as an little
fellow, the youngest and smallest of the
group--firmly but quietly commanding
them not to lay their hands upon him,
which, strange to say, they seemed un-
able to do.
(Words of Beheyah Khanom, sister
of Abdul-Baha. From Abbas Eifendd,
His Life and Teachings, page 14.)
Although he (Abdul-Baha) had not
studied in any school, yet, from his
youth, fountains of knowledge flowed
in his fluent explanations. The first

