STAR OF TI-IE WEST 33
has become a still the ignorant are wading in the stagnant pools
of their imaginations. i
The veil is removed; the curtain is lifted; the clouds are torn asunder; the
Lord of Lords is manifest !--and still the criminally ne-gligent are at loss.
He (Baha'o'llah) sounded forth the second trumpet and created for you
the great Resurrection Day and gathered the holy souls in the Supreme Kingdom.
Verily, therein are signs for the possessors of insight.
And some of his signs are the unfoldments of prophecies and glad tidings;
the appearance of proofs and references; the expectations of the pure and
they are of those who attain.
And some of his signs are his lights that are shining from the horizon
of oneness; his rays that are beaming from the glorious dawning-point, and
the declaration of the great glad tidings by his fore-runner (the Bab). Verily,
therein is a clear evidence for those who reason.
And some of his signs are his manifestations and his appearance; his
firmness and existence among the Witnessing people in all the cities and among
the tribes who attacked him from all sides like unto Wolves.
And some of his signs are his steadfastness before the great nations and
powerful governments, even before a host of enemies who shed blood and strive
to Wreck the divine edifice in every time and place. Verily, therein is a thought
for those who reflect upon the signs of God.
And some of his signs are the wonders of his explanations; the eloquence
of his utterances; the rapidity of revealing his words, verses, addresses, com-
munes, interpretations of the symbols and illustrations of the parables. By
thy life, the Cause is evident and clear to those who see with the eyes of
justice!
And some of his signs are the rising of the sun of his knowledge; the
ascending of the moon of his arts and the firmness of the perfect-ions of his
conditions. This is acknowledged by the Well-informed and the learned of the
nations.
And some of his signs are the preservation of his beauty, the protection
of his human temple, the shining of his lights despite the attacks of his enemies
with lances, swords and darting arrows from thousands of people. Verily, therein
is an admonition to those who are just.
And some of his signs are his patience, calamities, ordeals, and sufferings
under chains and fetters, while he was calling: "Come unto me, come unto me,
people of piety! Come unto me, come unto me, party of goodness! Come
unto me, come unto me, rising points of light!" Verily, the door of mysteries
is open--and still the wicked are wading in their mire.
And some of his signs are the revealing of his Book: his explicit messages
as warnings to the kings; exhortations to the one who encircled the earth with
a penetrating power and dominating force, whose great throne was destroyed

