86 STAR OF
much as God--glorified and "exalted is
!--hath ordained mothers as the pri-
mary trainers of children and infants;
this is a great and important affair
and a high and exalted position, and it
is not allowable to slacken therein at all.
If thou walkest in this right path thou
wilt become a real mother to the chil-
dren, both spiritually and materially.
(Tablet to Mrs. H. H.)
As to thy question: "If the husband
prevents his Wife from entering into
the Light, or the wife prevents the hus-
band from entering into the Kingdom
of God. In reality neither one of them
prevents the other from entering into
the Kingdom of God, unless when the
husband has a great attachment to the
wife, or the wife to the husband. When
either one of the two adores the other
instead of God, then each will prevent
the other from entering into the King-
dom of God.
(Tablet. 
ADVICE TO PARENTS AND
GUARDIANS
As to thy question concerning the
training of children: It is incumbent
upon thee to nurture them from
the breast of the love of God, to
urge them towards spiritual mat-
ters, to turn unto God and to acquire
good manners, best characteristics and
praiseworthy virtues and qualities in
the world of humanity, and to study
sciences with the utmost diligence, so
that they may become spiritual, heav-
enly and attracted to the fragrances of
sanctity from their childhood and be
reared in a religious, spiritual and heav-
enly training. Verily, I beg of God to
confirm them therein.
(Tablets of Abdul-Baha: Vol. 1, p.
87.)

I ask God to help thy children to gain
THE WEST
knowledge, to attain virtues and morals,
which are the refinements of the reality
of man; and to strengthen thee to re-
main firm.
(Tablets of Abdul-Baha: Vol. 1, p.
67.)
If a child is left to its own natural
proclivities, without education, it will
embody all human defects. Education
makes of man a man. Religion is divine
education. There are two pathways
which have been pointed out by the
heavenly educators. The first is divine
guidance and reliance upon the Manifes-
tations of God. The other is the road
of materialism and reliance upon the
senses. These roads -lead in op-posite
directions. The first leads to the world
of the Kingdom; the other ends in the
world of human vices and is contrary to
the cause of divine guidance. For ex-
ample, consider a babe at the mother's
breast, observe its natural aggressive-
ness, its instinctive antagonism. It
claws and bites the mother, even attacks
the fountain of life itself. A barbarous
and savage country is a country which
has been deprived of education, where
men are utter materialists like animals.
Such a nation embodies all human de-
fects and vices. They even kill and
eat one another. Divine education
is the sum total of all development. It
is the safeguard of humanity. The world
of nature is a world of defects and in-
completeness. The world of the King-
dom is reached by the highway of re-
ligion and is the heaven of all divine
virtues.
(Star of the West, Vol. 4, No. 6, p.
105.)
Some one asked if such a solitary
place (a summer resort in the moun-
tains) was good for children if with
companions of their age. Abdul-Baha
answered, "It is very good for children.
It is good for their eyes, thoughts,

