STAR OF THE WEST 101
Words of Abdul-Baha regarding infants before and after birth
TO AN EXPECTANT MOTHER
Your child will have extraordinary
capacities. It will be a Bahai. Rear
it in the teachings of Baha'o'llah. Rest
assured your child will be assisted by
the Divine Concourse, and through this
assistance it will exhibit a universal con-
sciousness. For this Cause encompasses
the west and the east, and children born
under these conditions in this day will
have the advantages of the universal
illumination. Today some children are
called prodigies, but the inheritors of
this Cause Will attain to a degree that
the others, even though educated in the
best schools and with every advantage,
know nothing of.
Children blessed in this way before
they are born are of the new race. I
was born in Persia, and while I nursed
with my mother 's milk I received truth.
When a little child my first words were
Ya-Baha-El-Abha 
(Dttiine Pltilosoplzy, page 59.)
SUPPLICATION FOR AN 
TANT MOTHER
My Lord! My Lord! I praise Thee
and I thank Thee for that whereby Thou
hast favored Thine humble maid-servant,
Thy slave, beseeching and supplicating
Thee--because Thou hast verily guided
her to thine obvious Kingdom and
caused her to hear Thine exalted call in
the contingent World and to behold Thy
signs, which prove Thy victorious reign
over all things.
my Lord! I dedicate that which is
in my womb to Thee. Then cause it to
be a praiseworthy child in Thy Kingdom
and a fortunate one by Thy favor and
generosity; to develop and grow up
under the charge of Thine education.
Verily, Thou are the Generous! Ver-
ily, Thou art the Lord of Great Favor!
IMMOR-TALITY OF UNDEVELOPED
INFANT SOULS
Question: "What becomes of an un-
developed infant's soul?"
Answer by Abdul-Baha; "It rests
with the mercy of God and through the
eternal bounty it will not be deprived
of that mercy."
(Ten Days in the Light of Acoa, page
4.)

STATION OF OPPRESSED IN-
FANTS AND WEAK ONES
As to the subject of babes and infants
and weak ones who are afflicted by the
hands of oppressors: This contains great
wisdom and this a subject of paramount
importance. In brief, for those souls
there is a recompense in another world
and many details are connected with this
matter. For those souls that suffering is
the greatest mercy of God. Verily, that
mercy of the Lord is far preferable to
all the comfort of this world and the
growth and development of this place of
mortality.
(Tablets of Abdul-Baha, Vol. 2, p.
337.)

Children of unbelievers and infidels
who die before the age of responsibility
are not punished, because they are under
the favor of God.
(Mrs. L. M. G. Notes.)
Question: "What is the condition of
children who die before attaining the
age of discretion, or before the appointed
time of birth?"
Answer: "These infants are under
the shadow of the favor of God, and as
they have not committed any sin, and
are not soiled with the impurities of
the world of nature, they are the centers

