68 STAR OF THE WEST
hibit them. But when the night comes,
then they will not be allowed to stay in
there, because it is against the law of
the country; it is against the will of the
neighbors, and it- is against the law of
morality.' 
Mr. Remey: "It occurs to me to sug-
gest to the Chairman and the Conven-
tion that this matter be suspended for a
few moments until we can elect our
Board for the coming year, for there are
several of our friends who are leaving,
and who, I feel, ought to be allowed to
participate in the election. If we can
do that, this question can be taken up
afterwards. I move that we now proceed
to the election of the Executive Board."
Motion seconded and carried.
The Chairman; "It is your duty now
to elect a Board of nine for the ensuing
year."
Mr. Remey: "Mr. Chairman and
friends, I would suggest that before We
proceed with this election we have a
few moments of prayer and supplica-
t-ion, that we may elect a Board, that
we may entrust into the hands of those
who are most fitted for it, the work of
this Unity for the next year. "We are
up against many very, very vital prob-
lems. Vile have had some very vital
problems to meet this last year, and we
have met many in this gathering yester-
day and today. And it occurs to me to
make this suggestion of prayer, that we
may be spiritually guided by our beloved
Abdul-Baha, to make the choice he
wishes."
The Chairman: "The Chairman would
like to read a prayer at this time, and
then Dr. Bagdadi has a word to say.' 
Prayer by the Chairman.
Chairman Mr. Lunt: "Dear friends, 1
believe that we have been sent here this
year as no body of delegates has ever
been sent in the history of the World.
You have been sent here after hearing
the divine injunctions towards firmness
in the Covenant. You have been sent
here because you are firm. You have
been sent here because you love Abdul-
Baha and have raised the standard of
obedience to his command. Therefore,
what cannot you accomplish in this Con-
vention if you will realize your oneness,
if you will realize the wonderful sig-
nificance of this beautiful circle here*
and what it has meant to us ever
since We came into this room; because
it seems to me to be the very burning
glass of God through which the fire of
his love is pouring, centering, concen-
trating to such a degree as to melt every
heart into one heart, to show forth the
guidance and the will of God in this Con-
vention, and to render the blessings to
this great nation which you are capable
of bringing to the world; here in the
midst of us is the Greatest Name of the
Almighty; it is glory; it is not glory
alone; it is love, it is majesty, it is
generosity, it is sovereignty and power,
and it is guidance. It is oneness. And,
just as in the burning glass of the scien-
tist, the central point in that glass is
capable alone of exerting the greatest
heat, the greatest power, the greatest
amalgamating force, just so in -the cen-.
ter of this divine burning glass of the
Greatest Name reposes the heart and
power of the Covenant of God, and if
we will only come in line with that
Center, of which this may be regarded
as a symbol, will we not all become
melted into one soul, one thought a11d one
purpose, to choose those whom he desires
chosen today to represent this Bahai
Temple Unity of America? And not
only to choose them, but to perform
every act which this Convention has come
here to perform. And, if we were united
in that sense, in one hour, or half an
hour, we could perform all the business
of the Convention, and it would all come
before us picture after picture, occasion
after occasion until all would be accom-
plished. There would be no dragging.
ii.
*Pointing to a large gilded disc above the
platform resembling t-he rising sun, bearing the
Greatest Name.

