14-8 STAR OF
a person. In all His Tablets and Books
He has praised the firm ones in the Cove-
nant and He has anathematized those who
are not firm in the Covenant, and in all
His Tablets He said: "Verily, shun those
who are shaken in the Covenant. Verily,
God is the confirmer of the firm ones."
In His prayers He has said: God!
Render those who are firm in the Cove-
nant as dear. Degrade those who are
not firm in the Covenant, God! Be
the protector of him who protecteth him
and confirm him who confirms the Center
of the Covenant." Many are the utter-
ances regarding the violators of the
Covenant, so that in the blessed Cause
there should be no dissensions. No one
should say: "My opinion is this," or,
"My thought is this." That they may
know who is the Expounder and that
whatsoever he says is correct. He has
THE WEST
not left any room for dissensions not
at all. Of course it is certain that in the
world there are those who are antago-
nistic; there are those who are followers
of passion; there are those who follow
their own thoughts; there are those who
like to create dissension in the Cause.
For example: Judas Iscariot was one of
the disciples, but he betrayed Jesus
Christ. Such things have happened in
the past, but now the Blessed Beauty
has explicitly declared: "This person is
the Expounder of my Book and all must
turn to him." And this is to ward off
dissension. The purpose of the Blessed
One is that no differences shall be
created.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Extract from
a talk given in Chicago, October 31,
1912.)
The "Tablet of the Branch"-- By 
[This has been revealed in Adrianople for Mirza Ali Riza in order that he may
. be nourished by the Favors of God.]
He is Eternal in His Abha Horizon!
Verily, the Cause of God hath come upon the Clouds of Utterances and the
polytheists are in this Day in great torment! Verily, the Hosts of Revelation
have descended with Banners of Inspiration from the Heaven of the Tablet in
the Name of God, the Powerful, the Mighty! At this time the monotheists all
rejoice in the victory of God and His dominion and the deniers will then be in
manifest perplexity.
ye people! Do ye flee from the Mercy of God after It has encompassed the
existent things created between the heavens and earths'! Beware lest ye prefer
your own selves before the Mercy of God, and deprive not yourselves thereof!
Verily, whosoever turneth away therefrom will be in great loss. Verily, Mercy
is like unto Verses which have descended from the one heaven, and from them the
monotheists drink the choice Wine of Life, whilst the polytheists drink from the
fiery Water [hameen] and when the Verses of God are read unto them, the
fire of hatred is enkindled within their breasts. Thus have they preferred their
own selves before the Mercy of God, and are of those who are heedless.
Enter, people, beneath the shelter of the Word! Then drink therefrom the
choice wine of Inner Significances and Utterances for therein is hidden the
Kawther of the Glorious it hath appeared from the horizon of the
Will of your Lord, the Merciful, with wonderful lights.
Say: Verily, the Ocean of Pre-Existence hath branched forth from this
Most Great Ocean. Blessed, therefore, is he who abides upon Its shores, and is
of those who are established thereon. Verily, this Most Sacred Temple of

