STAR OF THE WEST 71
because he knows who is safe and who
is not."
The Chairman: "You have heard
Brother Ober's motion that a committee
of three be named to collect all the tab-
lets on this subject of association with
visiting orientals, and submit them and
have them published and distributed to
the assemblies and friends as soon as
possible."
The question of the expense of carry-
ing out the work of such a committee
as proposed was raised.
The Chairman: "The question has
been asked how we will pay for the ex-
pense. Now, the Conventions in past
years have occasionally authorized cer-
tain minor expenses, and the Executive
Board, in carrying out directions has
felt justified in taking from the regular
Mashrekol-azkar fund in the belief that
that included those particular matters.
Abdul-Baha has sent certain tablets here
which indicate that the teachings are
part of the work of the Mashrekol-azkar.
This particular matter relates, perhaps,
not directly to the teachings, but it re-
lates to the protection of the friends;
and if it is your wish it can be author-
ized to be taken from the regular treas-
ury, or if you prefer to provide for it
independently, this is the time to do so."
Mrs. Ober: move that it be taken
from the regular fund, as it is to teach
us in order that we may teach others;
and that it should come from the
Mashrekol-azkar. 
Mr. Ober: "The expense ought not
to be very great; $25 or $50 at the
most."
The Chairman: "May that be added
to the motion then?"
Mr. Ober: "Yes."
Motion carried.
Mr. Remey then made a supplement-
ary report of the Work of the Library
Committee.
The Secretary read communications
from ab-sent delegates from Lakeland,
Florida, and Buffalo, N. Y., and Mr.
Gregory was authorized to write to these
friends with messages of love from this
Convention.
Mrs. Maxwell: have a message
from Miss Thompson. Instead of wir-
ing her I telephoned. Miss Thompson
sends her cordial love and greetings to
the Convention, says that she has already
accepted the report of the Committee
of Investigation, that she stands abso-
lutely with the committee and is quit of
the violators and she wishes to be with
you in the power of the Covenant, in
this Conventionpropose Miss Thompson's name on the
committee for the compilation of tablets
on The Most Great Peace?"
Mrs. Coles: second the motion."
The Chairman: "If there is no ob-
jection Miss Thompson's name will be
recorded in addition to the names al-
ready given."
The Secretary, Mr. Gregory, then read
the names of the Compilation Commit-
tee:
Mrs. Coles, chairman, Mrs. Maxwell,
Mr. Remey, Mrs. Cooper, Dr. Bagdadi,
Mr. Vail, Mrs. Hoagg, Miss Thompson,
Mrs. R-abb.
The Chairman called upon Mrs. Dig-
gett.
Mrs. Diggett read the following ex-
tract from a tablet written to her by
Abdul-Baha when he was in Paris. "The
winds of tests are so violent that they
are liable to uproot the strongest trees.
It is my hope that the believers in Chi-
cago may withstand the tests with firin-
ness and steadfastness. 
Mr. Remey: "Friends, I have a mo-
tion that I would like to p_ut before the
Convention. I think we all feel that this
compilation of the holy utterances upon
the matter of our duty towards the gov-
ernment, or our duty in war and peace,
is going to be of the greatest blessing
right now at this time, for so much
depends upon the stand and the work
of the Bahais along this direction.

