STAR OF THE WEST 37
about the education of girls, saying:
"In the past, they used to prevent girls
from learning to read and write. In
fact, these things Were considered so
sinful that should a woman know how
to read or write she would not be de-
sirable for marriage.. But afterwards,
through the influence of the teachings of
the Blessed Beauty, the friends of God
devoted most of their time to training
their children. Now, they have estab-
lished schools in Persia for teaching
girls."
ii
On the morning of February 21st, a
number of Bahais, from Boshrowayh
and Khorassan, Persia, and from Ishka-
bad, Russia, arrived in. Haifa. Abdul-
Baha spoke, in detail, about the stead-
fastness, sincerity and love of the believ-
ers, in those towns and countries. That
afternoon a meeting and banquet were
prepared, for all of the friends, at the
tomb of the Bab; The men occupied
one side of the holy threshold, the
women the other. At the close of the
meeting, Ab-dul-Ba.ha told the friends
to enter, one by one, inside the holy
threshold and, last of all, he came and
chanted with his wonderful, melodious
voice, the Ta-blet of Visitation. He and
the friends supplicated and prayed for
all of God 's children and besought con-
firmations and heavenly bounty for them.
When the prayers were over, Abdul-
Baha gave permission for a photograph
to be taken of himself sitting in front of
the friends [See issue No. 1, Vol. V,
STAR on THE Wnsr], who Were standing
in a group. But, after consenting to
this, he refused to remain seated, saying,
prefer to stand as one of the friends
and as one of the beloved of the Blessed
Beauty." After the picture was taken,
all were served with tea, fruit and sweet-
meats.

On February 22nd, a group of tourists
from England visited Abdul-Baha. He
spoke to them about the teachings and of
the history of the Cause and they left
with their hearts exceedingly touched
and attracted. Afterwards, while he was
answering some important letters from
the occident,a professor from Beirut Col-
lege came to see him. Abdul-Baha spoke
to him about the importance of prevent-
ing all prejudices and superstitions and
of bringing ab-out unity and harmony
among the different religions and sects.
He said: Everyone must do away with
false prejudices and must even go to the
other churches and mosques, for, in all
of the-se worshiping places, the name of
God is mentioned. Since all gather to
worship God, what difference does it
make? None of these worship satan.
The Mohammedans must go to the
churches of the Christians and of the
Jews and vice-versa, the others must go
to the Mohammedan mosques. They hold
aloof from one another merely because
of unfounded prejudices and dogmas.
In America, I went to the Jewish syna-
gogues, which are similar to the Chris-
tian churches, and I saw them worship-
ing God everywhere. In most of these
places I spoke to them about the orig-
inal foundations of the divine religions
and I explained to them the proofs of
the validity of the divine prophets and
of the holy Manifestations. I encour-
aged them to do away with blind imita-
tions. All of the leaders must, likewise,
go to the churches of one another and
speak of the foundation and of the fun-
damental principles of the divine relig-
ions. In the utmost unity and harmony,
they must worship God, in the worship-
ing places of one another and they must
abandon these false fanaticisms. Man
must be possessed of sincerity and love
and must be in a state of peace and safe-
ty. When you mention Crod to me, I
must be pleased with you. The men-
tion of God is good, no matter by what
tongue." Abdul-Baha afterwards spoke
of the prejudices and superstitions of
the Jewish leaders and remarked in de-
tail about the bitter persecutions in-
flicted by another Christian sect upon

