STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter Apjl 9, 1911, at the post ofl-ice at Chicago, Illigois, under the Act of March 3. I879.
Editorial R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member-Mmzn AHMAD SOHRAIB
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAI-IAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add suflicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE 1s cop! 
Be thou happyl Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to 1'C1'l'la11'l firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper _of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stan unshakable, become the of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of_ the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become at
last thou shalt become the first paper oi the world oi humanity. Yet all these_depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Vol. IX if Kudrat 1, 74- (Niovernberfr, 1918) No. 13
Doors of the Holy Land letters from
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
LETTER TO THE BAHAIS IN AMERICA
Haifa, Palestine,
September 27, 1918.
Through the STAR on run to the
believers of God and the maid-serv-
ants of the Merciful in America.
My dear Bahai brothers and sisters:
The dark heaven of be
to at last cleared from the
gloomy clouds of international conten-
tion and the brilliant orbs of the love of
the friends may shine again upon our
lives through the dawn of the STAR or
THE For years We have been
deprived of its Warm rays and its pene-
trating heat and thus We were left in
cold indifference, falling step by step
into a frozen state of forgetfulness.
Abdul-Baha and the members of the
holy family, Whose health is quite Well,
desire to hear about its progress,
The STAR or was a clear
mirror which reflected to us the ad-
vanced activities of the believers of God
in America and other parts of the World.
It brought to us the fragrances of the
flowers of love and stirred our hearts
with the soft breezes of real aifection.
It was indeed a great affliction to all of
us to be deprived of all these heavenly
favors. You cannot realize how We have
missed all along the dear messenger of
truth which brought to us the glad tid-
ings of the promulgation of the Cause
and the promotion of the Word of God.
You Were and are indeed most privileged
to be so situated as to avail yourselves
of the glad opportunities of service and
mutual association, but how unhappy We
were to be deprived of all these bless-
ings during the past years of misery,
monotony, tyranny and oppression.
Often We have expressed our utter
Wcariness of the length of the war and
the peculiar direction which it took in
secluding us from the news of the
friends and their meetings. How soul-
harrowing and unbearable all this dread-
ful monotony Was. No pen can describe
it. N0 tongue can explain it. Only
God knows What We have gone through.
Weeks, months and years succeeded each
other like so many White pages of a
blank book Without receiving a word

