STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strength-
ened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless
strifes; these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IX Kudrat 1, 74 (November 4, 1918) No. 13
[Following its usual custom at this time of the year, the STAR or THE Wesr emphasizes the "Center of
the Covenant" in the person and function of ABDUL-BAHA, inasmuch as the Twentv-sixth of November
is known and celebrated as the "Feast of the Appointment of the Center of the 
The Center of the Covenant, The Greatest Branch:
Abdul-Baha Abbas.
ORDER to preserve the unity of the
Cause and to spread the religion of
God, BAHAJOJLLAH has establislied this
Covenant and Testament. Were it not
for the power of the Covenant you
would have witnessed the dispersion of
the believers and the total dlsE1ppl3a1'ance
of the Cause of God. 'When I say the
Covenant, I mean the power and author-
ity of given to me.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Extract from
Diary Letter of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
to Miss Magoo, Paris, ll/lay 10, 1913.)
ii
Today, the most. important afiair is
firmness in the Covenant, because firm-
ness in the Covenant Wards off differ-
enccs.
In former cycles no distinct. covenant
was made in Writing by the Supreme
Pen; no distinct personage was appoint-
ed to be the standard of differentiating
falsehood from truth, so that whatsoever
he said was to stand as truth and that
which he repudiated was to be known as
falsehood. At most, His Holiness Jesus
Christ gave only an intimation, a sym-
bol, and that was but an indication of
the solidity of Pcter's faith. "Then he
mentioned his faith, His Holiness said,
"Thou art Peter"--which means rock-
"and upon this rock I build my
church." This was a. sanction of Peter's
faith; it was not indicative of his [Peter]
being the expoundcr oi' the Book, but
was a confirmation of Pe1;cr's faith.
But in this dispensation of the Blessed
Beauty [BnnA'o'LLiin] among its dis-
tinctions is that He did not leave people
in He entered into a Cove-
nant and Testamciit with the people. He
appointed a Center of the Covenant. 
Wrote with His own pen and revealed it
in the Kitab-cl-Akclas, the Book of Laws,
and the Book of the Cov-
enant, appointing him [Abdul-Baha]
the Expounder of the Book. You must
ask him [Abdul-Baha] regarding the
meanings of the texts of the verses.
\Vha.t.soever he says is correct. Outside
of this, in numerous Tablets He 
has explicitly recorded it with
clear, sufficient, valid and forceful state-
ments. In the Ta-blew? of The Br(mc7z.i He
explicitly states: Wliatsoever The Branch
says is right, or correct; and every per-
son must obey The Branch v.'it.h his life,
with his heart, with his tongue. With-
out his vvill, not a Word shall anyone
utter. This is an explicit text of the
Blessed Beauty. So there is no excuse
left for anybody. No soul shall, of him-
self, speak anything. Whatsocver his
[Abdul-Bahafs] tongue utters, whatso-
ever his pen records, tliat is correct; ac-
cording to the explicit text of 
in the Tablet of The Branch.
*Sec page 150. '1LSce page 148.
(Continued on page 147)

