STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as broth_er_s; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons_ of men shall be strength-
ened, that diversity of religlon shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So 1t shall be; these fruitless
strifes; these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IX Elm 1,74 (October 16, 1918) No. 12
Talks by Abdul-Baha in the Holy 
TRANSLATED BY DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
The following compilation of some of the utterances of Abdul-Baha after his
return to the Holy Land from America, Europe and Egypt, is the fifth
published under this heading--the first appeared in issue o. 2, the sec-
ond in No. 3, the third in No. 10, the fourth in No. ll.
(Continued from page 128)
"While I was away, the people of dis-
cord (enemies and nakazeen) endeav-
ored constantly to unite themselves with
a group of people here, working secretly
with some and openly with others. After
my return they gathered again, and, as
in the time of Abdul-Hamid, wrote re-
ports and made calumnies and sent them
to the Turkish government in Constanti-
nople With the hope that they might
cause me to go to prison, to be killed
or to be exiled. This was their aim.
"The purpose is that the friends of
God must not regard 1ne. This Cause
is a great Cause; it is the Cause of the
Blessed Beauty. A thousand souls like
me come and go; it is the same whether
they exist or not. The importance is in
the Blessed Cause. The friends of God
must be firm, growing and steadfast.
It is evident that I was and am con-
stantly in danger, and, moreover, I am
not always going to be in this world.
The day is coming when I shall long to
be in the neighborhood of the Great
Mercy!
"The friends of God must be in the
utmost uprightness; in their sight there
must not be any differences, no waver-
ing should occur. Nay, rather, day by
day, their firmness and steadfastness
must be increased. Consider the serv-
ants of His Holiness Jesus Christ, when
all of them departed from this world
after his others greater than
they arose in service. They showed great-
er power until the light of guidance
illumined the horizons. You, too, must be
likewise, and know this as a certainty
that the confirmations of the Blessed
Beauty will come. By God 1-There is
no God but Him today one of the
Weakest creatures begins to serve the
Truth, divine confirmations and assist-
ance will surround him. . . .
"May you be under the protection of
the Blessed Beauty, confirmed and as-
sisted, living in His holy fragrances,
and may every one of you become a holy
banner in His path. The purpose is that
you should not look at me, whether I am
present or absent, existing or lost. Be
engaged in serving the Cause. Turn to
the Blessed Beauty. He will make you
independent of any soul. From Him
ask reinforcement; be the servants at
His door; be supplied from His bestow-
als; he illumined with His light. May
you be protected, guarded and pre-
served, and rest assured under His shel-
ter. says, 'We shall help
whosoever arises to assist My Cause,
with a host from the Supreme Concourse
and a contingent from the near angels.'
This is the real foundation. Consider
Agha Mirza Abul-Fazl, how much he as-

