STAR OF THE WEST 35
relation to the Cause of God his holi-
ness Mohammed, himself, bowed down to
it. Why? Because it was related to
God. It is likewise With the house of
God. But these relationships are figura-
tive and metaphoric. God is holy above
these relationships. These are all boun-
ties and not from merit. What relation-
ship remains when they have turned
from the good-pleasure of the Blessed
Beauty and when they strive to Wreck
the edifice of God? Undoubtedly, every
relationship becomes severed. How-ever,
I consider myself as a mosquito; nay,
even weaker than that"; but the confir-
mations of the Kingdom of Abha, are
unending. The bounties of the Blessed
Beauty encompass us on all sides. What
art thou to do? The Blessed Beauty
says, 'We see you from my El-Abha
(the Most Glorious) horizon. We shall
assist those who arise to support my
Cause with a host from the Supreme
Concourse and a contingent from the
near angels.' This is the field. Go forth
and cry out! Raise the call! No one
has confined nor prevented you. What
will spending the nights and days in
eating, sleeping, murmuring and finding
fault result in, but loss? I do not pre-
vent anyone from serving in the Cause
of God. Nay rather, I always encourage
and urge all to serve. I went myself
and heralded the coming of the King-
dom. You, too, might have gone out,
had you desired."
On February 18th, the pilgrims gath-
ered to see Abdul-Baha, at his home in
Haifa. In that meeting, news from
Baku, Russia, was read, saying that
Agha Mussa had held .a wonderful me-
morial feast in the name of Mirza Abul-
Fazl and that the friends had stopped
their work, for three days and nights,
because of their sorrow over his depar-
ture. In this meeting, the Persian con-
sul gave a detailed address, telling of
the unity and the harmony of the Ba-
hais and of how they diifer from the rest
of the Persian communities, in that they
are the cause of honor to the govern-
ment and to the nation of Persia. On
that day, explicit commands were re-
vealed to the American and English
friends teaching in India, which abso-
lutely forbade them to interfere in po-
litical affairs or to speak a word in
politics. They were commanded to oc-
cupy their time in spreading the spirit-
ual fragrances and in elevating the
Cause of the affectionate Lord.
It was mentioned in the presence of
Abdul-Baha that Mr. Andrew Carnegie
of America had given $2,000,000 for
bringing about unity among the Chris-
tian sects. Abdul-Baha said: "His aim
is good and a service to the world of
humanity. how I wish that all of the
leaders of the people would spend their
energy for unity and peace among all
nations and sects!" At that moment,
letters and newspapers arrived from the
occident and Persia, bearing the glad-
tidings of the harmony and purpose of
the believers in teaching the Cause.
Abdul-Baha became exceedingly happy
and prayed for confirmation from the
Kingdom of Abha and for the protection
of the believers. He said: "They must
step with steadfast feet into this field
and must think of naught else save the
unity of the people and the elevation of
the Word of God."
On the next day, February 19th,
Abdul-Baha told the friends of the days
of his childhood. He said: "In Teheran
I spoke with a -scholarly gentleman and
gave him the divine Message. I talked
to him about severance from all else
save God, and I told him that the pur-
pose of this life is not to attain high
position, wealth and physical happiness;
nor are eating, sleeping and enjoying
the fellowship of the physical body, the
only things to be desired. The purpose
and end of the world of creation is spir-
itual life, knowledge of God, love of God,
fear of disobedience to God and the per-
fections of the world of humanity.
Should man characterize himself with

