STAR OF THE WEST 183
like the sun, and spread out around him
like a golden net. All the fishes, large
and small, came swimming towards him,
holding to the strands of his hair. The
fishes came closer and closer, following
him as he swam through the waters
which were shining like the sun. The
fishes were countless in number. Abdul
Karim, a wise man who interpreted vi-
sions for the kings, was told of this vi-
sion by the father of Ab-
dul Karim answered: "Your son will
be a great man. The water is knowl-
edge, the fishes swimming about him
are the people of all nations who will
come to be taught by his wisdom. He
will be forced away and separated from
things, and will reflect the light
of the Word of God."
(Words of Moneera Khanom, Wife of
Abdul-Baha. From Ten Days in the
Light of Acca, page 88.)
AS A DERVISH IN
THE MOUNTAINS.
A boy, attending a village school, had
been flogged and sent out for failurg in
his writing. While he was weeping out-
side the schoolroom, this holy man came
by and asked the cause of his grief.
When the lad had explained his trouble
the dervish said: "Do not grieve, I
will set you another copy, and teach you
to write well." He then took the boy"s
slate and wrote some words in very
beautiful characters. The boy was de-
lighted, and showing his slate in pride
at now having a better master than. he
had had in the school, the people were
astonished, dervishes being commonly
illiterate. They then began to follow the
dervish who Wishing to meditate and
pray in solitude, left that place for an-
other.
(Words of Behiah Khanum, sister of
Abdul-Baha. From Abbas Efiendi, His
Life and Teachings, by Myron H.
Phelps, p. 22.)
THE STORY OF THE PATROL.
As told by 
It is related that a lover was suffering
for years in separation from his beloved
and burning in the fire of absence from
her. By the overwhelming strength of
love his breast was void of patience and
his body would fain shun the soul. He
accounted life in separation as a sham
and suffered intense burning on account
of the world. Many were the days he
found no rest in separation from her,
and the nights that he slept not through
grief for her. Through the languor of
body he had become as a sigh, and by the
heart's pain he was (in lament) as a
Woe. He would freely give a thousand
lives for a single draught of her near-
ness, and yet this was not feasible!
Physicians despaired of healing him,
and companions kept far from his fel-
lowship. Yea, physicians know no heal-
ing for the one diseased of love, except
the favor of the beloved one come to his
succor!
At length, the tree of his hope brought
the fruit of despair, and the fire of his
expectancy was quenched; until, one
night, he was wearied of life and aban-
doned home for the streets. Suddenly a
patrol pursued him. He was urging on
at the front while the patrol sped in
his chase. Finally, the patrols formed
into a gathering and barred the way of
flight for that afflicted one. He, help-
less, groaned with all his heart and ran
hither and thither, soliloquizing in these
words: "This patrol is my angel of
death, for he is seeking after me in such
haste. Or, is he a tyrant of countries
who is intent on oppressing men!" Thus,
that one, pierced with the arrow of love,
was running with the feet and lament-
ing in heart, until he reached the wall
of a garden and climbed it with a thou-
sand difficulties and afflictions, for it
was found to be a very lofty wall. Then,
regardless of his life, he threw himself
down into the garden. But behold,

