STAR OF THE WEST 159
Tablets calling Bahais of the United States and Canada to
diffuse the fragrances of the Kingdom throughout America
RECEIVED TWO YEARS AGO
[Reprinted from STAR on THE WE-ST, No. 10, Vol. 
TABLET TO THE NORTHEASTERN
STATES
T0 the friends and maid-servants of God
in the Northeastern States:
Upon them be greeting and praise!
ye heavenly heralds!
These are the days of Naurooz. I am
always thinking of those kind friends!
I beg for each and all of you confirma-
tions and assistance from the threshold
of Oneness, so that those gatherings may
become ignited like unto candles in the
Republics of America, enkindling the
light of the love of God in the hearts;
thus the rays of the heavenly teachings
may begem and brighten the states of
America like the infinitude of immensity
with the stars of the most great guidance.
The northeastern states on the shores
of the New Hampshire,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecti-
cut, Vermont, New Jersey
and New York--in some of these states
believers are found, but in some of the
cities of these states up to this date peo-
ple are not yet illumined with the lights
of' the Kingdom and are not aware of
the heavenly teachings; therefore, When-
ever it is possible for each one of you,
hasten ye to those cities and shine forth
like unto the stars with the light of the
Most Great Guidance. God says in the
glorious Koran: "The soil was black
and dried. Then we caused the rain to
descend upon it and immediately it be-
came green, verdant, and every kind of
plant sprouted up luxuriantly." In
other words, he says the earth and the
soil is black, but when the spring show-
ers descend upon it that black soil is
quickened, and variegated flowers are
pushed forth. This means the souls of
humanity belonging to the World of na-
ture are black like unto the soil. But
when the heavenly outponrings descend
and the radiant effulgences appear, the
hearts are resuscitated, are liberated
from the darkness of nature and the
flowers of divine mysteries grow and be-
come luxuriant. Consequently man must
become the cause of the illumination of
the world of humanity and propagate
the holy teachings revealed in the sacred
books through divine inspiration. It is
stated in the blessed Gospel: "Travel ye
toward the East and toward the "Test
and enlighten the people with the light
of the Most Great Guidance, so that they
may take a portion and share of the
eternal life." Praise be to God, that the
northeastern states are in the utmost ca-
pacity. Because the ground is rich, the
rain of the divine outpouring is descend-
ing. Now you must become heavenly
farmers and scatter pure seeds in the
prepared soil. The harvest of every other
seed is limited, but the bounty and the
blessing of the seed of the divine teach-
ings are unlimited. Throughout the
coming centuries and cycles many har-
vests Will be gathered. Consider the work
of former generations. During the life-
time of His Holiness Christ the believing,
firm souls were few and numbered, but
the heavenly benedictions descended so
plentifully that in a number of years
countless souls entered under the shade
of the Gospel. God has said in the Koran:
"One grain will bring forth seven
sheaves, and every sheaf shall contain
one hundred grains." In other Words,
one grain will become seven hundred;
and if God so wills he will double these
also. It has often happened that one
blessed soul has become the cause of the
guidance of a nation. Now We must not

