120 STAR OF
wise, the teacher should know how to
adjust his speech according to the exi-
gency of the time and place. Now, if a
person goes to Europe and someone asks
him, 'What proofs have you concerning
the prophethood of His Holiness the Mes-
senger (Moha1nn1ed)?E' and he replies,
'The Koran,' none would accept it.
All the regions in the East and in the
West are ready, but extraordinary souls
who are highly developed in spirituality
and refinement, are needed. If my
health were good at present, I would not
wait one day longer. I would go not
only to America but to all parts of the
world to cry and call out. Had I been
free during the forty years of my im-
prisonment in Acca, I would have trav-
eled to the East, VVest, North and South
of the World. I would not have kept
still for one minute and I would have
illumined the horizons with the light of
the Sun of Reality. And then you would
have seen what great results had been
obtained.
"There were three islands near the
equator in the Indian (Pacific) Ocean.
The weather there is very hot. The
number of inhabitants was 4,000,000, all
of whom were idolators, worshiping the
sun and stars. In the ninth century of
Islam, one blessed soul went there to
serve God and God alone. He was alone
and lonely. They inflicted upon him se-
vere injuries, calamities and persecu-
tion, but he never ceased in his efforts
until he had converted all the inhabi-
tants of those three islands to Islam.
Now if such souls could be found, in a
short time all those regions (America)
woul become illumined. 
The North Shore Ra/view, dated May
2, 1914, reached Haifa and the friends
rejoiced in reading the eloquent. article
on the Mashrekol-azkar Written by the
sincere maid-servant of God, Mrs. Isabel
l-3'raser. In the morning Abdul-Baha
spoke about the Wicked nakezeen (vio-
THE VVEST
lators of the Covenant). He said:
"They go to self-interested strangers.
They show unto them love and friend-
ship; but they do not understand that
these souls are the enemies of the
Blessed Beauty. They go and show their
love to the one who is an enemy to the
Blessed Beauty. lVhat ignorance! The
Blessed Beauty said the following about
such people, 'In every minute the wound
of atheism and the arrows of infidelity
come to me from them.' Also, He said,
Thou spirit of God, descend and see
that my humiliation is more than Thy
grandeur.' 
Then Abdul-Baha wrote the following
tablet for a martyr from Ardakan,
Persia:
HE is eon!
"Verily, those who quaffed the cup
of the great in the path of
God, are favored from the bounty of
Thy Lord, the Merciful, the Compas-
sionate. They are the ones whose hearts
God has chosen for His love. Their
faces are shining with the light of God
in the paradise of the rose-garden. The
angels of mercy receive them and an-
nounce to them the glad tidings oi' holy
resting places and of the canopy of sin-
cerity in the Kingdom of their generous
Lord. Their enemies will be repulsed
and degraded to the lowest of the low-
est as thou hast seen others in manifest
loss. Verily, there is in this an exam-
ple for those who are mindful. God
shall do away with the helpers of the
unjust.
my Lord, confirm the relatives of
these in serving Thy Cause, ele-
vating Thy I/Vord, spreading Thy Relig-
ion, igniting Thy Love in the hearts of
Thy servants and guide those who are
lost in the wilderness of error. Verily,
Thou art the Generous, the Dear, the
Exalted!"
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Continued on page 121)

