38 STAR OF
the Presbyterians in Paris, simply be-
cause of false prejudices.
(It is a fact that, -in the oriental
Christian Schools, all Mohammedans
and followers of other religions, are com-
pelled to attend the Christian chapels
and churches. But the Christians do
not go to the mosques or synagogues.
In 1908, when the Turkish Empire was
freed from the chains of absolute mon-
archy and the constitution was estab-
lished by the Young Turks and the fa-
mous Society of Union and Progress, all
THE WEST
of the students, who were not Christians,
refused to attend any church by force.
The college faculty, who were American
Presbyterian missionaries, without mak-
ing any exceptions, gave the students a
choice of attending the church or of be-
ing expelled. The translator at that
time, was just finishing his medical
training in this university and this con-
troversy was one of the causes for his
leaving the orient and completing his
studies in a Chicago university.)
(To be continued.)
The Sterling Faithfulness of Esfandayar
Story told by Abdul-Bahal: From Diary 0 Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, October 25, 1913
MY grandfather had many colored
maids and servants. V\7hen the
Blessed Perfection became the head of
the family he liberated all of them, and
gave them permission to leave or stay,
but if they desired to remain it would, of
course, be in a diiferent manner. How-
ever, all of them, revelling in their new-
found freedom preferred to leave, ex-
cept Esfandayar, who remained in the
household and continued to serve us
with proverbial faithfulness and chast-
ity. Then when Baha'o'llah became
known as a Babi, and he was teaching
many people, the populace rose against
him, and with the tacit consent of the
government, our house was pillaged and
ransacked. My father was put into
prison and We were persecuted on all
sides. For days the rabble in their
fanatical fury and rage threw stones into
our house, broke the windows and dam-
aged everything. At that time I was
probably six or seven years old. Every-
body had left us, and our family then
consisted of my mother, my sister (the
Greatest Holy Leaf) and Agha Mussa_
Fearing that the stones thrown into the
house might hit one of us, my mother
set out and rented a small house in an
entirely different quarter of the city,
and for fear of recognition she carried
us safely to our new, humble quarters
by night.
O11 the other hand, the enemies of
my father, who had poisoned the mind
of the Shah by saying that he harbored
secret plans against the throne, were
convinced that Esfandayar was the
guardian of all the secret plans of
Baha'o'lla.h. Therefore, they imagined
that if once they laid their hands on
Esfandayar they would force out of
him everything, and then be able to sub-
stantiate their vague accusations with
these solid facts. Hence they commis-
sioned one hundred and fifty policemen
to find him and bring him before them.
Esfandayar had a chum with whom he
passed most of his time. At first they
tried to get hold of his chum, thus he
might divulge the hiding-place of Esfan-
dayar, but they fa.i1ed in their purpose.
One midnight we were roused out of
our sleep by a loud knocking at the door.
It was opened, and lo, and behold, it
was Esfandayar. My mother said to
him with anxiety: "How is it that thou
art yet in the city'? Dost thou not know
that there are one hundred and fifty
policemen after thee? Fly as quickly
as thou canst. If they get hold of thee,
thy life will be in danger." But he smiled
and answered: "No, I will not leave

