82 STAR OF
which He willeth, and He is the Ruler,
the Knowerl
(Words of Paradise, p. 53.)
Men and Woman must place a part
of What they earn by trade, agriculture,
or other business, in charge of a trust-
THE WEST
Worthy person, to be spent in the edu-
cation and instruction of the children.
That deposit must be invested in the
education of the children, under the
advice of the trustees (or members) of
the House of Justice.
(Talbletof the World, p. 29.)
Utterances of Abdul-Baha in Tablets and Talks
NEED OF EDUCATION, ITS
IMPORTANCE
I is most clear and manifest that na-
tional affairs will never revolve
around their proper axis until the Whole
people have received instruction and
public thought has been directed to a
single end.
The most important of all the mat-
ters in question and that With which it
is most specially necessary to deal efiec-
tively is the promotion of education.
No freedom or salvation could be
imagined in the case of any nation which
had not progressed in this greatest and
most important matter; just as the great-
est cause of degradation and decadence
of every nation is bigotry and ignorance.
If necessary, make this even compul-
sory, for not until the veins and tendons
of the nations stir With life will any
study and adoption of improvements be
of any avail; because the nation is like
unto the body, zeal and resolution are
like unto the soul, and the soulless body
cannot move.
(Star of the West, Vol. 7, No. 15, p.
141.)
BAHAI HISTORY EVERY
CHILD SHOULD KNOIV
The holy, divine Manifestations are
unique and peerless. They are the arche-
types of celestial and spiritual virtues
in their own age and cycle. They stand
on the summit of the mount of vision,
and they foreshadow the perfections of
evolving humanity. For example, dur-
ing the dispensation of his holiness
Moses--peace be upon him !--there was
not a single human soul similar or like
unto him. He surpassed all the holy
souls who came after him, even the hosts
of the Israelitish prophets.
In a similar manner all the people
who lived during the cycle of his holi-
ness Christ--may my life be a sacrifice to
him I-were under his spiritual author-
ity. They had no will of their own. He
was the sun, and the others were the
lamps. He was unique and peerless, the
center and the focal point of the mighty
forces. Everyone else was under his
shado-W. He Was the orb and the others
Were the stars. He was also unique and
peerless. Everyone caught the rays of
light from him, and Was enkindled
through his fire. In a like manner, was
the epoch of his holiness the Bab--
May the life of aught beside be a ran-
som to him! He Was matchless and
without a peer. All the rivers received
their strength from that great sea.
Finally during this cycle of the
Blessed my life be a
sacrifice to his believers are be-
neath his shadow. He is the unique and
peerless one till the next Manifestation.
It is, however, not definite that it will
be one thousand years; it may be 2,000,
or 10,000, or 20,000. years; but it is defi-
nite that, for the coming one thousand
years there will appear no Manifesta-
tion, for one thousand years there shall
arise no sun. All the appearances will
be beneath the shade of this Most Great
Appearance; they will be as stars of

