STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 19ll, at the pool oifice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 187):
Editorial ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary AHMAD Sonnan
"Terms: $1.50 per year; 10' cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S.A.
To personal checks please add sufiicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box-283, Chicago, U.S. A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA. 
thou Star of the West! HE IS con!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, erg long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshalgable, become the object 'of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the_ leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these_depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Arms.
Vol. lX giKowlg1, 74- (November 23, 1918) i mi No. 14-
ALLAH A 
The unparalleled demonstration upon the day the armistice terms of the
world war were signed, is proof positive that mankind loves peace.
History will record that day, that hour.
According to the old reckoning it was the eleventh month, the eleventh day,
the eleventh hour. [See reproduction of newspaper of that date on opposite
page.] And the "eleventh hour," according to tradition, is a fateful hour.
To the Bahais, however, this event had happy significance, for within the
same twenty-four hours~--Novembcr celebrated the one-hundred
and-first anniversary of the Birthday of the "Prince of Peace."
This issue of the STAR or THE WEST was ready for press when a telegram
from Mrs. Goodall, of San Francisco, informed us that the first Tablet revealed
for the Bahais of America since the opening of the doors of communication, was
on its way, and requested us to hold the issue for its arrival. We were glad
to do this knowing all the friends were anxiously awaiting some Word from
Abdul-Baha.
ii-_
The following editorial by Mr. Albert Vail voices the spirit of the hour.
Many of the Bahais may not know that he has given up his position as minister
of a church in Urbana, 111., and moved to Chicago, where he is devoting his
time to the Cause, teaching and traveling.
The Editors.
Editorial--The Dawn of the Most Great Peace.
BY ALBERT VAIL
THE greatest war in recorded human The universal war against the forces of
history is ending. The greatest War darkness, of greed, of prejudice, of ma-
in all the ages is just beginning. The terialism has just begun. It is the war
war with guns and shells is almost over. for universal brotherhood and justice,

