STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, 111., U. S. A.
Entered asflsecond-class matter April 9, I911, ltithe post office at Chicago, I1Iinois,"under the Act _oi March 11.79.
Editorial R. GERTRUDE ZIA M, BAGDADI
Honorary AHMAD Somme
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add sufficient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BA1-IAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U. S.A.
A TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
than tar of the West! HE IS 
Be- thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the St_ar of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
1113' iorm_ I5 small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders oi the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers W111 become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of_ the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena W111 become vast and spacious and thy V0166 and fame will be raised and become at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Vol. IX Sharaf 1, 74 (December 31, 1918) No. 16
Editorial--Lct us build the Temple
BY ALBERT VAIL
calls ring like a divine bell in
this clear morning of universal
peace. The one is: Teach the Cause,
Send forth teachers, awaken the souls,
ignite the hearts and unite them into the
Kingdom of God; the other is to build
the Mashrekol-azkar. Both are the call
of Him Who is Most Glorious to build
the temple of the oneness of humanity,
and celebrate the jubilee of the oneness
of humanity. The real stones of both
temples are the radiant and united be-
lievers. Lord," prays the Master-
Builder, "make these holy souls dawn-
ing-points of lights and the manifesta-
tions of signs. Make every one a lead-
ing corner-stone in this great edifice, a
pillar of the pillars."
The Master-Builder is still in our
midst waiting to lay the foundation of
both temples, the temple of the oneness
of humanity and the temple of stone
that, like an evident standard, shall
shine in the center of the continent of
America proclaiming in Words of con-
crete form and splendor the universal
perfection, the practical applications,
the divine reality of the Most Great
Cause to all the multitudes who shall
pass its gates or hear of its beauty.
There is a. mystery in the building of
the declares Abdul-
Baha, which We do not comprehend. It
will attract thousands of people to in-
vestigate the Cause. It will exert upon
all our civilization a. tremendous effect.
It is on earth "the inception of the or-
ganization of the Kingdom," that King-
dom Wherein all sects and religions and
races shall march to the music of "Ya-
Baha-cl-Abha" down the nine avenues
of the different religions into the Temple
of God's oneness.
To be perfect, this first Mashrekol-
azkar in America must be designed by
the Master's own hand. He will not
much longer be in this world. If he is
to approve, complete, perfect the archi-
tectural plans, his children, his servants
must act quickly. It is Worth a great
sacrifice if we may give the gift which
will enable the Center of the Covenant
to lay the foundation of this the mother,
the model Mashrekol-azkar of the West-
ern World. Divine believers in the Orient,
Who will never worship under its shining
dome, sold even their clothing to give
money for its construction. May not an

