STAR OF THE WEST 123
Cause of God is the greatest of all serv-
ices. Therefore, whenever he hears of the
splendid work achieved by the active
teachers his face radiates with eternal
happiness, and the signs of perfect joy
become manifest in his bearing. The
following tablet revealed by him that
day illustrates this fact:
"Thy letter was received. Praise be
to God, it contained the glad tidings of
the firmness and uprightness of the
friends of God. Because all are self-
sacrificing in the field of teaching, have
unloosened their tongues in the glorifica-
tion of the Beloved of the horizons, have
become the cause of leading the mis-
guided people, they have throbbing
hearts and singing souls. Spiritual hap-
piness was obtained by such joyful news.
Thanks be to God, the friends in 
have become free fro-m separation, all
have become harmoniously united, and
are sacrificing their souls in the path of
the Blessed Beauty. This is the greatest
attribute of the human World; this is the
ultimate bestowal of the Merciful One;
this 'is the magnet of assistance and pro-
tection of His Holiness, The Single; this
is the attracting force of the reinforce-
ment from the Kingdom of Majesty.
Therefore, my hope is that, day by day,
the light of guidance may flood the
world, and the east and the west of
Persia may become illumined and en-
lightened.' 
June 25, 1914.
Abdul-Baha gave the following advice
to the friends who visited him in the
morning: "If the friends of God listen
to my first word, they will find the suc-
cess of this and of the next World therein.
But there are some who prefer their own
thoughts above mine, and when they fall
they beg me to save them. Progress and
prosperity are in the first Word. For
example, should I say to so and so, 'Go
thou to America,' and should he reply,
beg to remain a few days more,' I give
him permission to do as he wishes. But
this is not my thought; it is his thought.
All of the opinions in the world are use-
less for the believers. I am the one
whose heart burns for them and who
sympathizes with them. I wish for them
absolute good. I desire for them ideal
advancement. 
Then he turned to a young Bahai stu-
dent who recently arrived from Egypt,
where he had been studying, and said,
"Thou shouldst strive day and night, so
that the fire of the love of God may be-
come more enkindled in thy heart, (lay
by day thy servitude to the I-Ioly Thres-
hold become more increased, day by day
thy attachment to the Kingdom of God
become stronger. If thou dost this thou
shalt obtain great results from all of the
studies; otherwise thou shalt not see any
benefit."
June 26, 19111.
Abdul-Baha gave the following talk to
the Persian believers: "Most of the
Persian ulama (clergymen) became the
cause of destruction and the casting of
Persia to the Winds. The ulama of every
sect must act in accordance with the re-
quirements of religion, the first of
which is that they must believe in God,
turn to God and be severed from all else
save God. Such ulama are the illumined
lamps of guidance and the stars of the
heaven of mercy. But when some ulama
enter a school their aim is leadership, to
obtain fame, to gather luxuries and
possessions. They are like the dis-
ease, caboos (influenza), that attacks man
with helplessness and heaviness, during
sleep, as though a mountain had fallen
upon him and he was unable to move.
Now, these learned men are similar to
the disease that is attacking the body of
the people. The requirements for the
ulama are mentioned in the traditions.
It is said by the prophet Mohammad,
'Let the public follow whomsoever of the
learned controls himself, protects his re-
ligion, opposes his desire and obeys the
command of his Lord'; that means the

