36 STAR OF
these lofty qualities and virtues, the
physical conditions will, undoubtedly,
not seem interesting to him and he will
detach himself from them. His heart
will become illumined with the light of
God; he Will hear the call of the unseen
joy and will become the center of the
names and attributes of God. I con-
versed with him a great deal on these
subjects and he became a very good be-
liever.
"On another occasion, in the city of
Bagdad, I talked with a learned man,
Mullah Hassan, some of Whose relatives
Were believers. No matter how hard
they tried to give him the Message, he
would not accept it. Once, they brought
him to my house when I was just getting
up from -my sleep and combing my hair.
They said, 'We have brought so-and-so
here and we be-g you to come and speak
with him; perhaps, he will become a be-
liever.' I said, 'Very well,' and then I
turned to the Blessed Beauty and
prayed: Blessed Beauty, confirm
me!' Afterwards, I talked to him, and
in the same hour he became a believer.
He became exceedingly good and was so
enkindled that, although he was of high
rank, he used to go into the kitchen and
cook things with his own hand to enter-
tain the friends."
That day news came of the spreading
of the Cause and of, the entrance into the
Kingdom of some of the ministers in
America. It made him very happy and
he sent a number of tablets to America,
saying: "My happiness is in these glad-
tidings and victories. Praise be to God!
the confirmations of the Kingdom of
Abha are assisting. Although weary,
weak and helpless, we are being assisted
and supported by the bounties and con-
firmations of the Blessed Beauty. VVho
and What are we? These are the rays
from the Sun of the Beauty of Abha
and the light of the Supreme Horizon.
How beautifully the poet says, 'The mos-
quito, to which thou givest power to fly,
becomes a falcon.' Under the shadow of
the Blessed Beauty, the atom becomes
the sun; the ant becomes a Solomon;
THE WEST
the unpopular become popular, and the
degraded find eternal glory."
In the afternoon, Abdul-Baha was
very tired from speaking and Writing,
and so he went to his private place in
his garden to rest a little. On the way,
he jokingly told a story of a man who-se
Wife had caused him such trouble and
had kept him so busy that, when he was
told to divorce her so as to get relief,
he answered, "She does not give me a
chance to find time to give her a di-
vorce."
H.
In the morning of February 20th,
Abdul-Baha took a stroll in his garden
and remarked on the beautiful weather,
on the site and on the spirituality of
Haifa and of Mount Carmel. Then, look-
ing at the violets, carnations and other
flowers, he said: "As long as a thing
is rare and scarce, it seems more attrac-
tive and has greater value. In Bagdad
there were few violets in our home and
they were indescribably dear and attrac-
tive to our sight. But here none look
at these violets and they are lost among
so many flowers. As the quantity of a
thing increases, its value decreases. And
so it is in the beginning of the days of
the Holy Manifestations; because the
souls are so few, they are counted as the
essences of existence in the estimation of
God. They are always mentioned and
considered in the holy threshold and
the sacred court and they attain to
everlasting life and eternal bounty be-
cause they are detached from all condi-
tions and have lost themselves entirely in
the good pleasure of God." After a
while, Ab-dul-Baha quoted the following
verse: "We are from thee and we wish
for naught else save thee. Give thou
the sweets to those who have not tasted
the ecstacy of love."
In the afternoon, some of the people
took their children to see Abdul-Baha.
He received them with utmost kindness
and generosity and even took off his own
embroidered Persian shawl and With
his blessed hands put it on the head of
a little girl. In the evening he talked

