STAR OF THE WEST 65
Dr. VVoolson: have an answer from
Mr. 'Wilhelm to the telegram of the com-
mittee. It says: 'Tablet concerning pub-
lications dated April 11, 1916, through
Ahmad, unsigned.' 
The Chairman: "You have heard the
answer of Brother lWilhelm to the tele-
gram sent by your committee, inquiring
as to the genuineness, or shall We say
the fact of signature to the original tab-
let'? Last year yo11 took action regard-
ing the protection of publications in the
Cause, based upo11 that tablet. We have
again taken action this year. W'e know
that it is impossible to obtain outer
communication with Abdul-Baha, or has
been, and may still be for some time. I
simply suggest to the Convention
to have that in mind, and if you should
deem it Wise to rescind your action on
this matter, to consider Whether you
would not have to take other action to
protect the matter of publications pend-
ing the opening or re-establishment of
coniinunication with Abdul-Baha. What
is your pleasure in the matter, if you
desire to take any further action?"
Mrs. Hoagg: "Volume one of the Tab-
Zets of Abdul-Baku, has been 'placed into
my hands. In the introduction is a
tablet revealed in 1906 stating that the
Boards of Council in New York, Chi-
cago, lVashington and Kenosha, should
take charge of publishing matters. Now,
it seems to me, since he entrusted that
into the hands of the friends at that
time, that he showed a desire for us to
shoulder that responsibility. Has he ex-
pressed any other desire since then to
the contrary?" 
The Chairman asked for suggestions
from Dr. Bagdadi.
Dr. Bagdadi: It would be very Wise
to investigate this further just as we
investigated today and found that the
tablet in regard to the printing of books
was not signed by the handwriting of
Abdul-Baha. Why not investigate
further and find out if there is any other
tablet that has come signed by Abdul-
Baha? 'We will compare the tablets and
We Will follow the latest tablet and the
latest instruction.
'"Would it not be Well if a committee
Were appointed to search for any tablet
that has come in this manner? "Would
it not be right for the Chairman to ap-
point that committee, or the Convention?
I leave it to the Chair."
The Chairman: "You mean to search
between now and the time of adjourn-
ment so that we may be able to know
What to do? Or do you mean to report
another year?"
Dr. Bagdadi: "We could make a de-
cision_if it is agreeable to the Conven-
tion We make a decision now, namely,
to follow the latest tablet that is strictly
authentic and the latest date of instruc-
ion."
The Chairman: "Tliat is concrete and
right to the point."
Dr. Bagdadi: make that as a mo-
tion."
The Chairman: might suggest that
Brother Gregory this morning said that
he thinks in volume four of the STAR
on THE VVEST is a later word on that
point, Which continues the idea expressed
in the former tablet of leaving it to the
gathering of the friends. If there is
such a tablet, this committee should
find it."
Dr. Bagdadi: "Vie should make a de-
cision now to follow that tablet, and
that tablet will be spread all over the
country, after the the
investigation. 
The Chairman: "Yes. The motion
then is that the committee be appointed,
or elected, as you prefer, to investigate
the entire field of the tablets in this
respect."
Dr. Bagdadi: "My idea is to be guid-
ed by the last authentic tablet in the
matter; or by the consensus of all of
them, if there appears to be any question
on that."
Mrs. Coles: "Would it not be Well to
let the Publications Committee be that
committee, to authenticate their own
Work?"

