STAR OF THE WEST 95
because the children are there taught
the Words of Baha'o'llah. Second, be-
cause the morality taught there is the
true Bahai morality. Third, because
the children will there become firmly
established in the precepts and truths
of the Bahai Cause. Fourth, because
Talks by Abdul-Baha
ADDRESS TO THE CHILDREN OF
THE BAHAIS AT CHICAGO,
MAY 5, 1912.
You are the children of Whom his
holiness Christ has said, "You are the
denizens of the Kingdom;" and accord-
ing to the Words of Baha'o'llah you are
the very lamps or candles of the world
of humanity, for your hearts are exceed-
ingly pure and your spirits are most
delicate. You are near the source; you
have not yet become contaminated. You
are like lambs, or like a very finely pol-
ished mirror. My hope for you is that
your parents may educate you spirit-
ually, giving you the utmost ethical
training. May your education be most
perfect so that each one of you may be
imbued with all the virtues of the human
World. May you advance in all the
degrees, be they mate-rial degrees or spir-
itual degrees. May you all become
learned, acquire sciences and arts and
crafts; may you be useful members of
human society; may you aid the progress
of human civilization; may you be a
cause of the manifestation of the divine
bestowals; may each one of you be a shin-
ing star, radiating the light of the one-
ness of humanity towards the East and
West; may you further the unity of
mankind; may you promote the love of
the whole. May the reality deposited in
the human entity become apparent
through your efiorts. I pray for all of
you asking God's aid a.nd coznfirmation
in your behalf.
You are all my children, you are my
spiritual children. The spiritual chil-
dren are very dear, they are dearer than
the Sunday School is of great value:
It is very good and they must attend
it With joy and fragrance and with en-
thusiasm. 
(To Miss F. A. K., Paris, Hay 20,
1913.)
to other Bahai children
physical children, because it is possible
for physical children to prove unspir-
itual but you are all spiritual children;
therefore you are very dear; you are
most beloved. I wish for you progress
along all degrees. May God aid you.
May you be surrounded by His gaze of
kindness, and may you be nurtured and
attain maturity under his protection.
You are all blessed.
(Star of the West, Vol. 3, No. 4,
p. 22.)
 
A TALK TO THE PUPILS OF THE
BAHAI SCHOOL IN ACCA.
A Lesson in English by a Persian Boy.
How lucky I was a11d what good for-
tune I had yesterday in the morning.
While all the scholars and I were as-
sembled together in the school and read-
ing our lessons suddenly our hearts were
filled with joy by hearing our Master's
voice blessing the believers; then he en-
tered the school With shining face and
smiling lips and began to walk very
calmly through the room, addressing us
and saying: "Endeavor and strive
eagerly that you may progress and ad-
vance rapidly. You are bor11 in this holy
day, attaining this great privilege by the
favor of God, therefore you must not
waste or throw away this bounty and
mercy. Try always to get more 1nanli-
ness and humbleness and to love one an-
other. You are like a small plant newly
sown. If the rays of the sun reflect on
it and it is watered by showers of rain
there is no doubt that it will by and by
grow and become a very fruitful tree;

