150 STAR OF THE WEST
the Omnipotent? Forsake, people, their mention, then hold the Chalice of
Life in the Name of your Lord the Merciful. Verily, by God, the existent world
is quickened through a drop thereof, Were ye of those who know.
Say; In that Day there is no refuge for any one save the Command of God,
and no salvation for any soul but God. Verily, this is the truth and there is
naught after truth but manifest error.
Verily, God hath made it incumbent upon every soul to deliver His Cause
[the Message] according to his ability. Thus hath the Command been recorded
by the Finger of Might and Power upon the Tablet of Majesty and Greatness.
Whosoever quickens one soul in this Cause is like unto one quickening all the
servants and the Lord shall bring him forth in the Day of Resurrection into the
Rizwan of Oneness, adorned with the Mantle of Himself, the Protector, the
Mighty, the Generous! Thus will ye assist your Lord, and naught else save
this shall ever be mentioned in this Day before God, your Lord and the Lord
of your forefathers.
As to thee, servant, hearken unto the admonition given unto thee in the
Tablet; then seek the Grace of thy Lord at all times. Then spread the Tablet
among those who believe in God and in His Verses; so that they may follow that
which is contained therein, and be of those who are praiseworthy.
Say: people, cause no corruption in the earth and dispute not with men;
for, verily, this is not worthy of those who have chosen in the shelter of their
Lord a station which shall indeed remain secure.
If ye find one athirst, give him to drink from the Chalice of Kawtha and
Tasneen; and if ye find one endowed with an attentive ear, read unto him the
Verses of God, the Mighty, the Merciful, the Compassionate! Unloose the
tongue with excellent utterance, then admonish the people if ye find them
advancing unto the sanctuary of God; otherwise abandon them unto themselves
and forsake them in the abyss of hell. Beware lest ye scatter the pearls of
Inner Significance before every barren, dumb one. Verily, the blind are deprived
of witnessing the Lights and are unable to distinguish between the stone and the
holy, precious pearl.
Verily, wert thou to read the most mighty, wonderful Verses to the stone
for a thousand years, will it understand, or will they take any effect therein"?
No! By thy Lord the Merciful, the Clement! If thou readest all the Verses of
God unto the deaf, will he hear a single letter"! No! Verily, by the Beauty,
the Mighty, the Ancient!
Thus have We delivered unto thee some of the jewels of Wisdom and
Utterance, in order that thou mayest gaze unto the direction of thy Lord and be
severed from all the creatures. May the Spirit and Glory rest upon thee, and
upon those who dwell upon the plain of Holiness and who remain in the Cause
of their Lord in manifest steadfastness!
Kitab-el-Ah'd--The Book of the Covenant
The Will and Testament of 
Although the Supreme Horizon is devoid of the vanities of the world, yet
1n the Treasury of Trust and Resignation, We have placed a priceless and
unequalled inheritance for the heirs. have not placed (therein) a treasure,
neither have We added to the pain.

