STAR OF THE WEST 133
It is indeed a remarkable co-incidence that the "Talks by Abdul-Baha in the
Holy Land", given when the doors of communication were closing, appear in this
issue of the STAR or THE 
We are glad to send them fortl1 at this time.
--The ditors.
Talks by Abdul-Baha in the Holy 
(Continued from page 131)
are between the claws of ferocious beasts
and the nails of the carnivorous of the
earth, do not be discouraged of the Spirit
of God. The veil will be removed from
the cause of the command of God. This
ray will radiate in the horizons of the
cities, the signals of oneness will be ele-
vated, the banners of the signs (verses)
of your Glorious Lord will wave upon
the firm edifice, the structure of doubts
will be shaken, the curtain of darkness
will be torn asunder; the morn of proofs
will dawn and the kingdoms of earth
and heaven will shine with the lights
of signs.
"You will see the banners of the sects
lowered, and their flags reversed, their
faces erased and transfixed, their eyes
staring and sunken, their hearts palpi-
tating and failing, their homes empty
and vacant, their bodies weak and de-
cayed, and the souls falling into hell!
"By the Life of God! Verily, in the
people of Noah, Lot, Thamood (one of
the first Arabian tribes) the Jews, the
Tobbaas of Seba, (ancient kings of Ye-
men in Hedjaz, Arabia), the heroes of
Bat-ha (Mecca), the kaisers of Fayhaa
(Bassra), the Cyruses of Zora (Bag-
dad), and in the fables of the ancient
centuries, there is an exhortation to the
mindful, and persons of innersight who
unfold the end of affairs by the begin-
ning of signs. Verily, their planets
were scattered, their processions have
perished, their faces became dusty, their
stars darkened, their roots torn up, their
seed crushed, their thrones wrecked,
their armies routed, their pillars quiv-
ered, their edifices in ruins, their palaces
forsaken, their backs broken, their tombs
collapsed, their faces ugly, their -skin
chilled, their shelter swept away and
their traces efiaced. Look thou at their
towns and villages in the desert. V\Then
themight of thy Lord came it made them
extinguished, arid and devastated. No
voice or whisper could he heard. But
those who took the neighborhood of the
mercy of thy Lord El-Abha (the Most
Glorious) as shelter, refuge, asylum and
protection, are like the birds who take
the twigs of the Sadrat-el-Montaha (the
most distant tree in Paradise, according
to the Mohammedan traditions, no angel
or prophet can go beyond the limits of
this Tree) as a nest and haunt. God
established them in the earth. made
them good leaders, caused their signs to
be famous and brought them from the
horizon of singleness with lights radiat-
ing from their faces."
ABDUL-BAHA DISMISSES ALL
PILGRIMS
The 29th day of June, 1914, Was a day
of great sorrow in Haifa because Abdul-
Baha dismissed all of the pilgrims and

bade them return to their countries.* In
the morning he spoke to the visitors from
Ishkabad, Turkestan, Russia; "Ishka-
*It is worthy of note that one month later the great pandemic war began,
"the war unparalleled in history.' Eclitors.

