STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES 14 YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, I911, at the at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Editorial R. WINDUST-- GERTRUDE BU1KEMA--DR. ZIA M. 
Honorary AHMAD SOHRAB
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U. S.A.
To personal checks please add sufficient to covet the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAI-IA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS cool
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
Suture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves oi the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wicle--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firnmess, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA ABBAS.
Vol. IX Kamal 1, 74- (August 20, 1918) No.9
ings which hallow this holy shrinefi the
confirmations of the Kingdom of Abha
may encircle you, and that you may be
characterized with the shining qualities
and brilliant attributes of the Bahai life.
May your morality become more defined
day by day! May your faith and assur-
ance bc increased day by day! May
your attraction to the kingdom of Abba
be intensified day by day! May your
attainment i11 sciences and arts become
more universal day by day! Perchance,
God Willing, you may become perfect
and accomplished from every standpoint
and be the means of the enlightenment of
Persia.
(Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Oct.
12, 1914.)
God be praised! How Wonderful are
these students! I am looking forward
With great hope to their future! In
reality they are beneath the shade of
the Blessed Perfection, they are b-eing
animated With the spirit of the Holy
Land. For this reason, they are su-
perior to many students. Their mettle
will become known in the future. They
*The Students were visiting the tomb of the Bab.
are now under the process of refining.
When they come out of the crucible their
brightness will become manifest. The
Word of God is the refining which Will
polish them, suffering them to become
pure as tested gold. Every single as-
sured and firm believer will consider
himself the servant of all the friends of
God, nay rather the servant of the World
of humanity. The honor of man de-
pends upon this. The everlasting glory
of mankind lies in this! For this roa-
son His Holiness Christ says: "The
last shall be first, the least among you
in the Kingdom is the greatest." W110-
soever desires to Walk in the path of the
Kingd0m--s0 that he may reach the
court of the Almighty--must be a true
servant. The path of God cannot be
compared with the paths of men. The
humbler the man is in the path of God,
the more exalted is he; the greater his
and submissiveness, the more
beloved is he; the more he is surrounded
with tests and trials, the vastcr the tran-
quillity and composure of his spirit.
(Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, July
15, 1914.)
'{"This is a. talk to the believers visiting Abdul-Baha. The students _were also present. These students
visit the Holy Land during their vacations. and most of_ them are perimtted to ll.V6 the whole summer near
the tomb Bagdadz.

