206 STAR OF
When Haji Mohammed Taki saw this
crane, he became elated, because he
thought he could show his skill here.
The bird had just risen from the ground,
When he fired the first shot and missed.
He. fired four more times without suc-
cess. By this time the bird was high in
the air, and he thought now he would
surely bring it to the ground and again
fired two shots and missed. Because he
disobeyed he did not suc-
ceed and not a single bullet found its
mark.
(From Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
Oct. 16, 1914.)
 i

During the War against a foreign na-
tion one of the soldiers was stricken
with a severe sickness. The military
doctor, observing his case, recommended
him to the sentry. "Do as I tell you,"
he said. "This man will not sleep to-
night. It is the crucial night of his sick-
ness, but tomorrow morning he will feel
much better. Nurse him very carefully
and watch over him all night." The doc-
tor went and after sunset the sentry
came around to take his position. After
an hour or two, he saw the sick man was
getting worse, bemoaning and lamenting
loudly. In order to alleviate his pain,
he gave him an opium pill. As a result
of this, he slept soundly all night. In
the morning, the doctor came and saw
that the condition of the patient was
worse than the day before. Not being
able to eXplain this relapse, he sent for
the sentry. 'What did you give him last
night?" "Oh! he was so frantic with
pain that I gave him only a pill of opi-
um, after which he slept quietly, all
night." "Did you think, that I, a doc-
tor, didn't know this remedy just as
well, but I did not give it to him be-
cause it would have made him worse?"
"What could I do? On my watch-night
I wanted to sleep, and this patient dis-
turbed my sleep. I gave him an opium
THE WEST
pill and it served its purpose. Tonight
there Will be another watchman. If the
patient is getting worse, it does not trou-
ble me in the least."
(From Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
Aug. 25, 1913.)
INFLUENCE OF MOHAMMED.
When the Mohammedans came and
conquered Persia, the chief of the Zo-
roastrian high priests Went to drink
wine. Wine is unlawful according to
the Mohammedan religion. VVhosoever
drinks wine is, according to the Moham-
medan law, to be punished by eighty-
one strokes of the whip. As the chief of
the Zoroastrian high priests did drink
wine, the Moslems arrested him, tied,
struck and whipped him. The Arabs
were looked upon as very low by the
Persians, and as His Holiness Moham-
med was an Arab, the Persians shunned
him very much; that is, the Persians
would not even count the Arabs as hu-
man beings. But When the high priest
saw such a power coming forth from the
Arabs, whom they had always looked
upon as being not even human beings,
he began to cry out, saying, thou
Arabian Mohammed! What hast thou
done? VVhat hast thou done which has
made thy people arrest the chief, the
high priest of the Zoroastrians because
he has committed something that is un-
lawful in thy religion?" Thus was the
cause overcome which had caused the
Zoroastrian high priest to shun the Mo-
hammedan religion. For he said: "What
a great influence Moh.ammed is exer-
cising!"
(From Star of the West, Vol. 3, No.
3, p. 13.)
Mimi'.
REAL OONTENTMENT.
Once upon a time, Salman called on
Abouzar. When the lunch time came
around, the host brought two loaves of
bread and some salt. There Was noth-

