STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened,
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So_ it shall be; these fruitless stnfes;
these ruinous wars all pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IX Kalamat l, 74 (luly 13, 1918) No. 7
Bahai Methods of Education
A Compilation of the Words of Baha'o'llah and Abdul-Baha to assist Parents and Teachers
in the Education of Children
COMPILED BY PAULINE A. HANNEN
It is worthy of note that, in the development of the Bahai Cause in the occident, this is the first com~
pilation to be made and published on this important subject. We believe far-reaching results will follow
a serious consideration of its every phase. Mrs. I-lannen has rendered a great service not only in its
compilation, but in establishing' a Bahai Sunday School in Washington, D. C.--The Editors.
Laws of Baha'0'llah
EACH your children What hath been
revealed through the Supreme Pen.
Instruct them in What hath descended
from the heaven of great-iiess and power-
Let them memorize the tablets of the
Merciful and chant them with the most
melodious voices in the galleries built in
the Temple of the Mashrekol-azkar.
The prayers of the Lord shall be chanted
in a manner to attract the hearts and
souls.
Blessed is he Who listeneth unto the
River of Life!
(\7Vords of Baha '0 '1lah.)
We have formerly commanded, in
the tablets, that the trustees of the
House of Justice must select one tongue
out of the present languages, or a new
language, and likewise select one among
the various Writings and teach them to
children in the schools of the World, so
that the Whole World may thereby be
considered as one native land and one
part.
(Tablet of IshraJ.cct, p. 36.)
It is decreed that every father must
educate his sons and daughters in learn-
ing and in Writing and also in that
which hath been ordained in the tablet.
He who neglects that which hath been
commanded (in this matter), if he is
rich, it is incumbent on the trustees (of
the House of Justice) to recover from
him the amount. required for the educa-
tion of the children; otherwise 
if the parent is not capable) the matter
shall devolve on the House of Justice.
Verily, We have made it (the House of
Justice) an asylum for the poor and
needy.
He Who educates his son, or any other
children, it is as though he hath edu-
cated one of My children.
(Tablet of Ishmkat, p. 36.)
Schools must first train the children
in the principles of religion, so that the
"promise" and the "threat," recorded
in the Books of God, may prevent them
from the things forbidden and adorn
them with the mantle of commandments;
but this in such a measure that it may
not injure the children by resulting in
ignorance, etc. The trustees of the
House of Justice must consult upon the
ordinances as they are outwardly re-
vealed in the Book, then enforce, of
these, Whatever prove agreeable to them.
Verily, God will inspire them with that

