60 STAR OF
ten a book on the prophets unless we 11ad
an opportunity to putAbdul-Baha in. lNe
had the choice of leaving him out or
putting him in with the others. It
seemed to us, and we prayed about it a
great deal, that it was better to put him
in, put these prophets in, and give their
life just as fully as we could make it,
and try to show that they were abso-
lutely perfect in character, that they
were flawless in life; and to put in an-
other chapter to endeavor to offset what
\Vilson* said. felt that it could not
but be of benefit to the Cause. 'We felt
that anyone reading it could understand
something of Abdul-Baha. So that was
our endeavor.
"Now, of course, I am just saying -this
because perhaps some of our Bahais
might like to use it for the education of
their children. 'We felt that God
was back of us, but it was hard work
preparing it. We wondered if perhaps
it might not be useful to all of our chil-
dren, and the advantage it has is this:
it will be circulated in all the Unitarian
schools in this country, and by many
libraries besides, and in that way it will
reach many people."
Mrs. True: "Mrs. Harrison has a very
valuable statement that she is timid
about making."
Mrs. Harrison reported a talk given in
Acca by Abdul-Baha. in which he said:
want you to tell the Americans that
they must not put Abdul-Baha on the
inside of a book but at the front or the
back." The lesson, it became evident
through further discussion, was that he
stands singly and alone. "We should
not mix him with anyone else.
The Chairman: "Dr. Bagdadi may
we hear from you?"
Dr. Bagdadi: "In the first place,
Abdul-Baha always humbles himself, al-
ways humbles himself before the Blessed
Beauty. He made it a rule with all the
believers of the orient that they should
never mix the tablets of Baha'o'llah with
N0te--Refers to a book by S. G. Wilson,
criticizing the Bahai Revelation.
THE VVEST
those of Abdul-Baha. Vile have a book, and
in it We Write the communes or the tab-
lets of Baha'o'llah; when we come to
the middle We leave one or more sheets
White, blank, and then we begin with the
tablets of Abdul-Baha. He always em-
phasizes that. He always wanted his
tablets to be separate from those of the
Blessed Beauty. I received a tablet, and
I have it now, in the handwriting of
Abdul-Baha, in regard to the printing
of any book, whether from the holy ut-
terances, or from the composition of the
friends, it must be with the permission
of the Center of the Covenant; otherwise
it will produce great harmfi'
The wisdom of this tablet is manifest.
\Ve may have either an ignorant writer,
or an enemy, and who can prevent them
from writing a book'? No one can pre-
vent them, unless with this command that
it must be with his permission.
"But Abdul-Baha has repeatedly ap-
proved of all of the holy utterances that
we have, such as the Ighcm, the Hidden
Words and all those that we have in
print. He has approved of the writings
of Mr. Bemey, and he has approved of
the pamphlets of Mr. Vslilhelm. He ap-
proved of the writings and pamphlets of
some others. But a. tablet was received,
without the signature of Abdul-Baha,
saying that the Convention may pass on
the writings of the friends, that is, if
any one wants to Write a book, a com-
mittee perhaps will be authorized by the
Convention to look at and study that
particular book, and if they approve of
it, then it is good to print it. Now, I
a.m not in a position to say whether that
tablet is authentic or not. Wle can easily
find out who received that tablet and
how he received it and whether it is
authentic or not. Now, that tablet was
after Abdul-Baha left America."
*This is the statement referred to, written
by the blessed hand Of Abdul-Baha. in a tablet
sent to n1e_fr0m New York City, dated May 30,
1912: With regard to the printing of any
book that concerns the Cause, it is not permis-
sible except with permission from the Center of
the Covenant, whether that be of the blessed
tablets or the composition of the friends, Other-
yivisie there is great Zia M. Bag-
a i.

