28 STAR OF
not progress. Nay rather, they will de-
stroy their own homes."
On February 11th, Hadji Mussa, a
Jewish Bahai, arrived from Azerbayjan,
Persia. He went with the pilgrims to
visit Abdul-Baha, who talked to them
as follows: "Readiness is necessary in
order to be a recipient of divine bounty.
Souls who are prepared are like candles,
coming in contact with fire. They be-
-come illumined. They are swayed by
the wafting of a breeze. They become
green and verdant from a drop of the
sprinkling of the cloud of favor. They
find merciful susceptibilities by hearing
a word. But no fruits nor results can
be obtained from the souls who are not
ready. Thus the prepared souls, on hear-
ing the divine call, respond, 'Here we
are!' They turn to the Kingdom of
Abha, investigate the realities of divine
questions and arise to spread the fra-
grances of God. How many souls in the
world have longed all of their lives to
live in the days of one of the near serv-
ants of God and to reach the favor of
being in the presence of one of the ac-
cepted servants in the threshold of the
Truth, and yet it was impossible for
them! Praise be to God, you have re-
sponded with 'Aye!' to the call of God,
in the days of the Blessed Beautylight. and in the cen-
tury of mysteries. God willing, you may
be confirmed in services to the holy
threshold and firm in the Covenant and
Testament of God."
On February 12th some of the friends
went to see Abdul-Ba-ha. and heard him
say the following: "We must execute
the divine ordinances. The Blessed
Beauty says, 'If you have a word or a
truth, which others are deprived of, pre-
sent it with utmost compassion. If it
is accepted, the aim is attained. If
otherwise, you should not interfere.
Leave him to himself, while advancing
to God, the Mighty, the Self-subsisting.'
The duty of the friends, is this: To be
THE WEST
kind to all nationalities and parties; to
be all love; to be well-wishers and to
associate with everyone, in the utmost
unity. . . . They must-always read the
holy books, so that they may be familiar
with their contents. . . . Do
not write anything for the STAR or THE
WEST that might become the cause of
repelling the souls". Nay, rather, write
things that may become the cause of joy,
advancement and hopefulness to the
souls."
In the afternoon, some of the German
and British leaders went to visit Abdul-
Baha and he talked to them about the
holy land and Mount Carmel. He said:
"The climate of Mount Carmel is peer-
less. Its sun is always shining, its moon,
brilliant, its stars are gleaming and its
lights are radiant. This holy land is
the high land, wherein the prophets o-f
'God became manifest. Abraham, Ish-
mail, Isaac, Joseph, 1\/Loses, Aaron, Isaiah
and the rest, were -in the holy land.
You must know the value of this land
and love it. If a person travels in all
of this holy land he will find all kinds
of trees, those that grow in tropical as
Well as those of the temperate climates,
such as pomegranate, dates, cypresses,
walnut, etc. You must love this holy
land very much. The Sun of Reality
shone forth upon it and it is the dawn-
ing-point of the Manifestations of the
Light of Divinity." Then Abdul-Baha
praised the climate and the inhabitants
of Stuttgart, Germany, and spoke about
the superstitions and imitations of the
leaders of religion. He said: "They
are promulgating matters which are not
in accord with the divine books and
which are contrary to sound minds. His
holiness Christ says, 'Sheath thou the
sword,' but they make the Krupp can-
nons. If you compare the deeds of the
present nations with the behests of the
holy books and with the deeds of the
divine Manifestations, you will find that
there is no relation whatever between
them-I!
In the evening, the general meeting

