STAR OF THE WEST 13
drawn nigh. Prep are yourselves to enter
into the Kingdom!" Thus was the mat-
ter decreed on the part of God, the
cleaver of the dawn. Hearken unto
the strains which the dove o-f eternity
hath sung upon the branches of the
divine lote-tree and is vocal with the
melody of, people of the earth! We
have sent unto you him who was named
John, to baptize you with water, that
your bodies might be purified for the
appearance of Christ, and that he
(Christ) hath purified you with the fire
of love and with the water of the Spirit,
as preparation for these days whereon
the Merciful hath willed to cleanse your
bodies with the Water of Life by the
hands of grace and bounty."
(Words of Baha'o'llah: Extract from
Tablet revealed for the Pope.)
ii,
His Holiness the Supreme (Bab)-
May my life be a ransom for him!--is
the promised one of the Koran, or in
other words he is the M.ahdi, the Kaem,
the promised one, who was to appear
after his holiness, Mohammed. The Bab
was the radiant Morn of Guidance, the
herald of the Beauty of Abha, the Bless-
ed Perfection, the S-un of Reality-may
my life be a sacrifice to him!
Baha'o'1lah was his holiness, "Him-
whom-God-shall-manifest, the promised
one of all the books and epistles of his
holiness, the Bab.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Extract from
Tablet revealed for American believers;
translated April 19, 1914.)
ii.
Here follow some prophecies of the Bab:
"Before the twentieth year the crea-
tion of The Began will be perfected, and
then the new advent shall take place."
-(From the Book of Names.)
"In the year maze you shall appre-
hend all the good." (This prophecy of
the Bab's in The Began Was fulfilled
by the exile of Baha-'o'llah from
Teheran and his arrival in the ninth
year of the Bab 's by
Mirza Ali Kuli Khan.)
swear by the most holy essence of
and mighty is he !--that
in the day of the manifestation of 'Him-
whom-God-shall-manifest,' if one should
hear a single verse from him and recite
it, it is better than that he should recite
The Began a thousand times."
"All the Baha (glory) of The Began
is All
mercy be on him who believeth, and all
chastisement on him who believeth not
in him."
"Verily, I am the first one who wor-
shipped him."
people of The Began! Let neither
The Began and whatever is therein, nor
its letters, veil you from 'Him-whom-
God-shall-manifest.' If he abolishes all
The Began he is the true one, and if
he appears with one single verse he is
the truth."
"All the divine names and attributes
revealed in The Began in their primary
sense revolve around 'Him-whom-God
shal1~manifest;' and in their secondary
sense around the 'Branch-extended-from
the-Ancient-Root (Abdul-B aha) . 
(Words of the Bab, quoted by Mirza
Ali Kuli Khan from The Began, in an
address at VVash.ington, D. C., June,
1903.)
"Today, The Began is in the stage of
seed, but at the beginning of the mani-
festation of 'Hi1n-whom-God-shall-mant
fest,' the ultimate perfection of The
Began will become apparent, when he
shall gather the fruits of the trees Which
have been planted." 225.)
"The third chapter of the third
Vahid. Concerning this, that The Began
and whosoever is therein revolved around
the saying of 'Him-whom-Grod-shall-man
ifest,' even as the Alif the Gospel)
and whosoever was therein revolved
around the saying of the
Messenger of God, and as that which God
revealed unto him at first and whoso-

