STAR OF THE WEST
"Vl/e desire but the good of the world and the ltappiuess of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strength-
ened, that diversity of religion shall cease and clifferencee of race he annulled. 'So it shall be; these truitless
Strifcs; these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IX Asma 1, 74 (August 1,1918) NO. 8
Bahai Methods of Education
A Compilation of the Words of Baha'0'llah and Abdul-Baha to assist Parents and Teachers
in the Education of Children
COMPILED BY PAULINE A. HANNEN
Utterances of Abdul-Baha in Tablets and Talks--Continued
(Continued from page 88)
STATION OF THOSE SERVE
AND TEACH CHILDREN
thou teacher of the children of the
Kingdom! Thou hast undertaken such
a service that shouldst. thou glory over
all the teachers of the World, thou art
deserving. For the teachers of the world
confer a material education, so that
human faculties, physical and ideal, may
grow and develop; but thou art bestow-
ing heavenly instruction and the lessons
of the Kingdom upon the new plants of
the divine garden. The results of this
education are to obtain the bestowals
of the Most Glorious Lord and the ap-
pearance of the virtues of the World of.
humanity. Show firmness and stead-
fastness in this Work. The outcome will
be most important. From their child-
hood the children must be given a. Bahai,
spiritual and Godlike education. Should
they be so instructed they Will be "pro-
tected and guarded from every test.
(Tablet to Mrs. H. 11., Oct. 29, 1913.)
The children must receive divine and
material education at the same time, and
be protected from temptations and vices.
How wonderful will it be when the
teachers are faithful, attracted and as-
sured, educated and refined Bahais, Well
grounded in the science of pedagogy and
familiar with child thus
they may train the children with the
fragrances of God. In the scheme of
human life the teacher and his system
of teaching plays the most important
role, carrying with it the heaviest re-
sponsibilities and most subtle influence.
A teacher is like unto a gardener. Just
as a gardener sows the seeds and Watches
carefully over their sprouting, looks
after their growth a11d develop1ncnt-
so also a tcachcr must watch over the
education of the children and inculcate
in their young lives the highest ideals of
truth and justice, etc.
(Diary of I\li1'za Ahmad Sohrah, Oct.
18, 1914.)
A Woman who is a good B-ahai, 
ing for the cllildreu in the school, came.
She sliowed her hands to Abdul-Baha
that he might see how she had scrubbed
the floor. He kept her hands in his
and said: "Hands which have labored
in the cause of education are ever
blessed. I am pleased With your hands.
I love such hands very much because
they have worked for the children. 3-lav
you become a great educator and guide
to humanity."
(Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Lon-
don, December, 1912.)

