STAR OF THE WEST 187
mosaic in jewels hanging around his
neck; the Russian Orthodox Arch Priest
sat near the altar; the Coptic Bishop
sat under the organ; the Roman Church
was not represented, but Abyssinian
priests put in a11 appearance and were
evidently greatly puzzled by the organ
strains . . . .
. . To have been present
at such a service on Peace Sunday, here,
in the religious centre of the world, was
a never-to-be-forgotten privilege.
The Nunc Dimittis was sung for those
who have yielded up their lives during
thewar. . . . ..
Mount Carmel Hospice, Haifa.
November 18, 1918.
This morning I left Jerusalem travel-
ling by car and train, arriving here at
8 p. having started at 7 a. m.
I have just sent word to Abdul-Baha,
asking to be allowed to present myself
tomorrow, and await his answerPrison House of BAHA 0 LLAH, Acea,
November 20, 1918.
How often have I pictured myself in
these surroundings. I have longed to
be here ever since those distant days in
1908 when I first heard of the Bahais
and their Masters (The Bab, 
LLAH, and Abdul-Baha) . . . . . when
I was in Constantinople . . . .
. .
I arrived at Haifa Immediately on arrival I sent a messen-
ger to Abdul-Baha's house further up
the mountain, asking to be allowed to
present myself.
Two of the younger Persian believers
came down at once to see me, one was
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, one of the editors
of the STAR or THE Wnsr. They told me
the Master was at Acca and was not ex-
pected back for several days. Next
morning I hired a two~horse carriage
and leaving my servant and the luggage
at the hotel, set off for Aeca. The jour-
ney has been described too often to bear
repetition. It is perfectly fascinating.
There is no road between Haifa and
Acca, and the light railway has been
torn up, so one drives for two and one-
half hours around the bay on the hard
sand close to the blue, blue sea. Half
the time the carriage is in the sea, be-
cause the sand is harder where the waves
lap over it.
From a distance the ancient walled
city of the Crusades looks most pic-
turesque, standing right up out of the
water, and reminds one a little of a
miniature Stambul. But Acca from the
inside is a11 awful place, full of smells
and slums and dirt.
Its one feature of beauty is the sweet
and abundant water supply, brought
into the city from the distant hills along
a Roman aqueduct. At last we reach
the Master's house, close to the sea wall,
butshut in on all sides by slums and
courts. A long stone stairway leads up
to the living-room in this prison house
where spent the last years
of his life and where his son has lived
on and off for forty years.
The Master was standing at the top
waiting to greet me with that sweet
smile and cheery welcome for which he
is famous. For seventy-four long years
Abdul-Baha has lived in the midst of
tragedy and hardship, yet nothing has
robbed or can rob him of his cheery op-
timism, spiritual insight and keen sense
of humor.
He was looking little older than when
I saw him seven years ago, and certainly
more vigorous than when in England
after the exhausting American trip. His
voice is as strong as ever, his step virile,
his hair and beard are (if possible) more
silver~white than before.
He is delighted to welcome the change
of regime, but I could detect the tragic
note, for if the British occupation had
taken place ten years ago, he would have
been able to travel throughout the Near
and Middle East spreading the glad tid-
ings of his father's mission.
(Continued on page 192)

