STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, SIS South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as matter April 9, 19ll, at the poet ofice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act oi March 3, 1575.
ALBERT R. BUIKEMA-DR. BAGDADI
7 if Honorary Mcmb:r--M1RzA Sonimn
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHKI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, U. S. A.
To personal checks please add sufiicient to cover the bank exchange. 7
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAI-IA. if
thou Star of the West! as I5 con!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
bccorpc the St_ar of the East and shalt spread in every country and clinic. Thou art the first paper of the
Baha1s 15 orgamzecl in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy iorm_ IS small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unslialgable, become the of the attention
of the frlends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the falth who are firm in the Covenant, the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of_ the sea; thy volume will mcrease,
thy arena Will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, 
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Anus.
AS1113 1, 112133,, 
Be obedient and kind to thy father
and mother, caressing brother and sis-
ter, and day by day adding to thy faith
and assurance.
(Tablets of Abdul-Balm, Vol. 3, p.
551.)
thou dear one of Abdul-Balm! Be
the son of thy father and be the fruit
of that tree. Be a son that hath been
born of his soul and heart and not only
of the Water and clay. A real son is
such an one as hath branched from the
spiritual part of a. man. I ask God that
thou mayest be a-t" all times confirmed
and strengthened.
(Tablets of Abdul-Baha, Vol. 2, p.
342.)
DUTIES OF CHILDREN TOVVARDS
GOD
ye dear children! Your Father is
compassionate, clement and merciful
unto you and desireth for you success,
prosperity and eternal life in the King-
dom of God. Therefore, it is incum-
bent upon you, dear children, to seek His
good pleasure, to be guided by His guid-
ance, to be drawn by the magnet. of the
love of God and be brought up in the
lap of the love of God, that ye may be-
come beautiful branches in the garden
of El-Abha, verdant and Watered by the
abundance of the gift of God.
(Tablets of Abdul-Baha, Vol. 3, p.
622.)
instructions to the Bahai Sunday School
of Washington, D. C.
Sunday School for the children,
in which Tablets are read, the
tea.cl1ings of His Holiness Ba.ha'0'llal1
explained, and the W'ord of God read to
the children, is exceedingly blessed. Un-
doubtedly meetings should bc held regu-
larly and invested with importance so
that day unto day its circle may be en-
larged and be quickened with the breaths
of the Holy Spirit. If this meeting is
organized befittingly and behoovingly,
rest thou assured that it shall yield most
great results; but firmness and stead-
fastness are necessary, that it may not
continue for a few days and later on
little by little be forgotten. Its con-
tinuation depends upon firmness. In
every cause firmness and steadfastness

