198 STAR OF
may become the cause of the illumina-
tion of the world of humanity. Con-
sider, when the confirmations of God
have encircled a soul, how it is assisted
to render great services! I hope that
this unlimited bounty may encompass
one and all.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
TABLET TO MRS. VVAITE
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
January 29, 1917. Mailed at that time
but returned on account of the war con-
ditions. Remailed October 8, 1918.)
thou sweet singing bird!
Thy letter was received. From its
contents it became evident that thou hast
moved from Chicago to Los Angeles.
Praise be to God, that thou art engaged
and confirmed in the services of the
Kingdom of God. With a sweet melody
thou art imparting joy and exhilaration
to the souls; i11 the meetings stir and
move the audiences through the heav-
enly call. Arise thou in ofiering due
thanks for this bounty, because thou art
assisted in such a Great Cause. The re-
sults of thy services thou shalt find in
the divine World--the limitless universe
of the True One. Their fruits will like-
wise become apparent ere long in this
world. .
I perused the article thou hast written
concerning the Mashrekol-azkar. Thou
hast taken much trouble in the corre-
spondence of Numbers. The digit 9 is
the perfect number, and other high num-
bers are the mere repetition of number
1 to 9. For example: Number 10 is
the repetition of number 1; 20 is the
repetition of number 2; 100 is the repe-
tition of number 10; 1000- is the repeti-
tion of 100, ad infinitum. Consequently
the most perfect and greatest number is
9. Extract as far as thou canst the hid-
den significances from number 5 and 9.
Thy reasoning and the power of thy
thought are very penetrating. The
THE WEST
poem, "Sons of God," that thou hast
forwarded was in reality wonderful,
sweet, eloquent, and fluent, and its mean-
ings most thrilling. Strive thou in the
composition of such pieces, so that at all
times the river of pure poesy may flow
from thy tongue. The maid-servant of
God, who ascended to the divine King-
dom,-Taere, made matchless translations
of thy poems; she always translated them
into Persian poetry, which made them
very attractive. Keep the letters which
thou hast with thyself; for many letters
now mailed from America do not reach
us. Praise be to God, that the meetings
in Los Angeles are in the utmost state
of unity and concord--this news brought
to us great happiness. Convey on my
behalf "to each and all of the believers
my loving greetings and kindness. Thou
hast written about Mrs. Ella Wheeler
Wilcox. This respected lady has infinite
capabilities. She is like a lamp filled
with oil which no sooner comes in con-
tact with fire than it is set aglow. Now
it is thus hoped that she may become
enkindled with the fire of the love of God,
and her torch become so illumined, so
luminous, as to illumine all directions.
A letter is written in her name; deliver
it to her.
Upon thee be greetings and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
TABLET TO MISS ANNIE BOYLAN
(Translated about two years ago by
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, but owing to the
war was held in Palestine. Mailed
October 12, 1918).
thou daughter of the Kingdom!
Thy postal card received. It indicated
thy firmness and steadfastness in the
Covenant and Testament. Thank thou
God that thou art holding fast and art
a promulgator of the Covenant of God,
art suffering the thirsty ones to drink
from the spring of guidance and invit-
ing the hungry ones to the heavenly

