STAR OF THE WEST
mutable Center. He said that the be-
lievers of America are today oifered the
most supreme opportunity that has ever
been given to any people in the history
of mankind, that of establishing unity
on this earth on its eternal foundation--
the Center of the Covenant of God.
This Congress and Convention will
surely go down in the history of the
Cause as the Convention of the Covenant,
the consummation of all our hopes and
the fulfillment of the will of Abdul-Baha.
After the cleansing of the sanctuary
from the taint of violation, when the
friends all united in the holy place of
obedience to the Center of the Covenant,
then the confirmation of the Spirit de-
scended, the hearts were set ablaze with
the fire of eternity, the mirror of unity
refiected the face of the Beloved and the
foundation of oneness was laid. From
that hour everything moved with a
45
supreme power toward its destined end.
The mighty flow of spiritual events was
like a deep river rushing onward to the
bosom of the sea. When the representa-
tives from all the assemblies in America
and Canada met in that great gathering
of the firm and steadfast ones, and took
that decisive action, that "great step of
the soul," and united in the immutable
power of the Center of the Covenant, a
new day dawned in America and the
reality of the Cause of Bal1a'o 'llah be-
came manifest. As a stone cast into the
center of at body of water sends forth
wave upon wave to the uttermost circum-
ference, so when the power of the Cove-
nant became fully established and firmly
founded in the very heart and core of
the Cause, this world-illuminating Orb
sent forth mighty waves of divine energy
and spiritual activity throughout the
world. M. M.
Report of the Tenth Annual Convention
of the Bahai Temple Unity
Held at the Auditorium Hotel, Chicag0,April 27th to 30th, 1918
MONDAY MORNING SESSION
Auditorium Hotel, ninth
HE Convention was called to order
at 10:15 o'clock A. M., Mr. William
H. Randall, President of the Executive
Board, acting as Chairman, and Mr.
Harlan Foster Ober, Secretary of the
Executive Board, acting as Secretary of
the meeting.
The meeting was opened by singing the
"Benediction," after which the Chair-
man welcomed the delegates to the Con-
vention, and asked for the nomination
of a temporary chairman.
On motion of Mrs. Rice-Wray, sec-
onded by Mrs. Maxwell, Dr. F. WV.
D'Evelyn, of San Francisco, was elected
temporary chairman of the meeting by
unanimous consent.
Dr. D'Evelyn thereupon assumed the
floor, Monday, April 29th.
Chair and called upon Mr. Ober for a
statement regarding the assemblies which
had registered and those which had not
registered, in accordance with the reso-
lution passed at the 1917 Convention.
Mr. Ober: "Not all of the assemblies
registered in accordance with the reso-
lution passed at the 1917 Convention, so
that in this preliminary part of the Con-
vention only the delegates from the fol-
lowing assemblies have legally a right to
take part: Chicago; Jersey City; Ithaca;
Glenolden, Pa.; Worcester; Buffalo;
Brooklyn; New York City; Bakersfield,
Calif.; Cleveland; Atlantic City; Den-
ver; Detroit; New Haven; Cambridge;
Geyserville, Calif.; Muskegon, Mich.;
St. John, New Brunswick; Peoria; Phil-

