184 STAR OF
there he found his beloved, with a light
in her hand, searching for a ring she
had lost! When that heart-surrendered
lover saw his heart-ravishing beloved
one, he heaved a sigh and stretched
forth his hands in prayer: God!
Bestow honor on this patrol, bless him
with wealth, and preserve him; for this
patrol was Gabriel, who became the
guide of this infirm one. He was a Seraph
who imparted life to this humble one!"
(From the Seven Valleys, page 17 .)
DESCRIPTION OF A BEAUTIFUL
GARDEN.
As told by Abdul-Baha.
Outside of Teheran we had a great
park planted by the father of the
Blessed Perfection, This
was a wonderful garden. It contained
four gates, eastern, western, northern
and southern. As you entered the east-
ern gate, the western gate was visible,
and similarly from the northern gate
you could see the southern gate. In the
center of the garden a great throne was
built, and four straight avenues
branched off toward the gates, so that
you could see all four gates as you sat
on the throne. On both sides of these
avenues poplar trees were planted, to
the number of ten thousand. These
trees arose erect and majestic toward the
sky. Under the trees thousands of rose
bushes were planted, the fragrance of
which filled the air. Often we used to
sleep at night on this throne. The
moon, clear, full, silvery, shone upon us,
the galaxies of stars shedding their rays,
THE WEST
now faintly and again with a lustrous
twinkle over the calm and mystic scene
of the garden. Long before sunrise I
would open my eyes, admiring with
wonder this infinite universe of God.
Then all at once the nightingales in sweet
melodies would break into a concert of
divine music, the gentle mumur of the
rills flowing in from all sides reaching
to the ears and the would pass
through the leaves making the noise of
a soft sweeping hand-clap and applause.
In the early mornings the Blessed Per-
fection would arise and prepare tea for
all of us, and while the sun was dawn-
ing from the eastern horizon we would
gather around Him, drinking tea and
enjoying the heavenly scene all around
us.
(Then Abdul-Baha started to walk
through the rose-garden, now and then
standing before a rosebush and deeply
contemplating its construction and pet-
als. Looking at a rose which was very
like an American Beauty, he saidz)
"When we arrived in Constantinople
it was just at this season [September].
The garden of the house wherein we
lived contained one rosebush, on every
branch of which one rose blossomed
forth after sunset. The believers not
having seen roses at this season were
overjoyed, and until late at night were
gathered around it."
(Then he passed by, himself a unique
rose in the garden of the world of hu-
manity, the fragrance of which has
filled all creation!)
(From Diary of Mirza Ahmad Soh-
rab, September 19, 1913.)
(To be continued)
POST CARD RECEIVED BY THE BAHAI ASSEMBLY OF CHICAGO
My dear brothers and sisters:
Haifa, Palestine, December 1, 1918.
Abdul-Baha calls us today to the solution of great world problems. We must not remain behind,
but be in the vanguard of the forces of the new civilization. We must first renew ourselves from top to
bottom and then induce others to do the same. All our past efforts in comparison to the efforts that we
have to make in the near future have been pastimes. We must be ready and put our house in order, so
that we may be able to undertake the great work that will be presented to us before long. "Vigilence
and preparedness" must be our motto. Bahai greetings . . . . Ahmad Sohrab.

