STAR OF THE WEST 63
come to the Cause in Chicago through
violation and, as a consequence, the
dwindling of the numbers of the believ-
ers, Dr. Bagdadi said:
"We have tried many experiments. I
have seen that. But now, friends, praise
be to God, that cancer is cut out, and
the body of the Cause is perfect. Many,
on account of ignorance or self interest,
tried to spoil the work. Many mistakes
were made, but on the 12th of Novem-
ber, that great feast was held in per-
feet harmony, and the Committee of In-
vestigation was elected, and they were
efficient, and whenever communication
is resumed, you will hear commendation
from the Center of the Covenant, for
always he recognizes, always he confirms
those that stand for the Covenant; al-
ways he shuns those who oppose the Cov-
enant. The members of that committee
have sacrificed their time, their energy
and their money, and they have received
arrows of criticism from all parts and
they have come here and finished their
Work.
"Criticisms were raised, and yet those
souls who criticized the committee,
never contributed any help in removing
the conditions. That is, they did not
remove the stagnation in Chicago, and
they did not cut off any of the cancerous
tissues. It is a very easy thing to sit
down and criticize and find fault. It is
characteristic of the violators to sit down
and criticize, and do nothing else. The
friends in Chicago are not tying the
hands of anybody. Those who want to
work in harmony are welcome. To those
who want to work their own way, we say,
'work your own way.' Yet, some people
think that we should mingle with those
people. This cannot be done.
"There is 11ot in all Persia one viola-
tor today, because the believers, when
they hear of a suspicion, immediately
look into it and find out whether it is
true or not. . . . There is no com-
promise where violation is.
"Moreover, Baha'o'llah says, God,
confirm those who are firm in the Cov-
enant, and condemn those who violate
the Covenant.' He never said, 'Pray for
the violators.' His only command was
to shun them.
"Maybe the opinion of one is not to
shun them, the opinion of another to be
a little kind. But what is best? Shall
we take Abdul-Baha's words, or some
one's opinion? Undoubtedly every intel-
ligent, faithful and loving Bahai will
take the decision of Abdul-Baha, in or-
der to protect the unity of the believers.
"The Committee of Investigation has
done its part, and the Convention is
here, and I beg of them to take the
right stand now. If anyone did not re-
ceive the report, a copy can be had by
asking for it; and if they Wish, let them
withhold judgment until an opportunity
can be had to read it. But I beg of
those who have read the rep-ort to stand
with a rising vote and commend the com-
mittee for its work, and they may rest
assured that the divine confirmation will
surround them."
The Chairman: did not hear your
closing remarks, Dr. Bagdadi."
Dr. Bagdadi: "May I repeat them?"
The Chairman: "Yes."
Dr. Bagdadi: said, let those of the
friends here who have not yet received
the report of the committee wait and
read the entire report; but I beg of those
who have received the report of the
Committee of Investigation, if they find
that it has done a great piece of work-
in order to preserve the Cause, in order
to stop the stagnation in this city--that
they stand up and commend the com-
mittee."
Mrs. Maxwell: "May I make a mo-
tion that this report of the Committee of
Investigation be accepted?"
Dr. Bagdadi: "That is what I mean,
by a rising vote."
The Chairman: "The matter now be-
fore us is that the report of the Com-
mittee of Investigation on violation in
America be accepted. Are you ready
for the question? All those in favor will
rise. The purpose of this, as I under-

