62 STAR OF
less one can realize that, they do not
understand what this violation means."
Mrs. Struven related an experience
which she had had in Acca in company
with a friend who had received seven-
teen very wonderful tablets. She felt
her unworthiness and asked Abdul-Baha
how it was that these wonderful things
had been penned to her when she felt
she was so unworthy. He called her by
a wonderful title, a station which she
knewshe had not attained, and the ex-
planation which he gave to her may help
us on deciding our position on certain
questions. He said, "When Abdul-Baha
writes tablets, he is calling the souls to
a station which they are potentially able
to attain. It does not mean that they
have attained that station at the time of
the writing.' 
Mrs. Struven: "Now, it is possible for
them to attain the station for which he
calls them. When he says that we are
his companions, or We are with him in
all the worlds, it means, that We are with
him, if we are Bahais. I just say that,
because in this day when one person or
another is brought to our attention, and
this great question of their firmness in
the Center of the Covenant is before us
to decide, some say, 'Why, they have
had a wonderful tablet!' 
Mrs. Hoagg: was just thinking
that Abdul-Baha has often said, 'You
are confirmed in love,' or 'you are con-
firmed in obedience,' or 'you'are con-
firmed in this way,' or 'you are con-
firmed i11 that way.' He has said to
some 'you are confirmed in this Way' and
we know afterwards that they have lost
that station. . . . It seems to me to-
day that we have to have more than love,
we have to have obedience and it is the
call to obedience that Abdul-Baha is
making today. Let us call for obedience
and love will come."
Dr. Bagdadi said in part: "Our pur-
pose in coming here is to spread the light
of Baha'o'llah through all regions. You
who represent all the States of America
have come here bringing your light and
THE WEST
your joy, and taking also a light and a
joy from the Manifestation of God, who
today is speaking to us through the lan-
guage of the spirit. There is no more
important subject to the real Bahais than
the matter of firmness in the Covenant.
Firmness in the Covenant, Abdul-Baha
says, means obedience to the commands
of the Center of the Covenant, Abdul-
Baha. He said the American believers,
praise be to God, are firm in the Cove-
nant, but the firmer they are, the better
they become, or the firmer they become,
the better they are.
"We know a violator, Abdul-Baha
says, as we know a donkey when we see
him, because violation of the Covenant,
he says, has a pungent odor, a pungent
smell, a sickening smell, while firmness
in the Covenant has a fragrant odor. We
must use the nostril of the spirit or in-
hale with the nostrils of the spirit, then
We can distinguish between violation and
firmness.
"The Lord Christ, two thousand years
ago, spoke of the importance of finding
the lost sheep, so that you have even to
leave ninety-nine sheep, in order to go
and find the lost lamb, and the joy is
greater in finding the little lost lamb
than over the ninety-nine sheep. This
is the truth. But we must know also
that in the divine tests, changes always
come; the great among us have to fall
down, a11d the low ones have to rise.
This has been shown in all the Mani-
festations of the past. In the Koran it
says that when the great test comes, the
high will fall low, and the low will rise
highmake mistakes. Vile
make mistakes every day; and to speak
about the Covenant and to speak about
violation, is to reinind us not to make
such mistakes. This is important to all
of us, and we must all be mindful al-
ways of Abdul-Baha's words, that they
have to be obeyed to the letter. That
preserves the unity, and does away with
all mistakes."
After outlining the difficulties that had

