STAR OF THE WEST ll
Say: is the one who-m the Son hath
glorified and hath upraised his command.
Abandon that which is before you, 
people of the earth! and take that which
is commanded you from before the
Powerful, the Faithful. Purify your
ears and turn your minds to hear the
sweet call which hath arisen from the
direction of Sinai, the abode of your
most glorious (Abha) Lord. Verily he
attracts you unto a station wherein you
will behold the lights of the face, which
hath shone forth from this brilliant
horizon. . . . .
Do you choose to be silent whilst all
trees and stones are calling out with the
loudest voice, "Surely the Lord hath
come, the Poss-essor of great 
. . . .Say: Verily he hath surely shone
forth from the direction of the orient;
and his signs have appeared in the
occident.
(Words of Baha'o'l1ah: Extract from
Lawh--eZ_-Akdas--the Most Holy Tablet.
Star of the West, Vol. 4, No. 1, p. 14.)
Verily, he hath appeared in truth, and
hath uttered a word where-by all in the
heavens and those whom
God wished-are stunned." Faith in
God, and the knowledge of him cannot
be fully realized except through believ-
ing in all that hath proceeded from him
(the Manifestation), and by practicing
all that he hath commanded and all that
is revealed in the book from the Supreme
Pen.
(Words of Baha'0'llah: Tablet of
Taja-Zleyat, p. 75.)
This is indeed the Father, whereof
Isaiah gave you tidings and the Com-
forter whose covenant the Spirit (Christ)
hath received. . . . . The perfection
of the Ancient hath come by his most
mighty name and hath desired to make
the people enter into the most holy King-
dom, and that the sincere may see the
Kingdom of God before his face . . . .
Blessed is he who fulfilleth the Covenant,
and woe unto him who breaketh the
promise and denieth God, the knower of
secrets. . . . . Advance thereunto,
verily thy glorious Lord hath honored
his country by his coming, thus we teach
you the path whereof the Spirit (Christ)
hath declared. Verily, I bear witness for
him as he was indeed a witness for me;
verily he said: "Come, that I may make
you. fishers of men," and today we say,
"Come, that we may make you vivifiers
of the world." Thus was the decree
ordained in a Tablet written by the Pen
of Command.
(Words of Baha'o'llah: Extract
from Tablet revealed for the Pope.)
The promised one hath appeared i11
this exalted station, whereat smiled the
mouths of existence--of both the seen
and the unseen. people! Avail your-
selves of the day of God; verily, to meet
him is indeed better unto you than that
upon which the sun riseth, were ye of
those who know!
(Words of Baha'o'llah: Extract from
Tablet revealed for the United States.)
We have commanded you to purify
your hearts from the love and detesta-
tion of those who are upon the earth, lest
anything will prevent you from one di-
rection and enforce you to another,-
and this is of my greatest advice unto
you in a perspicuous Tablet. who
adhereth to either the one or the other,
verily he cannot know the command as it
is,--unto this will bear witness every
just and informed one. Ye have forgot-
ten the promise of God, and violated his
Covenant in such a manner that ye turn-
ed away from the one by whose appear-
anoe the eyes of the Unitarians were
consoled. Purify your sight from the
hidden and the veiled, than look to the
evidences of the prophets and messengers,
that ye may know the matter of God in
these days wherein the promised one
hath come with great sovereignty.
(Words of Baha'o'llah: Sara-t'ul
Hykl, p. 58.)

