STAR OF THE WEST 191
fighting without kith and kin with cruel ferocity and elemental Each,
impelled by the instinct of self-preservation fought the fight to the finish,
trampled on the strewn bodies of others, but none or only very few survived
the beastly struggle to relate the gruesome tale. Hunger and need forced thou-
sands of chaste, lovely, pure girls--girls who were destined to be the future
mothers of the the degrading walks of prostitution, selling their
honor for a few pence--thus for a time keeping the wolf away from the door.
The awful increase in the number of prostitutes, brought down the edifice of
morality, shame was banished, vice and corruption were enthroned and God
totally forgotten.
Thousands of boys and girls who were as pure and beautiful as the young
dawn a year ago, were now afflicted with horrible diseases, while the lack of
proper nourishment, ignorance and inattention, undermined their power of
resistance and carried hosts of them to an early grave. These contagious and
communicable diseases became so prevalent that the intelligent members of the
various communities took alarm and notwithstanding the severe censorship of
the press, the editors wrote long articles, plainly stating that the future life of
the nation was in jeopardy and the spring of the vitality of the race was being
rapidly poisoned. These amazing revelations goaded the sluggish Government to
open a few clinics and treat these unfortunate creatures free of charge.
With the transfer of the scene of war from the Dardanelles to Syria, the
Turkish government subjected the already impoverished and depleted inhabi-
tants to unbearable sufferings, exacting from them fines, requisitions and exorbi-
tant taxes. Everything was taken away from them, horses, cows, camels, don-
keys, sheep, even their household furniture, such as copper and brass vases and
caldrons, iron railings, mattresses, clothing, wood and fencing wires. In fact,
the majority of the shops and houses were swept clean of everythingbrief, the past four years were unparalleled years of sufferings and
hardships for the people of Syria and Palestine, and it will take a- long time to
remove the harsh traces of Turkish oppression, nevertheless all the people are
nearly unanimous in their opinion that the chapter of lawlessness and retrogres-
sion in the Holy Land is forever closed and with the coming of the English the
reign of law and the era of education and progress is inaugurated. The flag of
England is hailed as the symbol of justice and equal opportunity for all. The
Jews, the Christians and the Mohammedans wish England to remain here as
their teacher and educator; so that they may be led by a process of evolution
to the higher altitude of modern civilization, introducing new and practical
methods of intensive farming and agriculture, establishing industrial plants,
building railroads, founding public schools and technical institutions, developing
the rich and hidden natural resources of the country and paving the way for
the ultimate liberation of the soul from the narrow bounds of racial, religious
and national prejudices.
For ages this sacred land of Palestine has been a battleground for the
nations of the East and West. Here they fought their battles which decided
the fate of the nations lying far to the North and to the South. The last gov-
ernment that controlled the political life of this country for over 500 years
contributed not a blessed thing toward its internal improvements. Now there is
a general feeling amongst all the classes of Palestine that all these destructive
wars and deteriorating influences must be given up for good; so that under the
equitable and just administration of Great Britain the people may advance

