STAR OF THE WEST 103
CHRISTENING OR NAMING A
BABE.
When thou Wishest to name a babe,
prepare a meeting therefor; chant the
verses and communes, and supplica-to
and implore the Threshold of Oneness
and beg the attainment of guidance for
the babe and wish confirmed firmness
and constancy; then give the name and
enjoy beverage and sweetmeats. This is
spiritual baptism.
(Tablets of Abdul-Baha, Vol. 1, p.
49.)
Question: "Should we baptize in-
fants?"
Abdul-Baha answered: "The people
have not understood the meaning of
baptism. In one place in the Gospels
it is commanded that one must be bap-
tized by Water and spirit, and also by
fire, and from these commands we can
understand that the meaning is spir-
itual and not material. The baptism
of Christians as practiced today is 11ot
the teachings of Christ! The Christians
in the beginning used to baptize as a
symbol of the purification of the spirit.
"\7Vhen the time drew near for the
Manifestation of Christ, John the Bap-
tist appeared and called the people to
repentance, and when they repented
they were baptized as a symbol that
their hearts were purified and ready to
accept the truth and teachings which
would soon appear, for John was de-
claring the coming of Jesus. But these
people were not children; they were men
and Women. And Jesus himself was
baptized by John, but he was thirty
years old when he was baptized.
After he was baptized he said: 'John
has baptized you With Water, but I
shall baptize you with the Spirit!'
Water symbolizes the knowledge of God
which gives eternal life, because all
forms of life had their beginning in the
Water. Fire is the symbol of love, and
the baptism by fire means the love of
God Which descends in the hearts that
are turned unto him! Now as fire is
used to symbolize love, be sure that
Water is used also as a. symbol, for
would it be possible for one to be put
into the fire as one is put into the water
for baptism? Many who have not
understood What Christ meant by bap-
tism think if a child dies without pass-
ing through this ceremony its soul is
lost! But this is not true, for the child
has not sinned and goes from this World
quite free from faults and defects! And
oftimes baptism of infants is attended
by great danger to the child.
"One time I was invited in this very
house to Witness the baptism of a baby
who was Very young. They had put
olive oil in the Water and when they
put the child into it, it shrieked and
struggled, swallowing some of the oil
and Water, after which it, together with
the shock to the nervous system, caused
the child to be very ill, and it died.
These are ceremonies which have a
spiritual meaning but no spiritual effect
upon the soul!"
(To Mrs. L. M.  April 18, 1904.)
Words of Abdul-Baha regarding the importance of Prayer
The sweetest thing in this World is
to obey strictly the commands of God
and shun His prohibitions. Through
this the attractions of the love of God
Will be created in human consciousness.
. . . For example, there is nothing
sweeter in the World of existence than
prayer. Mali must live in a state of
prayerfulness. The most blessed con-
dition is the condition of prayer and
supplication. Prayer is "conversation
with God." The greatest attainment or
the sweetest state is no other than "con-
versation With God." It creates spirit-
uality, generates mindfulness and celes-
tial feelings, begets the attraction of

