STAR OF THE VVEST 69
So shall We not enter into this blessed
flame of the love of God at this moment,
and do his will?"
Dr. Bagdadi: "What more can I add
to Mr. Lunt's remarks? VVhatever you
do under the roofs will be proclaimed
from the house tops. That is a law, The
Whole World is looking towards America
and towards this One
Mashrekol-azkar is to be built. It is
the men of God, Abdul-Baha said, who
will build the temple, the souls who are
confirmed by God. All of you are con-
firmed; all of you are firm and stead-
fast believers; otherwise We would not be
here.
"The time has come for the separation
of violation from firmness. There is no
doubt about the sincerity and firmness
in this Cause of God on the part of all
those who are here. If you become mem-
bers of the Board, it means one, and if
one becomes the Board it means all. You
are all in one, and one in all. This one-
ness lasts as long as that fire of the love
of Abdul-Baha is burning in the heart;
and the main issue, the main thing,
Which is firmness in the Covenant, is the
greatest qualification i11 all elections of
committees.
"Abdul-Baha Wants us to look in our
hearts at this moment and see how We
stand, and each one will be the cause
of making others who are firm firmer.
This is in obedience to Abdul-Baha, and
I a1n going to do as We all must, think
of that in this election. So far, my dear
friends, We must not think of it as if he
were my friend or my sweetheart, or my
old friend, or my assoc-iate--the time has
come when We are on a plane higher than
that. To show that this Cause is the
Cause of God, the Bab gave his life;
Baha'o'llah spent his life in agony;
Abdul-Baha has lived in prison; 24,000
or more gave their lives. We are to serve
such a Cause. 'Who is going to be my
friend, my wife, my child, when I look
at the sacrifices that have taken place?
W'ill it not be a shame, more than a
shame, to put any name on this paper be-
fore I in my heart a11d soul hear Abdul-
Baha say to me, 'Well done.' Because I
am going to face him; you are going to
face him sooner or later. We are facing
him now i11 the spirit. He is Watching
and counting all these things we are do-
ing now. What can I say more than
these Words of his, those who are to be
elected must be well known Bahais; they
must be known for their firmness in the
Covenant. Can I make a statement
stronger than that? Is it possible? L-et
us begin."
The Chairman thereupon named Hrs.
Barbee, Mr. Scheifler, and Dr. 'Et-'elyn
as a committee to distribute, collect and
count ballots.
The delegates were brought together
into the center section and the roll call
of delegates and alternates was read.
'Nliile the ballots were being counted
the Chairman called for the report of the
Auditing Committee.
Mr. Struven reported for the Auditing
Committee that they had gone over the
books and found them correct. The
committee recommended that in the fu-
ture since the Work has grown so large,
arrangements be made to have regular
certified public accountants do this
work, because it takes so much time of
the Auditing Committee and keeps them
from sharing in the bounties of the Con-
Ii; ltligllt p1?0p61', of {3ou1*5g_
in the Wisdom of the Convention to have
some one or two of the friends go over
the affairs after the regular official aud-
itors, so that vve may understand the
books and have the matter fully ex-
plained to them.
On motion of Mr. Ober duly seconded
the report of the Auditing Committee
was accepted.
On motion of Mrs. Breed seconded by
Mr. Ober it was voted that an expert
accountant be engaged another year to
take care of the books.
The Chairman called attention to the
fact that whereas the temporary orga11-
ization had listened to the reports of the

