STAR OF THE WEST 49
has said that it is by deeds. The great
thing that will be remembered regard-
ing the work of the Temple Unity and
of the Executive Board is that it was
obedient to the exhortations of Abdul-
Baha, and that it really accomplished
that which it undertook, under the sug-
gestions and under the commands of
Abdul-Baha.
"It is not impossible to conceive that
before this Convention goes, before We
separate within the next two days, we
will be in a position to send word to
Abdul-Baha, by messenger or by cable
to Egypt, or by any way that is in the
wisdom of the Convention to decide, that
we are prepared now for his next com-
mand.
"Down underneath, in the midst of all
the difficulties and trials which have be-
set the Cause, the yearning and longing
of the sincere hearts of the members
of the Executive Board have been to
obey this exhortation and to serve this
wonderful command.
"In the meetings which have been
held in Chicago, in Boston, and in New
York, the discussions and considerations
were all revolving around this great cen-
tral point. Shall we not arise and make
this the great final effort? Shall not the
wave of the love of God, shall not the
wave of the obedience of the believers
to the commands of God submerge this
Convention so that we make a lasting,
great sacrifice"? From the treasurer, from
the financial secretary, and from the
treasurer of the building fund commit-
tee, we certainly have had reports that
are most stimulating and most wonder-
ful. It makes that goal so alluring and
seem so near. So we need to come to-
gether and make up our minds that in
this Convention, before it comes to an
end, we shall enter upon a period of
sacrifice that shall" make the remaining
pathway shorter. It depends upon our
obedience to Abdul-Baha, upon the ex-
istence of the wonderful spiritual unity
which comes alone from Abdul-Baha. _It
will come from our consciousness of the
actual presence of Abdul-Baha in our
midst, in these our deliberations and in
our inspirational efforts, and in the
steps that we take in accordance with
the confirmations of the Holy Spirit."
Mrs. Coles: "Directly to the question,
and directly to the statement of Mr.
Ober, I want to speak about the radiant
possibility of achievement. I stand here
as one of the little group that in the early
convention put 95 cents into the building
fund. I remember so well how we went
to Mrs. True and gave her 95 cents, one
by one, and put it in her hand with
faith, with love, with trust, with con-
fidence and with absolute assurance that
the prayer that went with that 95 cents
put into Mrs. True 's hands was the seed
planted that would bring about this
great growth. And t0- think that the
$200,000 goal is so near, and that we so
soon may be able to cable to Abdul-Baha
that we have fulfilled his requirements
thought makes for so much greater
dynamic power, that we seem to see that
temple built. (Applause)
Mr. Hall: There was one more thing
that I wanted to report. There is a $500
note that is due May 1 and is good."
Chairman Dr. D'Evelyn then called
for reports from some of the delegates.
Miss Agnes Alexander spoke for Japan,
Mrs. Rice-Wray spoke for Detroit, Mrs.
Kibby for Cleveland and Dr. Bagdadi
for Chicago.
Chairman Dr. D'Evelyn: "The secre-
tary has an announcement to make."
Mr. Ober: "This is an announcement
from the convention committee. The
Committee on Convention has arranged
for the holding of this afternoon's ses-
sion at 5338 Kenmore Avenue, that is, at
Mrs. True's home, when important ques-
tions Will be taken up. The Tuesday
sessions will be held in this hall unless
otherwise ordered by the Convention."
Thereupon -after the reading of the
prayer by the Chairman the Convention
adjourned until 2:30 o'clock P. M. of
the same day to meet at Mrs. True 's res-
idence, 5838 Kenmore Ave., Chicago.

