STAR OF THE VVEST 15
whom the lips of all that Was and is
have smiled (With gladness). He (the
Bab) hath said, and his saying is truth:
have indeed Written an essence of his
description, and it is this: "He cannot
be indicated by my allusions, nor by all
that is mentioned in The cyan' 
In this day a great banquet is cele-
brated in the Supreme Concourse; for
all that Was promised in the divine
books has appeared. This is the day of
the most great rejoicing! All must di-
rect themselves to the Court of Nearness
with the utmost joy, happiness, exulta-
tion and gladness, and deliver themselves
from the fire of remoteness.
people of Teheran! Take ye the
cups of knowledge through the power
of my greatest Name; then drink there-
from, in spite of the people of the World
Who have violated the Covenant of God
and his Testament, denied his proof and
argument, and disputed his signs which
have encompassed all in the heaven and
earth . . . . The Cause is manifest
and clear as the sun; but the people
have become as veils to themselves.
(Words of Baha'o'llah: Words of
Pa,radrise_; pp. 64-66.)
I have been preceded in this very
thing by Mohammed, the Messenger of
God, and before him by the Spirit
(Ohrist), and before him by the Inter-
locutor (Moses)
(VVords of Baha'o'llah: Extract from
Tablet revealed for Napoleon 
(Thou art he) Who hath promised all
in the earth, in thy books, epistles and
scriptures, concerning the manifestation
of thyself and the removal of the veils
of glory from thy face. This thou didst
reveal unto thy beloved one (Moham-
med) by whom the orb of the command
dawned from the horizon of Hijaz and
the light of truth dawned among thy
servants, in thy Words, "The day Where-
on mankind shall arise before the Lord
of the creatures." (Koran). And before
him Mohammed), thou didst
announce this unto the Interlocutor
(Moses) to "lead forth thy people from
darkness into light and to remind them
of the days of God." (Koran). And,
again, thou didst speak of this (day)
unto the Spirit (Christ) and unto all
thy former and latter prophets and mes-
sengers. Were there to proceed from
the treasuries of thy Supreme Pen all
that thou hast revealed in the mention
of this most great remembrance and this
thy mighty message, all the denizens of
the city of knowledge and Wisdom
would be stunned, except Whomsoever
thou hast delivered through thy potency
and protected through thy bounty and
grace.
I testify that verily thou hast fulfilled
thy Covenant and sent forth him Whose
manifestation Was announced by thy
prophets, thy chosen ones and thy serv-
ants. Verily, he hath come from the
horizon of might and power with the
banners of thy signs (verses) and with
the standards of thy evidences, and he
hath arisen before the faces through thy
power and potency and summoned all
men unto the exalted apex and supreme
horizon in such Wise that the injustice
of" the learned and the majesty of
princes have not Withheld him. He hath
arisen in the most mighty steadfastness
and spoken in the loftiest voice (saying),
"The Giver of gifts hath indeed come,
riding on the cloud; advance, ye
people of the earth, with shining faces
and illumined hearts!" Blessed is 
soever attains to thy meeting, drinks the
choice Wine of unio-n from the hands of
thy bestowal, discovers the fragrance of
thy verses, speaks in thy praise, soars
in thy atmosphere and is overcome by
the attraction of thy utterance, and
Whom thou ha.st caused to enter thy su-
preme pa.radise--the station of revela-
tion a.nd vision~before the throne of thy
grandeur!
("Words of Baha'o'llah: Tablet of
Ishmlaat, pp. 19-21.)
-ii

