10 STAR OF THE WEST
"Baha'o'llah is the Promised One expected by all nations"
(Continued from page 
parts of the World entering under the
shade of his sa.cred tree by cohort and
cohort, accepting his teachings, and re-
ceiving a share from the table of his sus-
tenance."
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Extract from
Diary of Mirza Sohrab, October 13, 1914.
Thousands of souls, including the great
divines and Pharisees among the Jews,
were awaiting the Manifes-tatio-n of
Christ, lamenting and Weeping and sup-
plicating that the Messiah should soon
appear. But when his holiness, Christ,
came with a beautiful face and sweet
utterance and dawned from the day-
spring of the contingent world like unto
the shining sun, all those souls who
awaited him rejected him, became afflic-
ted with the sleep of heedlessness, did
not wake up by the voice of Christ nor
did they gain consciousness. Now again
the same is the case in the Manifestation
of Baha'o'llah.
(T of Abdul-Ba-ha, p. 688.)
The various religious systems are
coming closer together. Baha'o'llah
stands at the meeting of their ways
to God. In him the Mohammedans are
going forward to meet their promised
Imam Mahdi, the Christians to meet
Christ, the Jews their Messiah, and so
on. When they meet Baha'o'llah they
meet each other as at the top of a
mountain. There they find unity because
there they find him. There is the Widest
view, the heavenly horizon. No one but
a Manifestation of God can unify the
religious systems of the world. No law,
no War, no power of kings could do this.
The Kingdom is a real visible Kingdom,
a real unity. This cannot be attained
from books. It comes from the heart.
(Words spoken while in the presence
of Abdul-Baha: Ten Days in the Light
of Acca, p. 75.)
This is that whereof the Spirit
(Christ) gave you tidings when he
brought the truth.
(Words of Bal1a'o'1lah: From Tablet
revealed for Napoleon 
Say: concourse of the Son (Chris-
tians) are ye hidden from myself because
of my name? What maketh ye to doubt'?
Ye have called for your Lord, the Self-
dependent, night and day and When he
hath come from the heaven of Preexist-
ence, in his greatest glory, ye have not
approached him, and are of the heedless.
Then consider those who turned away
from the Spirit (Christ) when he came
to them with manifest power. How
many of the Pharisees were abiding in
the temples in his name, and were en-
treating because of his separation! But
when the gate of union was opened, and
the light shone forth from the day-spring
of beauty, they disbelieved in God, the
Exalted, the Great, and did not
attain to his having
been promised thereunto in the book of
Isaiah, as Well as in the books of the
prophets and the apostles.
Say: Surely the Father hath come,
a.nd hath fulfilled that whereunto you
were promised in the Kingdom of God.
This is the Word the Son veiled when
he said to those around him, that at that
time they could not bear it; but when
the stated time was ended and the
hour arrived, the Word shone forth from
the horizon of the will. . . . .
Say: Verily he beareth witness to me,
and I bear witness to him; verily he
desired naught but my person, where-
unto bear witness all those just ones who
know. . . . .
Say unto the priest that the Chief
hath surely come! . . . .Verily the
Spirit o-f Truth hath come to guide you
into all truth. Verily he speaketh not
unto you from himself; nay, but rather
from before the All-knowing, the 'Wise.

