14 STAR OF
ever was therein revolved around that
which he said at the period of his later
manifestation. The quintessence of this
chapter is this, that the gaze of The
Beg/an is not extended save towards
Him-whom-God-shall-manifest, for none
but he that raised or doth raise it up,
even as none but he hath sent or doth
send it down. And The eyan and such as
are believers therein yearn more after
him than the yearning of any lover after
his beloved." 348.)
"Though the ocean of woe rageth on
every side, and the bolts of fate follow
in quick succession, and the darkness
of griefs and afilictions invade soul and
body, yet is my heart brightened by the
remembrance of thy countenance and
my soul is as a rose-garden from the
perfume of thy nature." 18.)
(Words of the Bab: Quoted from A
TraveZZer's Narrative, pages indicated.
Prof. E. G. Browne, author, Cambridge,
Press, publishers.)
In this day the verses of the "Mother-
Book" are shining and beaming like
unto the sun, and cannot be confounded
with former and latter words. Verily,
this wronged one doth not desire to
prove his Cause through that which has
appeared from others. He (God) is the
All-comprehending, and all else save
him is comprehended (in him). Say,
people! Read what ye possess, and
we will read what we possess. By the
life of God! Neither the words of all
the creatures, nor that which all nations
possess, is worthy of mention before
(our) utterance. Whereunto testifies
the one who hath spoken in all grades.
Verily, he is God, the King of the day
of judgment, and the Lord of the great
throne! . . . .
The station of this matter is far above
the station of what hath appeared and
what may appear. In this day were the
Point of El-Beyan (the Bab-) toybe pres-
ent, and were he--God forbid delay
in acknowledging (this Cause), he would
himself be judged by the blessed Word
THE WEST
which hath descended from the dawning-
place of The Beya/n>> of His Holiness. He
hath said and his saying is truth: He-
whom-God-shall-manifest' hath the right
to reject even one who is highest upon
the earth!" . . . .
The "Mother-Book" is indeed re-
vealed, and the munificent one is in the
"honorable station." The "Dawn"
(refers to the prophecy in the Koran
concerning the new day; i. this Mani-
festation) hath indeed risen, and the
people understand not. The "verses"
have indeed come, and their revealer is
in manifest sadness. . . . .
Ye have deprived yourselves of the
sea of divine verses for a single drop,
and ye have withheld yourselves from
the splendors of the light of the Sun of
Truth for a single mote. Who but
Baha' had the power to speak before all
the world? Be just, and be not of those
who oppress. Through him (Baha')
seas have moved, mysteries appeared,
and trees have uttered: "Verily the
Kingdom and the world belong
to God, the revealer of signs (or verses),
the day-spring of manifest proofs!"
Consider the Persian Beg/cm of his
holiness, the Precursor, and look into
it with the of justice. Verily, he
will guide you into the path. He utters
in this moment that which his tongue
hath formerly uttered when he was
established on the throne of his Name,
the Most Great.
(Words of Baha'o'1lah: Words of
Paradise, pp. 60-63.)
Verily, we turn our face toward the
servants of God in that place, and we
exhort them in the beginning of our
speech (to observe) what the Point of
El-Beyan hath revealed concerning this
Manifestation whereby the nerves of
names have quivered with fear, the idols
of superstitions have fallen, and the
Tongue of Grandeur hath uttered from
his Supreme Horizon (saying): "In
truth, the hidden treasury, the concealed
mystery hath indeed appeared: he, at

