88 STAR OF
that she did not want her son to be
away from her, that he was the apple
of her eye. Realizing how selfish her
love was for her son I told her at last
that I would not take him away; that
he must stay with the carpenter for
eight years until his apprenticeship was
over. Well, she yielded to the inexor-
able situation. After eight years of
study he left his master, and his mother
was very proud of him, everywhere
praising his industry because his work
was demanded on every hand. In short,
the mothers must not think of them-
selves but of the progress of their chil-
dren because upon the children of today
--whether boys or the
molding of the civilization o-f tomorrow.
(Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Sept.
2, 1913.)

Regarding the education of those two
daughters . . . . and . . . . If thou
givest true Bahai education to those two
young trees in the garden of Abha know
thou of a certainty that the highest
glory, prosperity and success will become
ready and prepared for them. This is
the cause of everlasting honor.
(Excerpt from tablet to Miss J. M.,
Sept. 13, 1913.)
Let thy brother be trained according
to the highest moral standard. In the
tenderest years of their youth the pure
hearts of boys and girls must be illum-
ined with the light of the love of God.
Then when they grow up most astonish-
ing results will be produced because the
map of their whole lives will be drawn
with the hand of the spiritual educator.
A Bahai child must be trained accord-
ing to the moral precepts of Baha'o'-
llah, he must be taught daily of the
love of God; the history of the Move-
ment must be read to him, the love of
THE WEST
humanity must be inculcated into every
fiber of his being and the universal prin-
ciples be explained to him in as easy a
manner as can be devised. Then the
power of great faith will take posses-
sion of his heart. But if these supreme
precautions are not taken in the earliest
stages of the child's growth, it will be
most difficult to curb later on his grow-
ing manifest appetites. For then he
will live according to the requirements
of the world of nature and uncontrolled
self. Once the lower and sensual habits
of nature take hold of him it will be
very hard to reform him by any human
agencies: Hence children must be
brought under the control of the love of
God and under spiritual influence from
their earliest youth. The lower appe-
tites of nature are like kings over man;
one must defeat their forces; otherwise
he will be defeated by them.
(Star of the West, Vol. 7, No. 15,
p. 142.)
DUTY TOWARDS ORPHANS
thou happy and blessed one! In
this holy Gause the question of the edu-
cation and the maintenance of the or-
phans has the utmost importance. To-
wards the orphans the utmost considera-
tion must be shown. They must be
taught and instructed; especially the
teachings of his holiness Baha'o 'l1ah
must be given freely to every orphan
according to the means at hand. I beg
of God that to the orphaned children
thou mayst become a kind father and
mother, to quicken them with the frag-
rances of the Holy Spirit; thus they
may attain to the age of maturity and
each one may become the real servant
of the world of humanity, nay rather
they may become as bright candles in
the assemblages of mankind.
(Star of the West, Vol. 7, No. 13,
p. 122.)
(Continued on page 89)

