STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINE TEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, thepoitrpifice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 1879.
Editorial R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary AHMAD SOHRAB
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add sufiicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS con!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the St_ar of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldsi: thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the.sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Asnss.
Vol. IX iliiahmat 1, 24~, 1918) ,N7o. 6
First Meeting oi New Board of Bahai Temple Unity
Held at the Auditorium Hotel, Chicago, April 30th, 1918
ONE of the greatest evidences of the
unity and love of the Convention,
was found in the first meeting of the
Executive Board, which was held in the
evening of April 80th, immediately after
the Convention. The members of the
Board gathered and began the meeting
with prayer and chanting, which was
followed by an indescribable quiet and
peace. No one spoke, for it seemed that
the doors of the Rizwan had opened,
and the breath of the holy Abha spirit
had encircled all. We found infinite rest
and wonderful consolation beyond the
capacity of words to describe.
It may have been a moment or many
minutes, we could not tell, but with
hearts overflowing we turned to each
other, and from all lips came the words:
"this is unity," "this is the mystery
of unity."
In one of the first tablets revealed by
Abdul-Baha, regarding the Mashrekol-
azkar, are the following words, "Who-
soever arises for the service of this build-
ing shall be assisted with great power
from his supreme Kingdom and upon
him spiritual and heavenly blessings
shall descend, which shall fill his heart
with wonderful consolation and enlighten
his eyes by beholding the glo-rious and
eternal God."
We Were aware that we had received
a wonderful bounty from Abdul-Baha,
through his mercy and love.
Had it not been for the actual, legal
necessities, the Board would not have or-
ganized. One spirit enthralled and con-
trolled all, like a living, breathing or-
ganism. The existence of this spirit was
and is essential, while all other mat-
ters were and are incidental.
The following officcrs were chosen:
Charles Mason Remey,
Washington, D. C.
May Maxwell,
Montreal, Canada.
SECRETARY--MT. Harlan Foster Ober,
Cambridge, Mass.
FINANCIAL Corinne
True, Chicago, Ill,
William H. Randall,
Bioston, Mass.
Harlan Foster Ober.

