STAR OF THE WEST 225
and her husband were pioneer teachers
of the heavenly Cause in America. In
early days their homewas a center of
radiance in Chicago where many 'first
heard the divine proclamation in its
majesty and splendor. Mr. Albert
Windust told at Mrs. Dealy's radiant
funeral how, one ever-memorable even-
ing, he heard at their home that the
promised Prince of Peace had come "in
His glory," and how he went home
scarcely knowing whether he was walk-
ing on earth or not. There kept ringing
through his mind the thrilling new
meanings the Dealys had given to the
old prophetic verse: "Unto us a child
is born, unto us a son is given: and
his name shall be called Wonderful,
Counsellor, The Mighty God, The ever-
lasting Father, The Prince of Peace."
Mrs. Dealy became blind a number of
years ago. When she met Abdul-Baha
in America in 1912 he asked her what
he could do for her. She said, "Oh,
that I might receive my sight." The
Master answered, "Your physical or
spiritual sight? You can 't have both."
She replied: "My spiritual sight." In
that one, momentous choice she revealed
the heavenly desires which the Bahai
teaching had brought to birth in her
soul. Abdul-Baha told her the rest of
her life she would see visions of the
Kingdom and live ever in the unseen
light. And she says it Was true.
In one vision Abdul-Baha appeared
at her door and ofiered her a basket.
She ran forward, thinking to find it full
of flowers. When she received it, be-
hold it was full of stones. Abdul-Baha
seeing her crestfallen face said: "Open
one of the stones." She obeyed and lo,
out of the opened stone there arose a
ruby cup on which was engraved in let-
ters of light the Greatest Name. "Drink
the cup," the loving Master said; and
then the vision vanished;
In that vision was revealed the his-
tory of her later life. She expected
the Master to give her a basket of roses.
He in his love gave her a basket of
stones, the stones of blindness, loneliness,
poverty and sorrow. But when she open-
ed the stony grief, lo, it contained a cup
as beautiful as the Holy Grail. And when
she drank that cup in the Greatest Name
of God, lo, "it was overflowing with the
water of life-eternal. Drinking from
that cup of calamity she drank from a
river of light. Her blindness endured
for a day. That cup has given her a
spiritual sight, we may believe, which
will behold and proclaim the Glory of
God through all the ages of eternal life.
A. R. V.
LUCELIA E. BARNES
Lucelia E. Barnes, a Bahai, passed
to the divine world on September 5,
1918, age 88 years. My mother had
reached her fruitage, through the divine
Will and Glory of God.
Emma G. Fowler.
Mt. Vernon, New York.
ERWIN HARRIS
Son of Hooper and Gertrude Harris
ewsp-ap-er clipping 
Corp. Erwin I-Iarris, of 157 VV. 103d
St., New York City, made the supreme
sacrifice on October 7, 1918. Harris,
who was 18, enlisted in the old 7th Regt.
two years ago and saw service at the
border. 
Last May he left Spartansbufrg to
go overseas with Co. D, of the 107th
Inf. Last October he led his squad
"over the top" in what is known as a
"combat group." Harris had traveled
some 1,000 yards when he was brought
down by a machine gun.
He was sent to a base hospital in
France sufiering from wounds in the
leg and back. He wrote his last letter
from there on October 4th, but was re-

