106 STAR OF
my wife and my belongings. God will-
ing, a day cometh when I may sacrifice
my life in the path of God!' When he
reached Acca it was at a time when no
one was allowed to enter the forts.
When I heard this I managed to get him
into the barracks. After one month I
sent him to Haifa. He dwelt in this cave.
He became a peddler in the daytime and
in the nights he used to chant with at-
tractive and indescribable sincerity the
verses which the Blessed Beauty
had sent to him."
In the afternoon of the same day
Abdul-Baha gave the following utter-
ances to the friends who gathered in his
home:
"It is the duty of all the friends to
help the families of the They
have become flesh of my flesh because the
have sacrificed their lives for
me. Whosoever renders a service to the
families of the is serving the
Blessed Beauty. Whosoever supports
them is supporting the Blessed Beauty.
Whosoever becomes a self-sacrifice in
their behalf is a self-sacrifice in the
path of the Beauty of Abha. The great
or the sacrifice of life is like
unto a mirror and when turned toward
the sun, the temple and the body of the
mirror become utterly effaced; that is,
the efface themselves in the love
of God to such an extent that the bodies
and mirrors no longer exist. They be-
come the rays of the sun. Therefore,
everything that is related or belongs to
them belongs to God. Whosoever serves
them serves God. Whosoever loves them,
verily, he loves God. It is not a joke-
when the time of test comes, for then the
truth becomes known. Justice must be
given. If a thorn enters our hand, we
cry and become restless. If our head
aches we become restless. But the
sharp sword takes away one 's life. The
have tasted the sweetness of that
cup. That is why His Holiness, the Mes-
senger (Mohammed) said, 'The 
have stations that prophets are envious
of.' Thus His Holiness the Supreme
THE WEST
(the my soul be a ransom
to addressing the Blessed
Beauty, in his book titled Ahsam-el-Kea
sas (The Best of all the Stories), said,
our great Lord! verily, everything in
me I sacrifice to Thee and I desire only
to be killed in Thy path.' To whom do
these addresses in the Altsan-cl-Kessas
refer? Undoubtedly to the One-Whonv
God-Shall-Manifest, that is His Holiness
and not t_o Mirza Yahya
(Ezel). They used to attribute these
references, before the declaration of the
Manifestation to an imaginary person.
Afterwards it became evident that the
person was existing. But before investi-
gation they believed that those references
meant the Kayem himself, yet the Bab
was the Kayem (Forerunner). There-
fore, from these references, it becomes
evident that the One-Whom-God-Shalb
Manifest was existing. He (the Bab)
says, moreover, 'By God, the Truth! I
am an hooriet (girl of paradise) born
from El-Bahia, in a place of the red ruby,
and by all those who are in heaven, I
yearn for the soul that is killed in the
path of God.' 
Afterwards, Abdul-Baha showed infi-
nite kindness to Enayet'o'llah Khan, the
son of Mullah Esmail, the martyr. Then
he ordered the friends to be served with
fruits and preserves. One of the Zoroas-
terian Bahais was present at that time
and Abdul-Baha said the following to
him about another believer: "Indeed,
Mullah Bahram (a Zoroasterian Bahai)
is a blessed being. He is active in the
Cause of God and is never still. The
station of such souls "is not known now,
but it will become evident in the future.
During the first century of the holy
Manifestations the beginning of the reve-
lation is like the day, because the Sun
of Reality is shining upon all the hori-
zons, the stars are invisible. But in the
second century, the station and the de-
gree of the sincere ones will become evi-
dent. Their lights will become manifest
and bright like unto the shining stars.
The stations of the apostles of His Holi-

