 STAR or
the Kingdom and engenders the suscep-
tibilities of the higher intelligence. The
highest attribute given to His Holiness
Moses is the following verse: "God car-
ried on a conversation with Moses."
What is prayer? It is "conversation
with God." While man prays he sees
himself in the presence of God. If he
concentrates his attention he will surely
at the time of prayer realize that he is
"conversing with God." Often at night
I do not sleep, and the thoughts of this
world weigh heavily on my mind. I
toss uneasily in my bed. Then in the
darkness of the night I get up and
with God." It is most
sweet and uplifting. Prayer and sup-
plication are so effective as to inspire
one's heart for the whole day with high
ideals and supreme serenity and calm-
ness. One's heart must be sensitive to
the music of prayer. He must feel the
effect of prayer. He must not be like
an organ from which softest notes
stream forth without having conscious-
ness of sensation in itself.
(Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
March 15, 1914.)
 
Mount Carmel is enveloped with the
white mantle of spirituality. Its atmos-
phere is permeated with an indescrib-
able peace and tranquillity. During
these matchless moonlight nights, one 's
heart becomes tender and the mind wist-
ful and meditative, pensive and musing.
It is as though the trees, the brooks, the
rocks, the sea, the grass, the stars hold
communion with man and whisper into
his ears the secrets of nature. It was
mainly owing to this reason that the
ancient prophets of God lived in the
grottoes and caves of this mountain so
that they might spend their time in quiet
meditation. The divine, holy prophets
have two stations. The first is the sta-
THE WEST
tion of "abstraction." This is the sta-
tion wherein they communicate with
God, receive the graces of the Holy
Spirit and b-ecome intimate with the
fragrances of holiness. The second sta-
tion is the station of plurality." In
this station they occupy themselves with
the education of mankind. They have,
as a result, to bear the enmity, persecu-
tion and calumny of the people. On
account of their pride, haughtiness and
conceit the people assail these divine
temples of Truth; notwithstanding this
they bring forward proofs and argu-
ments, instruct them through the
heavenly advices and exhortations and
little by little cause them to ascend to
the lofty height of beatific purity. This
work is most exacting and difficult, yet
they do not murmur. But the world of
"abstraction" in which they quaff the
chalice of immortality, is very pleasant
and spiritual. It is a super-individual
experience, commonly shared by all the
elect of God. It is the light of the
spirit and the spirit of the world. Its
sweet delicacy is enjoyed by every class.
For this reason, whenever the prophets
of old desired to commune with God
and enter the realm of "abstraction,"
they came to this holy mountain and
prayed during the day and the night,
thus strengthening in this manner the
basis of their inspiration.
(Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Sept.
6, 1914.)
Beg everything thou desirest from
Baha'o'llah. If thou art asking faith,
ask of Him. If thou art yearning after
knowledge, He will grant it unto thee.
If thou art longing for the love of God,
He will bestow it upon thee. He will
descend upon thee all His Blessings.
(Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, May
9, 1914.)
(Continued on page 113)

