STAR OF THE WEST 227
guess by this time you have read what
we did. However, I did not do as much
as I thought I Would, as a machine gun
got me in both my legs and in my back;
each wound is marked slight; and I feel
fine. Of course, I am not running around
playing tag but I feel as though I could.
I am at present in a hospital in France
but I will soon leave here for England.
I am well taken care of and want for
nothing. I hope you will be able to read
this poor writing . . . .
Tell Papa this: When we went over
the top we we11t over in what they now
call "line of combat groups", which is
the same as our old squad column which,
as he will remember, was the Corporal
in the lead and the rest of his squad in
single file behind him. We followed very
close to our barrage. When I was hit
we had gone about te11 hundred yards.
You will read more in the paper than
I can tell you, so I will close.
I/Vith love to all,
Erwin.
Letter from Matron of the Hospital:
N0. 3, Vllar Hospital Wilson Road,
Reading, Berkshire, England,
Oct. 8, 1918.
Dear Mrs. Harris:
Your dear son, Erwin Harris, died i11
this Hospital at 1 :50 p. m. today.
I think this news will have reached
you by telegram before you get my letter,
but naturally you will want to know all
I can tell you of his illness and death.
He was admitted with the men who
came on Sunday last (Octf 6th) in a
convoy of wounded from France. He
seemed the most ill of them all, was
wounded in both legs and had a great
deal of pain in the left knee. It was at
once attended to by the Medical Ofiicer,
but the laddie's temperature was 105?,
the knee swollen and very painful so
after consultation_with the senior sur-
geon it was decided to have him under
an anaesthetic that same evening and
open the swelling. This was done and a
good deal of pus which had collected
in the joint was freedmore comfortable splint, he had
a small injection of morphine, and said
the next morning that it was a more
comfortable sleep that night than he
had had since being wounded.
He looked very ill all yesterday and
his temperature kept above 103?. I11 the
evening the thigh swelled rapidly and
after consulting together the surgeons
decided to amputate the leg early the
next morning. They seemed sure that
the boy had gas gangrene in the leg and
this is a very deadly infection to any
wound.
He spoke of you in the night and
asked night Sister to write to you. This
morning a little before 11 o'clock he
asked me to be sure you were told all
about him having to lose his leg, for by
that time he knew that he was for opera-
tion. He was very bright and even look-
ing forward tothe relief it would be.
He teased Sister a little and said the
other fellows would be envious that he
had all her attention, whispered again
to me would I be "very sure to let my
Mother know." He died within an hour
after returning to theward. I feel sure
nothing more could have been done here.
We did all possible in the way of inter-
venous and inter-muscular infusion, he
had pituitary extract and all the rem-
edies to combat shock but the poison in
his blood depressed the heart's action so
hopelessly. The only thing that might
have helped would have been an amputa-
tion before he was sent over from
France. I feel so very sorry for you in
this. It must be dreadfully hard to lose
such a son. His companions i11 the Ward
were so fond of him--even the very
seriously-ill ones would ask after "the
boy from America" before telling their
own troubles.
Please write and ask if there is any-
thing more you wish to know.
Witli much sympathy,
Yours sincerely,
E. Hodges, Matron.

