STAR OF THE WEST 115
me with power and strength, so that I
may be a maid-servant in Thy threshold,
with perfect purity and sanctity; sa.cri-
fice myself unto Thee, be quit of myself
and seek Thee, walk in the path of Thy
good pleasure, speak Thy secret and wit-
ness the signs of Thy oneness wherever I
look. God! Make 1ne ablaze, like unto
the fire of Thy love, and make me free
from attachment to this mortal world,
until I find the peace of soul and the
rest of conscience.
Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty!
Thou art the Hearer, the Seer!
(Tablets of Abdul-Baha, Vol. 1, p.
196.)
Thou kind God! I am a little babe;
exalt me at the threshold of Thy King-
dom. I live on this earth; make me
heavenly. I am of this world make me
of the world of the realm of might. I
exist in this world of darkness; make me
illumined. I am material; make me
spiritual and suffer me to become the
manifestor of infinite bounties. Thou
art the Powerful, the Compassionate!
(Tablet.)
God! Educate Thou this little child
in the arm of Thy knowledge and nurse
her at the breast of Thy providence.
Plant Thou this fresh flower in the rose-
garden of Thy love and refresh it by the
showers from the clouds of Thy gifts.
Make her one of the children of the
Kingdom and guide her toward the realm
of the Most High. Verily, Thou art the
Powerful, the Kind; Thou art the Giver,
the Generous, the Bounteous.
(Another translation of Commune in
Tablets of Abdul-Baha-, Vol. 1, p. 50.)
(To be continued)
Talks by Abdul-Baha in the Holy Land--Continuecl
(Continued from page 112)
from America, and other parts of the
world. It was mentioned that three min-
isters happily invited the Bahais to
speak and teach in their churches, con-
cerning which Abdul-Baha said:
"Such incidents are so frequent now
that they have lost their significance.
There was a time when, if one heard a
word of commendation from a minister,
he was astonished. But now they come
and invite the friends (Bahais). This
is only through the confirmation of the
Kingdom of Abha."
June 15, 1914.
News of the marriage of Noory, son of
Akkash Effendi, who lives in Aintab,
Asia Minor, was received, and the fol-
lowing tablet was revealed by Abdul-
Baha: "My illumined Noory! Accord-
ing to what is mentioned, with abundant
joy through the bounty of the One whose
favors are concealed, a wedding was cele-
brated in the utmost splendor; happiness
and rejoicing were obtained. Although,
outwardly, I was not present at that re-
ception, yet with heart and soul I was in
the companionship of that assembly,
with equal pleasure and cheerfulness I
was with the zealous friends. Therefore,
I present congratulations and felicita.-
tions on the occurrence of such a blessed
marriage. From the Ancient, the Liv-
ing, my hope is that a happy family
may be established, so that through ages
and centuries it may become the cause
of spreading the Light."
Abdul-Baha then revealed the follow-
ing tablet to an American believer re-
garding the care of the orphans: "In
this blessed Cause, the matter of the or-
phans has a great importance. The or-
phans must be greatly cherished, trained,
taught and educated, especially in the
teachings of His Holiness 
As much as possible, every orphan must
be taught. I ask God that thou mayst
become a kind father and mother to the
orphan children. \/Vith the fragrances of

