STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and a1l_men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strength-
ened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless
Sfilififi; these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
V01. IX Sultan 1, 74- (January 19, 1919) No. 17
Extracts from the Diary of Major Wellesly Tudor-Pole,
Holy Land, 1918
Sent for publication to the STAR or THE through, and edited by,
Claudia Stuart C-oles, Washingtoii, 1). C.
Mount of Olives, Jerusalem,
November 16, 1918.
FROBI my room in the great German
Hospice on this Holy Hill, I have
the most wonderful V16W that it has ever
been my lot to gaze upon. There is a
pillared arched balcony outside my wi11-
dows which makes a superb frame for
the picture.
In the foreground olive trees clothe
the hill which slopes down toward a
most fascinating middle distance, made
up of rocky undulating desert plateaux.
These lend themselves in some unex-
plained fashion to curiously beautiful
sun and shadow effects, so that the view
chang_es almost from minute to minute.
Beyond again lie the volcanic moun-
tainous erections amongst which lie the
(supposed) ruins of Sodom, while Gom-
orrah lies away to the west down the
plain.
It is as if these hills had been "danc-
ing together with joy" and in the midst
of all the gayety and motion, they had
become petrified suddenly without warn-
ing. They are fantastic yet beautiful,
weird yet ever changing, although one
never loses the feeling of eternal petri-
faction, which is not only apparent, for
it is a geological fact.
Beyond these crater-like erections, and
far, far below them, lies the Dead Sea,
green-blue, clear as reflecting
the mountains of Moab which rise steep-
ly from the water high up, until they
form a skyline background for the whole
picture.
Away to the left lies the Jordan val-
ley, and one can trace the river wending
its way northward like a blue ribbon
among the foothills. But it is not the
physical scenery that holds one spell
bound, it is the atmosphere. It comes
resistlessly up towards one until one is
bathing in its strange magnetism.
Ancient majesty and strength flow out
from the mountains of Moab, mystery
rises from the waters of the Dead Sea,
beauty flows forth and upwards from
the Jordan river, tragedy and joy rise
up together from the lonely solitudes
of the desert, and the craters in the
middle distance. All these seem to blend
into one resistless wave of color and
significance which sweeps up towards one
through the olive groves to the Mount
of Olives itself.
No photograph or picture or descrip-
tion can possibly convey one-thousandth
part of the strange charm of that which
lies before. me as I Write.
The past Week has seemed like a
dream. On the 11th of November, 1918,
at 4 p. the news of the Armistice
reached me as I was sitting in my office

