STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened,
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes;
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IX Jalal 1, 74 (April 9, 1918) N0. 
Talks by Abdul-Baha in the Holy Land
BY on. ZIA M. BAGDADI 
The following compilation of some of the blessed utterances of Abdul-Baha, after
his return to the Holy Land from America, Europe and Egypt,
tells some interesting news of that Holy Threshold.
Abdul-Baha arrived at his home in
Haifa, Syria. His first words to tho
family and to the friends Who flocked
to see him Were: "After the end of three
years, again I return to the Holy Land.
Were it not for the assistance and pro-
tection of the Blessed Beauty (Baha'o'-
llah) I would never have had any hope
of returning from such a long journey.
I Wont as far as Los Angelcs, Which is
situated on the Western coast of America
and directly opposite the land of Acca.
Should a person drill a hole through the
earth in that land ho Would come out
here. Everywhere I Went, my thoughts
Were in Acca. I traveled in many
countries. I saw deserts and valleys, but
no place could equal this. Indeed, the
views are indescribable. There are
many places in other countries, which
are famous for their grandeur; but here
the views are of divine delicacy and of
the gentleness of the Creator."
On December 6th, Abdul-Baha, ac-
companied by a great number of pil-
grims, to the holy threshold, the
tomb of the Bab, on Mt. Carmel. After
praying, he said: i"Wl1at a beautiful
gathering"! In all the places I went I
did not see such a beautiful, live meet-
ing. Pray, in my behalf, at this blessed
IT WAS on December 5th, 1913, that

Were it not for the assistance of Miss
Edna True, the lack of time Would have
prevented this servant from preparing
such a11 artic1e.--Dr. Z-ic M. Bagdcdi.
spot, for all the friends and ask con-
firmation for them."
When Abdul-Baha was leaving, his
honor Ibn-Asdak, one of the famous
teachers in Persia, fell on his knees at
Abdul-Baha/s feet. Abdul-Baha said:
"According to the blessed command, it
is not permitted to fall on the knees and
bow down except before the blessed home
and the tombs of Bvaha/o'llah and the
Bab. Beware of deviating from the di-
vine commands."
In tho evening, Abdul-Baha spoke in
Arabic because of the good gathering of
Syrian people with. the Persian friends.
First, he spoke of the difference between
the God-made beauty of the Holy Land
and the manornadc or artificial develop-
ment in the occidcnt, saying that the
spirituality and beauty of the Holy Land
cannot be found in any of the European
countries. Then he illustrated the length
of his journey by the following story:
certain Kurd Was in the
morning to say his prayers. He arose
and prayed five times successively. (Tho
Mohammedan morning prayer consists
of facing Mecca, reading a passage from
the Koran, and bowing and kneeling
twice in supplication.) The people said
to him, 'What art thou doing? The
morning prayer should be uttered only
twice and thou art repeating it five
times.' Ho replied, 'God bless you. I
do not say my prayers often. Wlien I
do say them, Why should I say them only
twice? The more the better!' So it was
with us. 'Ne had not traveled before,

