80 STAR OF THE WEST
you in the glorious and Wondrous pro-
motion of your beautiful brother to the
spiritual heights of that home which con-
tains "all of life that is life, and all of
love that is love"; which is a permanent,
endless home!
In a tablet revealed for a Bahai many
years ago, Abdul-Baha said: "To the
people of adoration, death is the ark of
deliverance." Today when the earth is
so storm tossed, how doubly true this is!
My memories of my de.ar spiritual
brother, George Lesch, are all very beau-
tiful memories! His was an life
of beautiful deeds of the spiritual world,
and his record will be written in words
which will never die. His firmness in
the Covenant is now the key that opens
many new paradises to him in that home
of purest vision!
Blessed are you in the possession of a
brother, so safely housed in the supreme
Kingdom; so released from the bodily
limitations, and so prepared by his life
in this world for the larger service that
now is bestowed upon him. From that
home, his nearness to you will be an
eternal nearness, knowing nothing of
separation, and a service, invisible but.
sure, to you, which will never end; in
which no abatement will exist but in-
stead as he progresses an ever augment-
ing, spiritual service.
How great was his presence in the
recent Convention, where "all banners
were reversed save that of the Coven-
ant."
In His love, your sister,
I. D. mfiingham.
ARTHUR PILLSBIJRY DODGE
(Tablet Revealed when learning of his
death, at New York City, October 12,
1915.)
To Mrs. Dodge, and William, Wendell
and Paul Dodge--May their lives be

ye afflicted ones!
A most terrible news reached my ears
and that was the death of his honor, Mr.
Dodge. Truly, this bereavement is un-
bearable and the hearts are afflicted with
the utmost sorrow and grief that that
divine personage hid his face from the
world, hastened to the universe of God
and left the friends in the remorse and
regret of separation. In reality that
honorable soul served the Cause of God
and endured many hardships and vicis-
situdes._ His services are registered in
the everlasting book in the Kingdom of
God and mentioned by the Supreme Con-
course. They shall never be forgotten.
Ere long they will yield great results and
will become the means of happiness to
that household and conducive to the
honor of its members. I will never for-
get him and supplicate for him graces
and bounties from his highness the Al-
mighty. Be ye not sorrow-stricken nor
do ye lament or bemoan; for that drop
joined the ocean, that ray returned to
the sun, that thirsty one reached the
fountain of eternal life and that fish
swam in the sea of God's forgiveness.
Although his star set in the horizon of
this world yet he dawned with the ut-
most brilliancy from the horizon of eter-
nity. You will find him in that divine
universe. Consequently he is not counted
among the lost ones.
Upon ye be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Blessing be upon the spirit who departed from _the body purified from the doubts
and superstitions of the nations. Verlly, it moves 1n the atmosphere of God's desire,
the S'u reme Paradise
and enters 1n 0 - 
All the angels on the $11DI"erne Paradise attend and surround it, and it Will have
fellowship with all the prophets of God and His saints, and speak with them and tell
them what happened to it 1I1 the_ Cause of _Gqd, the Lord of the Universe. If any one
could realize what hath been assigned for 1t II1 the _K1ngdoms of God, the Lord of the
Throne and the dust, he would immediately yearn with a. great longing for the Unmov-
able, Exalted, Holy and Abha station!


