STAR OF THE WEST 91
they should be praised and encouraged
therein. Even so in God-like affairs.
Oral questions should be asked and the
answers should be given ora-lly. They
should discuss With one another in this
manner.
(Star of the lVest, Vol. 7, No. 15,
p. 142.)
A Wise schoolmaster should send his
scholars out to play or to practice gym-
nastics for an hour, so that their minds
and bodies may be refreshed, a11d dur-
ing the hour of the lesson they may
learn it better. If the teacher proves
that his scholars are advancing no on-
looker has a right to object to his sys-
tem, or to question his Wisdom and say
he Wastes the boys' time. If a wise
father plays with his -children, who
has a right to say it is not good for
them'? He calls them to come to him
as the hen calls her chicks; he knows
that they are little and must be coaxed
along--coaxed along, because they are
young and tiny.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From. leaf-
let The True Gardener.)
PROTECTION OF CHILDREN
Take away thy dear child from among
the heedless ones, for they are fast after
him in order that they may lead him
astray from the right path. Keep him"
some time with thyself and train him
as he ought and should be. Then send
him to another school or another place.
(Tablet to P. A. H., March 27, 1906.)
Be thou kind to the "bantam chick-
ens and their babies" and take good
care of them; so that thou mayest learn
how to train the living creatures. Teach
and educate the "parrot" in order that
she may be instructed with the heavenly
Words. Although the parrot may be un-
conscious of the meaning of the phrases,
yet, God Willing, thy heart Will be in-
spired with such utterances, (the sig-
nificance of which will be revealed to
thee first and then the Words will flow
from thy tongue). Perfect thyself in
the art of music; so that thou mayest
be able to play on the harp most di-
vinely.
(Tablet: From Diary of Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab, July 31, 1914.)
OF CHILDREN TOYVARD
PARENTS
There are also certain sacred duties
of children toward parents; these duties
are Written in the Book of God, as be-
longing to God. The (children's) pros-
perity in' this World and the Kingdom
depends upon the good pleasure of par-
ents, and Without this they Will be in
manifest loss.
(Tablets of Abdul-Baha, Vol. 2, p.
262.)
Father and mother are Worthy of
esteem and it is necessary to secure
their good pleasure; but this on condi-
tion that they do not prevent one from
nearness to the threshold of the Al-
mighty and -do not withhold one from
Walking in the path of the Kingdom.
Nay, rather, parents should encourage
and inspire one to Walk in God's path.
(Tablets of Abdul-Baha, Vol. 2, p.
463.)
thou my dear son! Thy let-
ter' sweetened the heart and the spirit.
Thy lovely face is engraved forever on
the tablet of my heart. I am also long-
ing to look into thy countenance. Say
always the Greatest Name before be-
ginning thy lessons. The confirmation
and assistance of God shall encircle thee.
(Tablet: From Diary of Mirza Ah-
mad Sohrab, M'ay'26, 1914.)
Although thou art small, yet I hope
thou Wilt become great in the Kingdom.
His Highness Christ, saith: "Happy
is the condition of the children." God
willing, thou art-one of those children.

