70 STAR OF
oflicers of the Unity, not being then in
permanent form, no motion was made to
accept the reports.
On motion of Mrs. duly
seconded it was voted that the reports of
the various officers listened to yesterday
be accepted.
Mrs. True: "Has the Executive
Board full authority to do anything that
should be done on the temple grounds or
do we have to have the Convention vote
on the matter?"
Chairman Mr. Lunt: think the
Executive Board has full authority; but
the thing has been so troublesome, we
Wanted you all to know about it, that
is all."
Mrs. True: "The only thing was that
I wanted to know if the Executive Board
had some authority, because it seems to
me We will have to take some very dras-
tic steps.' That piece of ground is most
attractive, and it has been used as an
amusement grounds, Without any cont-I01
over it, and the people there are rather
obstreperous. And another question, and
a. very serious question is, 'Are the
Bahais of the World keeping up an
amusement grounds, or are they keeping
up .a sacred piece of ground?' There-
fore, I would like this Convention to in-
struct its Executive Board to take every
measure possible to make that ground
absolutely sacred, that the people of Chi-
cago and the World may know that there
is one spot on this continent that is ded-
icated to God and kept as such."
The Chairman; cannot think of
any better form of words than our sister
has used, in making a motion. You
make a motion to that effect, Mrs.
True?"
Mrs. True: "Yes."
Mr. Ober; second that motion."
Motion carried.
The Chairman: "Are there any
other matters that We can consider at
this time while We are waiting for the
counting of the ballots? The question
THE WEST
was suggested to the Chair during the
recess, that in a certain way the tablets
relative to the reception of orientals in
America and associating with them are
somewhat allied to this question of vio-
lation, and that subject has been the
cause of much difficulty to many of the
friends, in different parts. It has given
us a good deal of Worry at Green Acre,
for instance, Where We at-tempt to open
our doors to all nations and people. I
do not know Whether you would care to
take that up at this time. I simply Want
to open the way for it, if anybody wants
to take it up."
Mr. Ober: "Mr. Chairman, I think
that it is increasingly evident to the
Convention and the believers, all over
the country, that these questions are
never settled until they are settled right;
and until we get the explicit, complete
teachings of Abdul-Baha on any of these
subjects, in application to all possible
do not have the com-
plete expression of his wisdom; we
rather have only the partial expression
of that Wisdom.
"This question oi the orientals has
come up several times. It has not been
settled yet,--I mean to the" satisfaction
of all.
"Now, since there are a number of
tablets from various sources, I suggest,
and for the purpose of bringing the mat-
ter to a head, I make it as a motion, that
a committee of three be appointed by
the Chair to make a compilation of all
the instructions of Abdul-Baha on this
subject, for the purpose of reporting
later, for the guidance of the believers
of the country; and issue them to the
assemblies. 
In the discussion that followed Mrs.
Gillen outlined in detail some of the
difficulties in Seattle and other parts of
the Pacific coast relative to this question
and ended by saying think we should
stick absolutely to Abdul-Baha's com-
mand about letting no oriental come
among us without Abdul-Baha's orders

