STAR OF THE VVEST 9
joy. In the sacred laws of God, in
every cycle and dispensation, there are
blessed feasts, holidays and W0-rkless
days. On such days all kinds of occupa-
tions, commerce, industry, agriculture
etc., are not allowed. Every Work is un-
lawful. All must enjoy a. good time,
gather together, hold general meetings,
become as one assembly, so that the na-
tional oneness, unity and harmony may
become personified in all eyes. As it is
a blessed day it should not be neglected
or Without results by making it a day
limited to the fruits of mere pleasure.
During such blessed days institutions
should be founded that may be of per-
manent benefit and Value to the people
so that in current conversation and in
history it may become Widely known
that such a good Work was inaugurated
on such a feast day. Therefore, the in-
telligent must search and investigate
reality to find out what important affair,
What philanthropic institutions are most
needed and What foundations should be
laid for the community on that partic-
ular day, so that they may be established,
For example, if they find that the com-
munity needs morality, then they may
lay down the foundation of good morals
on that day. If the community be in
need of spreading sciences and widening
the circle of knowledge, on that day they
should proceed in that direction, that
is to say, direct the thoughts of all the
people to that philanthropic cause. If,
however, the community is in need of
Widening the circle of commerce or in-
dustry or agriculture they should start
the means so that the desired aim may
be attained. If the community needs
protection, proper support and care of
orphans, they should act upon the Wel-
fare of the orphans, etc. Such under-
takings that are beneficial to the poor,
the Weak and the helpless should be per-
sued in order that, on that day, through
the unity of all and through great
meetings, results may be obtained, the
glory and blessings of that day may be
declared and manifest.
Likewise in this Wonderful dispensa-
tion this day (Naurooz) is a blessed
day. The friends of God should be con-
firmed in service and servitude. Wlith
one another they must be in the utmost
harmony, love and oneness, clasping
hands, engaged in the commemoration
of the Blessed Beauty and thinking of
the great results that may be obtained
on such a blessed day.
Today, there is no result or fruit
greater than guiding the people, because
these helpless creatures, especially the
Persians, have remained without a share
of all the bestowals of God. Undoubt-
edly, the friends of God, upon such a
day, must leave tangible, philanthropic
or ideal traces that should reach all man-
kind and not only pertain to the Bahaia
In all the cycles of the prophets the
philanthropic aifairs were confined to
their respective peoples only-with the
exception of small matters, such as char-
ity, which was permissible to extend to
others. But in this Wonderful dis-
pensation, philanthro-pic affairs are for
all humanity, Without any exception, be-
cause it is the manifestation of the mer-
cifulness of God. Therefore, every uni-
versal matter--that is, one that belongs
to all the World of humanity-is divine;
and every matter that is sectarian and
special is not universal in cl1aracter--
that is, it is limited. Therefore, my hope
is that the friends of God, every one of
them, may become as the mercy of God
to all mankind.
(Translated by Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi,
Chicago.)
-- 
Naurooz Greeting:
The STAR or THE enters upon its ninth year with th-is issue. Vile rejoice
that It was founded on the blessed day of Naurooz. May it become an institution
of permanent benefit, universal in scope and divine in character. Allah 'o 'AbhaI
The Editors.

