STAR OF THE WEST 93
undoubtedly lead to results; otherwise it
will continue for some days and then
will be disorganized.
(Tablet to P. A. H, July 28, 1913.)
In that hour you should make the
children familiar with the prophecies in
the Gospels and with the Name of God,
and with this Revelation: that is to
say, instruct them how to become
teachers, so that the love of God may be
established in their hearts While they are
young children. They should develop
spiritual feelings. You should explain
to them or read to them the Ishralt-at,
Tarazat, Tajalleyat, the of Parce-
dise, and the Tablet of the orld. You
should make them memorize some
of these verses. By these means they
will become enlightened and Well edu-
cated, for they are like unto a young
tree: you can train them in Whatever
manner you like.
(Spoken in February, 1909H.)

Praise be to God! Thou art engaged
in teaching and educating the children.
for they have Wonderfully memorized
and read the manifest verses, the Glad-
Ticlings, the Conimunes, the Isizralcai'
and the \Vord. I hope that each one of
them (those children.) Will become a
peerless teacher and the cause of the
guidance of the people. Praise be to
God! All the members are illumined
with the light of the Beauty of Ahha!
(Tablet to P. A, H.)
Thou hast written regarding the spir-
itual education of the children. It is
very acceptable and beloved. Undoubt-
edly these children will make ideal and
physical advancement.
(Tablet to P. A. H., Nov. 21, 1913.)
Indeed the sweet melody of the pupils
of Mrs. H.. . . . gladdened the hearts of
the people of the Supreme Concourse.
(To l\Tr. R., May, 1909.)
CHILDREN TO BE TAUGHT MUSIC
Abdul-Baha's Address to the children of
the "Washington Sunday School,
April 24, 1912.
The art of music is divine and effec-
tive. It is the food of the spirit and the
soul. The spirit of man is exhilarated
through the notes and charms of music.
It exercises especially a Wonderful sway
over the hearts of children, for as their
souls are pure, as their hearts are very
pure, the music will produce i11 their
hearts great effect. Music will become
the cause of the expression of the
latent talents in their hearts. You
must exert yourselves so that you may
teach the children the art of music;
so that they may sing with greatest
effec-t. It is incumbent upon each child
to know something of the art of music,
for unless he is acquainted with the art
of music, he cannot enjoy the art of
singing and melody. Likewise it is ne-
cessary that the schools teach the art of
music to the pupils, so that they may
enjoy life more thoroughly, so that their
souls and hearts may become and
exhilarated.
Today illumined and spiritual children
are gathered in this meeting. They are
children of the Kingdom. The King-
dom of God is for these souls, for they
are near to t-he Kingdom. They have
pure hearts. They have spiritual faces.
The effect of the teachings is manifest
in their hearts, for their hearts are very
pure. That is Why His Highness Christ
has addressed the World saying: "Be
like unto the children." That is, men
must become pure in heart. The teach-
ings must have great effect. Spiritual
souls; tender souls!
The hearts of all the children are
pure, of the utmost purity. They have
no dust. But this is on account of Weak-
ness, not on account of any strengtli.
In the early period of childhood their
hearts are pure. They cannot display
any great intelligence. They have not
hypocrisy nor stratagem. This is on

