158 STAR OF
upon the World's selfishness and mate-
rialism, who can compute the result! It
may change many, many hearts from
stone into love for the power of the
Holy Spirit, shining through dedicated
disciples, is irresistible.
Now is the time to pray that at the
approaching peace conference the dele-
gates of the many nations may be in-
spired with God 's own love and wisdom
and build quickly the foundation of His
Most Great Peace. How beautiful if
all the friends of God in all lands and
races could pray morning and evening
for the divine illumination of this, the
greatest peace conference in human his-
tory, pray that they may establish in
love and justice the foundation of in-
ternational confederation and abiding
peace.
The second step in the divine cam-
paign is for each one who would be a
soldier of God in this, the most crucial
moment of history, to go forth, if the
Holy Spirit confirms him, and proclaim
with resonant voice, glowing enthusiasm,
luminous logic and blazing heart the
most great glad tidings of the coming
of the Lord to restore His broken na-
tions and wipe away every tear from
their eyes.
Two years ago the divine Master sent
five Tablets to America calling his "be-
loved soldiers" to rise and deliver the
message of the oneness of humanity, the
new spiritual democracy, the Kingdom
of God among the nations in every state,
province, city and village of this vast
American continent. Go yourself, he
said, if you can, into the deserts of ma-
terialism and agnosticism and plant the
seeds of eternal life. If you cannot go
send or help send someone in your stead.
Let every one join the great campaign
for the building of the city that hath the
foundations whose master-builders and
architects are God and I-Iis holy Mani-
festations. "Now is the time; now is
the accepted time" to fulfill the great
teaching Tablets and illumine the entire
THE WEST
continent with the glory of the Prince
of Peace, of that city that "hath no
need of the light of the sun neither of
the moon to shine upon it, for the Glory
of God did lighten it."
The spiritual attitude of the friends
of God in the next few years will save
the world. charge you all that each
one of you," says Abdul-Baha, "con-
centrate all the thoughts of your heart
upon love and unity. When a thought
of war comes oppose it by a stronger
thought of peace. A thought of hatred
must be destroyed by a more powerful
thought of love. . . V. So may all the
savagery of man disappear by the mercy
of God working through the pure in
heart and the sincere of soul.
"Do not think the peace of the world
an ideal impossible to attain. Nothing
is impossible to the divine benevolence
of God.
"If you desire with all your heart
friendship with every race on earth,
your thought, spiritual and positive,
will spread; it will become the desire
of others growing stronger and stronger
until it reaches the minds of all men.
"Do not despair; work steadily. Sin-
cerity and love will conquer hate. How
many seemingly impossible events are
coming to pass in these days! Set your
faces steadily towards the Light of the
world. Show love to all. 'Love is the
breath of the Holy Spirit in the heart of
man.' Take courage. God never for-
sakes His children who strive and work
and pray. Let your hearts be filled
with the strenuous desire that tranquil-
lity and harmony may encircle all this
warring world. So will success crown
your efforts. And with the universal
brotherhood will come the Kingdom of
God in peace and good-will."
May we, God 's little children be pure
and sanctified and devoted enough to
sacrifice ourselves for the Most Great
Peace until it covers the World as the
waters cover the sea.

