STAR OF THE WEST 127
being in the service of Abdul-Baha in
America, Europe and the Holy Land, he
was permitted to return to his home in
Russia, accompanied by his bride, Fat-
meh Khanom, sister of Zeenat Khanomfx'
On the occasion of the above mentioned
feast, Abdul-Baha gave the following
talk:
"During all the blessed days of
my hope always was that
a day would c_ome, perhaps, G-od willing,
whe11 I might travel in a certain direc-
tion and, in proportion to my ability,
make my utmost effort, as one in the
last great struggle of death. But on ac-
count of our incarceration, as prisoners,
all of that time passed with anguish--
because the fruit of existence is, that
spiritual motion or activity be obtained
from man; that is, he should be moving
and not still, flying and not resting. In
all of the contingent beings, lack of mo-
tion is the cause of death, and motion is
the cause of life. At that time I Was
very disheartened and depressed because
I found myself unconfirmed and un-
assisted in service to the Holy Thresh-
o1d--tl1at is, hindered by the prison; but
because I considered that hindrance was
in the blessed path, therefore comfort
could be obtained.
"When the ascension of 
occurred, the severity of its effect and
anguish was to such a degree that it can-
not be described. That effect and an-
guish overcame all other feelings. It
left in me no life, will or thought. For
a long time I was in such a state of sor-
row. Afterward, the fire of dissension
became ablaze. (This refers to the nake-
zeen or violators of the Covenant.) All
of you know that this, too, hindered me.
Later, it was considered that the Cause
of God had fallen into great danger.
Notwithstanding this I intended to
travel, but the government interfered.
All of the enemies of the Blessed Beauty
attacked from all regions. They believed
wife of the translator, Dr. Zia
M. Bagdadi.--Edit0rs.
that the ascension of was
an opportunity for them, and in the ut-
most power they attacked. In every
corner there was an armed enemy.
Hatred and fighting were in evidence,
especially among the Yahyais (Ezelis),
who had been always hiding in the holes,
without a name, a sign, a voice or call-
ing, and who now became hopeful be-
cause of the ascension of the Blessed
Beauty, that perhaps they might corrupt
the Blessed Cause. They arose with ut-
most power, especially when the news of
dissension (violation) was received. Also,
the ulama and mujtahedeen (Moham-
medan priests) believed that it was their
opportunity and they began to attack.
Beside these, the government gave us
trouble. Other very hard problems came
in the midst, such as the tragedy of
Yezd (this refers to the of
more than 150 of the Bahais in the
city of Yezd in Persia). Indeed, on
account of that incident my bones col-
lapsed. Although I did not speak a
word, yet night and day I did not have
rest.
"It is quite evident what we suffered
in those days. All of these hindrances
became the cause of my disinclination to
travel. "Then freedom was proclaimed
(This refers to the freedom of the Turk-
ish Empire from the obsolute monarchy
of Sultan Abdul-I-Iamid to the present
constitutional government) and exile
and prison were over, I thought the time
had come to travel, no matter what
might happen. Immediately, though I
was ill, without the knowledge of any
soul, I took the boat and went away,
saying, 'In the Name of God, who moves
and stops the ship!'
"The known people of discord
(nakazeen and enemies) in Acca cir-
culated the report that I had run away,
that I feared the Society of Union and
Progress, that I was a traitor--I take ref-
uge in God!--and fearfully, chose to
escape. God be exalted! In the time of
Abdul-Hamid the enemies of Abdul-
Baha constantly wrote reports that I was

