STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, S15 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, 111., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post ofiice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Editorial R. GERTRUDE ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Illember--MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add suti-ieient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Il1., U. S.A.
TABLET FROM SABDUL-BAHA.    if
thou Star of the West! HE IS 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in _every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for -the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stan unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Arms.
Vol. IX Ola 1, 74 (March 2, 1919) No. 19
early one hundred Tablets revealed for the
Bahai friends in America
WORD FROM SHOGHI EFFENDI, GRANDSON
OF ABDUL-BAHA
Haifa, Palestine,
January 29, 1919.
To Zia M. Bagdadi, Chicago.
Dear brother in El-Abha:
Greetings and salutations! Your suppli-
cations are arriving; the news of the friends of
God noted. A Tablet has been revealed for you;
a telegram dispatched. So far, the Beloved
(Abdul-Baha) has revealed nearly one hundred
Tablets for the friends in the United States of
America. Some of them have been dispatched
and others will be. Convey the glad-tidings to
the friends. Beloved in perfect health. Suppli-
cations and cables are pouring in constantly from
morn till eve; life--giving Words are revealed.
From Persia, India, Japan, France, England
and Switzerland, letters and telegrams are
showering. The friends are ablaze and serve
heartily. In the Tablets revealed, ninety-five
per cent strike the chord of union and the note
of absolute harmony among the friends. The
Beloved declares that if the union and concord
among the friends of the Merciful is strength-
ened and fortified, it shall, like unto a lodestonc, attract Abdul-Baha to their
shores. Abha greetings.
Shoghi
P. daughter is named Parvene by the Master.

