STAR OF TI-IE WEST 209
which I put on and the11 sleep in the
humble bed in which I slept when thy
love and mercy first lifted me up from
my lowly state. Thus am I taught grati-
tude and appreciation of thy loving
kindness."
(From Ten Days 1342- the Light of Acca,
page 109.)
 
A MIRACLE OF 
IN BAGDAD.
There was a man in Bagdad who was
the chief of a thousand warriors. These
men were not in the regular army, but
the Govermnent gave the chief $2,000
a month to divide amongst them with the
stipulation that whenever war broke out,
this chief with his one thousand strong
warriors would join the army. But in-
stead of paying two dollars to his men
he would give them each one
dollar and pocket the balance. He
abused his soldiers continually. He had
also ten colored men in his personal-serw
ice, but treated them shamefully. He
would say: "As the colored people are
more faithful, therefore I employ them."
One day this man with his evil reputa-
tion came to see and after-
ward came frequently. He gave ear to
all his advices and exhortations. Little
by little the magical change was
wrought and one day he called together
his thousand men and told them that for
several years past he had been depriving
them every month of half their pay, but
that now he had realized his mistake and
sought their pardon. From now on they
were to receive their full pay of two
dollars a month. His men were wild
with joy and from that moment they
nicknamed him, 
heart." Then he Went to his home and
called together his ten negro servants
and told them he was extremely sorry
for his treatment of them, that he now
knew better; that he would try to amend
the past by being kind to them and
would treat them as if they were his real
sons. Often I called upon him and en-
joyed the intimate relation which existed
between this man and his "negro sons."
They adored him. Then, before his
death, he incorporated a clause in his
will that his "negro sons" should be
free, and bequeathed to them a quarter
of all his possessions.
I By relating to you this story I want
to impress upon your minds what mir-
acles the love of can ac-
complish. This man was not a 
he did not believe in 
simply loved him. 'We who believe in
him must most naturally do a hundred
times more than this simple man. We
must be ever ready to sacrifice our lives
through the power of faith.
(From Diary of l\-Iirza Ahmad Sohrab
to I-I. June, 1913.)
USELESS MEDITATION.
Once there was a man who had a ne-
gro servant. His name was Kafour.
Having decided to make a journey, he
bought a horse, and took Kafour with
him. After traveling all day, they
reached a small ruined caravanserai, and
realizing how tired they were they re-
solved to pass the night here, and re-
fresh with sleep their weary bodies and
continue their journey the next morn-
ing. As that locality was lately infested
with robbers, they decided that the mas-
ter should sleep until midnight, while
Kafour kept guard over the horse. Then
he (Kafour) would sleep in turn and
the master would sit awake. After their
supper the master slept, but after an
hour he awoke and asked: "Kafour,
what are you doing?" He (Kafour) an-
swered: am meditating!" "On
What are you meditating?" am med-
itating on the subject of--Why' God has
fashioned the edges of these thistles so
sharp and cutting." "Very good!" the
master chuckled to himself as he drew
his head under the blanket, "continue
to meditate. That is a good subject."

