STAR OF THE WEST 219
llere We met many of the friends and
delivered to them Tablets and messages
brought from Haifa. Then We Were
called upon to deliver short talks, suit-
able to the occasion. As they were all
preparing the Ways and means of her
burial, Haji Niaz took us back to our
hotel, and in the evening Agha Mohamad
Taki invited us to a thoroughly Persian
dinner. All the friends are extremely
kind and are anxious to hear the news
of the good health of the Beloved, the
holy family and the friends.
The morning of December 27th was
spent in calling at the passport offices
and the preliminary arrangement of my
trip to the United States, and I called
on Major Tudor-Pole in Savoy Hotel,
both in the morning and the evening.
He is Well, happy and very devoted to
the Cause. His article in the Palestiaze
News has made acquainted With the
Cause many officers, and has called forth
another short article by a Major, pub-
lished in copy of December 26th, on
"The Bahai Cause and Esperanto." Ma-
jor Tudor-Pole gave me a hearty Welcome
and expressed his readiness to help me
through the maze of officialdom in ac-
quiring my traveling passport. All day
we were entertained by a- young Bahai
who took us to a typically Egyptian res-
taurant, made us ride in a carriage and
drove us through the many beautiful
public parks, scattered here and there.
In the evening there Was a general
meeting of all the believers in the Mash-
rekol-azkar. Detailed speeches were de-
livered by Doctor Aflatoon and myself.
As many young Egyptian friends were
present, our talks were translated into
Arabic for their benefit. All of them
listened with shining eyes and happy
hearts. As the location of our hotel
was remote from the friends, We moved
to another one, near to them, called
The Egyptian Club. This evening also
We were entertained to dinner by Agha
Mohamad Taki.
On December 28th I called on the
Persian Consul General in order to get
a new passport. He met the Master
before the War, and knows a great deal
about the Cause. He is an enthusiastic
lover of Persia, and free from the nar-
row prejudices of many bigoted Per-
sians. He praised the Bahais very fer-
vently, especially Agha. Mohamad Taki.
"Although he is a Bahai," he said, "yet
I believe as truth all that he tells me,
because I know that he is essentially a
good and righteous man; but there are
many important Persians in this city
who are Moslems, still I cannot trust
them because their lives are not straight
and their aims are selfish." He desired
the Bahais to render a most concrete
and practical service to Persia. He re-
lated to us the harrowing details of the
sufferings of the Persian people during
the past years of War, of the devastation
and cruel havoc Wrought by the great
War, the laying Waste and burning of
villages, the hanging of many promi-
nent citizens and the death caused by
famine and starvation. He said now
that the English and Americans have
gained a complete victory, they are do-
ing their utmost to relieve this dire
situation. In turn I spoke about ana-
logous subjects. He asked about the
health of the Beloved and requested me
to send him his sincere greeting. Dur-
ing the day, in all my peregrinat-ions,
Mirza Abdol Hossein, the son of Mo-
hamacl Taki, Was my guide, and We
called on some of the friends who have
prosperous businesses in various parts
of the town.
On December 29th, accompanied by
my dear brother Abdol Hossein, I took
my snapshot photo for the Persian and
American passports, which I have to get
before starting Westward. In the after-
noon, We called at the office of Agha
Zeinel Abedin and had tea with him,
and later on with Haji Niaz We visited
the Persian Editor of Tchere Nama. For
(Continued on page 221)

