192
STAR OF THE WEST
along the line of general progress and contribute their share towards the up-
building of a strong, noble and stable State.
I may be permitted to close this paper with the characteristic remark of a
Mohammedan Sheikh, just a day after the British occupation of Haifa: "With
the coming of the English we were led from darkness into light!" And in this
short statement the feeling of the whole population was summed up.
Praying that the Ch-ristta-n Commonwealth may ever remain a torchbearer
of truth, justice and righteousness and a harbinger of peace and conciliation
amongst all nations and religions, I remain,
Your sincere servant,
Ahmad Sohrab.
ACCOMPANYING THIS ARTICLE
Mr. Joseph H. Hannen, Washington, D. C.
'My dear brother Joseph:
The other day your cable to Ahmed Yazdi in which you kindly" mentioned
my name, was received from Port Said, and gave me real joy. I am now await-
ing the arrival of your letters. I have just written a rather long letter to the
Editor of the Christian Commonwealth (London), and herein I transcribe the
same so that it may be published in the STAR on THE Wnsr.
Ahmad Sohrab.
Extracts from the Diary of Nlajor Wellesly Tudor-Pole
(Continued from page 187)
Teaching the Bahai Cause has never
been allowed by Abdul-Baha in the
Turkish Empire until now . . . .
. .
. . . . . He still, however, spends a
few weeks now and again in the Acca
prison house, that has now become his
property. . . . .
After lunch Abdul-Baha drove me out
to the Garden Tomb of 
about two miles from the city . . . .
. .
He approached the Tomb in complete
silence, praying with bent won-
derfully venerable figure in his white
turban and flowing grey robe.
On reaching the portal to the Tomb
itself, the Master prostrated himself at
length, and kissed the steps leading to
the inner chamber. There was a majes-
tic humility about the action that baffles
description. . . . . .
Then we took tea in the garden, and
Abdul-Baha told many stories about
his superhuman endur-
ance and his Wonderful teaching.
When we returned to Acca, the Per-
sian Colony, consisting of perhaps thir-
ty-five persons had assembled, and We
sat around the room drinking tea whilst
Abdul-Baha described his visit to Clifton
[England--home of the writer] and the
people he had met there.
. . . . . Then I went to pay my re-
spects to the Military Governor, curious
to discover what he knew of, and felt
about the greatest religious personage in
Asia today. The Governor was full of
a demonstration he was arranging for
the morrow in celebration of World Peace,
A band was coming, the notables of
Acca were to parade around the town,
the Governor would answer cheers and
make a little speech from the balcony of
the Town Hall.

