STAR OF THE WEST 67
how they associated and visited together.
It touched the hearts of many. But
many of the young folks thought it
was nothing but a playgrounds. So
baseball and other playing went on, to
the extent that believers in Chicago be-
came deprived of the use of the grounds;
that is, they lost the best part of the
grounds. Most of the grounds were occu-
pied by the outside people who made it
a playgrounds.
"Then the Executive Board took the
matter into their hands, and after con-
sultations they found that it would be
necessary to have some one to take care
of the grounds, to clean them and to
protect the trees, and they appointed or
permitted a fisherman to establish his
quarters there, with a certain concession
that Mrs. True, I am sure, is more able
to tell you the details of than I. The
idea was that the fisherman should keep
the grounds clean, and keep the trees
from being injured and cut down, and
at the same time be allowed to sell gaso-
line and some refreshments. And there
was no objection to that. The fisherman
did his best to abide by the instruc-
tions of the Board; but in the last
two or three years matters have be-
come very bad. The fisherman estab-
lished a place to sell dinners, fish dinners,
and more refreshments; and the mind of
the fisherman really became more occu-
pied in selling things th.an in taking care
of the property."
Dr. Bagdadi then outlined in detail
certain abuses of the hospitality of the
Unity in opening the ground to all the
people, abuses of such a nature that the
neighbors entered complaints and ulti-
mately a special policeman was ordered
to keep the Mashrekol-azkar grounds in
order.
"We took the matter up with the
assembly here and formulated a letter.
I wrote the letter myself to the Execu-
tive Board, and explained to them Mrs.
True also did all she could in writing-
that the solution for this problem was
that the sacred grounds must be kept
sacred, and the solution was to fence the
property. Some of the members of the
Board Wrote back, shrink from
hearing the word "fence," because the
Mashrekol-azkar is for all the nations
and for all people. How can We fence
it and close it in the face of any soul'?
It is contrary to the teachings.'
Wrote to them another letter, and
in that letter mentioned the following:
That those who went to Aeca, and those
who did not go to Acca, but who have
a book of the pictures of the sacred
spots, testify that all the sacred spots
in Acca and in Haifa are fenced. The
tomb of Baha'o'llah is fenced. There is
a fence, and the nails are sharp nails
so no one could jump over the fence. The
tomb of the Bab is surrounded by a
fence; and the garden of Abdul-Baha
is surrounded by a fence, and he himself
built the fence. The fence is not to shut
the people out; the fence is to keep the
grounds in order. In all these sacred
spots there is always a guard. opens
the door and permits everybody to come
in and enjoy themselves; when the dark-
ness comes and everybody is supposed to
go to his home, the door is then closed.
Nobody raised any objection when Ab-
dul-Baha fenced the properties there, or
the Mashrekol-azkar, which was fenced
in Ishkabad. Nobody objected here ex-
cept a few members of the Executive
Board, and they could not see why it
should be fenced.
"Moreover, the idea is that the temple
grounds should have a fence and every
Sunday a meeting be held on the temple
grounds; then the door be open, be-
cause it is only on. Sundays that people
go there, on beautiful summer days, and
the door be open all day until the
night, and the Bahais would Welcome
them. If they want to attend the meet-
ings, they can attend the meetings, and
if they Want to walk around, they can
walk around; and if they want to use
the trees and flowers or anything of that
sort, with moderation, in the right way,
they can use them and nobody will pro-

