STAR OF THE WEST 55
would be a wise thing to have on one of
the first pages of any book or manu-
script that was issued the statement ap-
proved by the Publications Committee,"
also a furtherstatement saying that 'the
sole authority for interpretation is
Abdul-Baha. 
There followed a discussion in which
Mrs. I-Ioagg, Mr. Kinney, Mr. Gregory,
Mrs. Ptice-Wray, Miss Holmes and Mrs.
Breed took part. The discussion re-
volved largely around the question of
the scope of the work of the Publications
Committee.
Mrs. Hoagg asked for information
about the new edition of the Hidden
Words.
Mr. Kinney desired to know if the
Publications Committee was authorized
to approve or disapprove of songs and

Mr. Gregory: "It has come to my
notice that quite a number of the old
publications have fundamental errors.
Would the Publications Committee ob-
ject to having its powers enlarged so as
to revise such publications, where these
errors are called to their attention? For
instance, one of the _books published at
least ten or twelve years ago, although
it is a very beautful book, has state-
ments in it which would justify any
reader in assuming that the creatures
could attain the station of the Manifesta-
tion of the Word; and one of the most
popular of the books recently published
has statements along that same line,
which are very misleading.
"Now, it seems to me that if the Pub-
lications Committee could call the at-
tention of the authors of the books to
those errors, they would be very glad to
correct them. One of them was written
at a time when the station ofthe Center
of the Covenant was not understood in
America and another one of them, al-
though recent, has fallen into the same
error. Now, it would seem very wise
that if this committee could not have
its powers enlarged, that a new commit-
tee should be appointed by this Conven-
tion to deal with matters of this kind, in
order that our publications should attain
the state of perfection which this com-
mittee indicates it desires."
The Chairman: would say that
the authorizing tablet. itself gives, it
seems to me, the answer to all these mat-
ters. This committee first must revise
and pass upon every manuscript, except
certain exempted manuscripts, or accept-
ed manuscripts mentioned in the tablet.
Now, I have not the language absolutely
in mind, but my belief is that in the
words of Abdul-Baha which have been
previously published, there are certain
books which he mentioned which did not
come Within the scope of the Publica-
tions Committee 's work; but everything
else does. Now, it seems to me that
Brother Gregory's question and sugges-
tion is extremely important, and that the
committee should take those publications
under its consideration. . . . Now,
we should all conform, and every Bahai
who expects his books, or her books, to
be placed on sale or circulated, should
conform to the instructions of Abdul-
Baha and should submit their manu-
scripts for final approval to the Publica-
tions Committee. I think the Conven-
tion should insist upon that."
Mrs. Rice-Wray brought up the matter
of authenticating some of the prayers.
Miss Holmes reported that she had re-.
ceived a tablet from Abdul-Baha which
read "collect the prayers and send them
to me." They have been sent and that
is as far as she knew.
The Chairman: would suggest
that possibly Abdul-Baha intended that
even the prayers should be for the pres-
ent considered by that committee. I do
not say that is so."
Mrs. R.ice-Wray pointed out the fact
that it would be the duty of the com-
mittee to get in touch with Abdul-Baha
in order to learn which were the correct
prayers.
Mr. Ober: think it is obvious that
the foundation of all of this work is

