98 STAR OF
ventiveness the essential means of liveli-
hood. After all, this is the greatest les-
son that any highly-evolved civilization
can teach us. They are so taught that
when the proper time arrives, they will
not shun the dangers and risks of life;
that like unto the birds of the fields and
the animals of the woods they may be
able to procure their sustenance and pro-
tect themselves from the encroachments
of the enemy."
(Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, July
12, 1914.)
CARDINAL BAHAI PRINCIPLES
OF COLLEGES AND
UNIVERSITIES
In 'this age the college which is domi-
nated by a denominational spirit is an
anomaly, and is engaged in a losing fight.
It cannot long withstand the victorious
forces of liberalism in education. The
universities and colleges of the World
must hold fast to three cardinal prin-
ciples.
First: 'Whole-hearted service to the
cause of education, the unfolding of the
mysteries of nature, the extension of the
boundaries of pure science, the eli1nina-
tion of the causes of ignorance and so-
cial evils, a standard universal system
of instruction, and the diffusion of the
lights of knowledge and reality.
Second: Service to the cause of mo-
rality, raising the moral tone of the stu-
dents, inspiring them with the sublimest
ideals of ethical refinement, teaching
them altruism, inculcating in their lives
the beauty of holiness and the excelleney
of virtue and animating them with the
excellences and perfections of the re-
ligion of God.
Third: Service to the' oneness of the
World of humanity; so that each student
may consciously realize that he is a
brother to all mankind, irrespective of
religion or race. The thoughts of uni-
versal peace must be instilled into the
minds of all the scholars, in order that
they may become the armies of peace,
THE WEST
the real servants of the body 
World. God is the Father of all. Man-
kind are His children. This globe is one
home. Nations are the members of one
family. The mothers in their homes,
the teachers in the schools, the professors
in the college, the presidents in the uni-
versities, must teach these ideals to the
young from the cradle up to the age of
manhood.
(Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Feb.
15, 1914.)
 -i
CHARACTERISTICS OF BAHAI
COLLEGE STUDENTS
You must become the shining
candles of moral precepts and
spiritual ideals and be the means
of the illumination of others. Clothe
your bodies with the robes of vir-
tues. Characterize yourselves with the
characteristics of the people of divine
morality. Shun all manner of vices as
you shun a poisonous snake or a leper.
Let the corps of professors and the stu-
dents be impressed with the purity and
holiness of your lives so that they may
take you as paragons of worthiness, ex-
amples of nobility of nature, observers
of the moral laws, holding in subordina-
tion the lower element by the higher
spirit, the conquerors of self and the
masters of wholesome, vital forces in all
the avenues 0-f life. Strive always to be
at the head of your classes through hard
study and true merit. Be always in a
prayerful state and appreciate the value
of everything. Entertain high ideals and
stimulate your intellectual and construc-
tive forces.
(Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, April
17, 1914.)
I hope that while you are studying in
this college you may so excel all other
students in the various branches of
knowledge taught therein that all of them
may testify that the Bahai students have
another power, are inspired with another

