STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, $15 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post office at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
EJitorialStafl-- ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Arman Sorman
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add suflicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, U.S. A.
if TABLETCFROM 
0 thou Star of the West! HE 1s oonl
Be thou happyl Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become at
last thou shalt become the first paper-of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA AREAS.
Vol. IX Eizzat 1, 74 (September 8, 1918) No 
world, when it was illumined by the com-
ing of His Highness the Messenger--May
my soul be a ransom to him and his
friends! How much' it is advanced! In
the beginning it was an insignificant
village and now it is the mother of the
cities (Mecca)."
une 8, 1914.
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab read to Abdul-
Baha an article from the 
Commonwealth, in which there Was an
appeal to Christianity to cease its useless
ceremonies and to return to its original
simplicity and spirituality. The article
spoke also of a minister who courageously
said to an assembly of ministers that
"the time had novv come for us to be
ashamed of receiving high salaries and
to be living in such comfort and luxury
while the poor are left in such misery.
We must leave the thoughts of our de-
sires and become self-sacrificing." Ab-
dul-Baha then said:
"They talk of doing, but they do not
act. They think it would be easy to do
this. They do not understand the mean-
ing of or self-sacrifice. As
soon as a needle pricks the hand, their
cries reach the heavens. There is no
comparison between these souls and the
sanctity and the self-sacrifice of the dis-
ciples of His Holiness Christ. They do
not even breathe alike. It is the Bahais
Who Walk in the footsteps of Christ and
his disciples. They endure such calami-
ties, hardships of hunger and thirst,
prison, murder, persecution and malice.
They have endured all sufferings. These
men of passion and desire--hoW can
they do such things? There Was a11
akhond (Mohainmedan priest) who
thought that one of his fingers had be-
come unclean and could not be purified.
He Went to a butcher and said, 'Come
thou and cut off my finger. I do not
Want it.' The butcher replied, 'This is
impossible. It is not easy to cut off a
finger. The blood will flow like a foun-
tain and there Will be severe pain.' The
akhond replied, 'No! there is only one
Way and that is that thou shouldst cut.'
When the butcher considered the ak-
hond's great persistence he replied,
'Very Well. Put thou thy hand on this
block.' Then With the back of his knife,
he pressed upon the finger. Suddenly
the akhond pulled away his hand and
began to scream, 'Ouch! thou hast cut
my hand! What an oppressor and un-
just man! How cruel and unmerciful
thou art!' Briefly, it is very easy to
Write and to speak upon these matters,

