168 STAR OF
teachingsyour effort, exertion and magnan-
imity.
Upon ye be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Mirga Ahmad Sohrab,
at Haifa, Syria, April 26, 1916. Orig-
inal addressed to Dr. Zia Bagdadi, Chi-
cago, Ill., care J. I-I. Hannen, Washing-
ton, D. C. Received August 19, 1916.)
TABLET TO THE DOMINION OF
CANADA
To the believers of God and the maid-
servants of the Merciful in the Prov-
inces of the Dominion of Canada:
ye daughters and sons of the King-
dorm!
Although in most of the states and
cities of the United States (Praise be
to God!) the fragrances of God are dif-
fused and innumerable souls are turning
their faces and advancing toward the
Kingdom of God, yet in some of the
states the flag of oneness is not upraised
as it ought to be and must be, and the
mysteries of the Holy Books, like the
Bible, the Gospel and the Koran, are
not promulgated. Through the unani-
mous effort of the friends, the banner
of oneness must be unfurled in those
states, and the divine teachings be pro-
moted, so that they may also receive a
portion and a share of the heavenly be-
stowals and the Most Great Guidance.
Likewise in the provinces of Canada,
such as Newfoundland, Prince Edward
Island, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick,
Quebec, Ontario, Manitoba, Saskatche-
wan, Alberta, British Columbia, Un-
gava, Keewatin, Mackenzie, Yukon and
the Franklin Islands in the Arctic Cir-
cle--the believers of God must become
self-sacrificing and like unto the candles
THE WEST
of guidance become ignited in the prov-
inces of Canada. Should they show
forth such a magnanimity, it is assured
that they will obtain universal divine
confirmations, the heavenly cohorts will
reinforce them uninterruptedly, and a
most great victory will be obtained. Per-
chance, God willing, the call of the King-
dom may reach the ears of the Eskimos,
the inhabitants of the Islands of Frank-
lin in the north of Canada, as well as
Greenland. Should in Greenland the fire
of the love of God be ignited, all the
ices of that continent will be melted and
its frigid climate will be changed into
a temperate is, if the
hearts will obtain the heat of the love
of God, that country and continent will
become a divine garden and a lordly or-
chard, and the souls, like unto the fruit-
ful trees, will obtain the utmost fresh-
ness and delicacy. Magnanimity is nec-
essary, heavenly exertion is called for.
Should you display an effort, so that the
fragrances of God be diffused amongst
the Eskimos, its effect will be very great
and far-reaching. God says in the great
Koran: day will come wherein the
lights of unity will enlighten all the
world. The earth will be irradiated with
the light of its Lord." In other words:
"The earth will become illumined with
the light of God. That light is the light
of unity. . . . . There is no God but
God." The continent and the islands of
Eskimos also are parts of this earth.
They must similarly receive a portion
of the bestowals of the Most Great Guid-
ance.
Upon ye be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
at Haifa, Syria, April 26, 1916. Orig-
inal addressed to Mrs. May Maxwell,
Montreal, Canada, care J. H. Hannen,
Washington, D. C. Received August 19,
1916.)
THREE TABLETS OF BAHA new edition of the Tablet offlle Branch, the Kilab-cl-Ahd, and the Lm>>h-el-
32 a and Pi Z0 nts. Address BAHAI PUBLISHING SOCIETY,
Ak as. oun in paper. ges cover. ree 
4319 Lake Park Avenue, Chicago.

