94 STAR OF
account of weakness. But a man be-
comes pure through the power of
strength. Thr0ugh'the power of intelli-
gence and understanding he becomes
simple, through the great power of
reason. He becomes sincere through the
great power of intelligence, not through
the power of weakness. When man at-
tains to the state of perfection he will
receive these qualities; his heart will
become pure, his spirit enlightened,
his soul tender, and this through
strength. This is the difference be-
tween the perfect man and the child.
Both have the great, simple, underlying
qualities; but the child through the
power of weakness and the man through
the power of strength. I pray in be-
half of these children and beg confir-
mation and assistance for them from the
Kingdom of Abha so that each of these
children may be trained under the
shadow of the protection of God; each
one may become like an ignited candle
in the world of humanity; each one may
become like a tender and green plant in
the rose-garden of Abha; that these chil-
dren may be so trained and so educated
that they will give life to the world of
humanity; that they may receive insight;
that they may bestow hearing to the peo-
ple of the world; that they may plant
life eternal and that they may be ac-
cepted at the threshold of God; that
they may become so characterized with
such virtues and such perfections and
such qualities that their mothers may be
proud; that their fathers may become
well' pleased; that their relatives may
become hopeful. This is my hope. I
give you my advice and it is this: You
must train these children, you must give
them divine exhortations. From their
childhood you must put into their hearts
the love of God, so that they may become
the manifestors of the fear of God; so
that they may have the fear of the
Divine, and that they may become hope-
ful in the bestowals of God; so that day
by day they may become free from the
imperfections of humanity and acquire
THE VVEST
the perfections of the world of man.
The life of man is useful if he acquires
the perfections of man. If he becomes
the center of the imperfections of the
world of humanity death is better than
life, non-existence is better than exist-
ence. Therefore, make ye an effort so
that these children may be trained" and
educated and that each of them may be-
come perfect in the world of humanity.
Now there is another meeting and
I must go. I am very much pleased with
these children. These are all my chil-
dren. Know ye the value of these chil-
dren, for they are my children.
(Star of the-West, Vol. 3, No. 3,
p. 19.)
 -Q
SUNDAY CLASS 
Question: "Is it right that Mrs.
H.. . . . has given up the Sunday School
work?"
He looked very much surprised and
grieved and said: "Why"? No! She
must keep it up by all means. "Thy does
she want to give it up?"
I answered that it was too far for
most of the children and some were too
delicate to walk.
He said: "If they cannot arrange to
go every Sunday, they must go every
other Sunday, if not every other Sun-
day then once a month. But they must
come together and must keep up the
Sunday School."
(Words of Abdul-Baha to Miss A. S.
K. spoken in Stuttgart, Germany, April
fl, 1913.)
Abdul-Baha listened very attentively
to all that was said pertaining to the
Sunday School, saying: "Kheli Khoob!
Kheli Khoob! It is very necessary that
the Sunday School be renewed again
and be made active." Then Abdul-Baha
asked: "The Sunday School is very im-
portant; then why did the parents be-
come indifferent? It is very essential
that the Sunday School be upheld, first,

