STAB OF THE WEST 147
generally may not know that Liberty Bonds are an acceptable gift to the Build-
ing Fund. Many have already realized this and have sent Bonds to Bahai Tem-
ple Unity for the fund. May America arise with supernatural energy to achieve
the "great triumph" of building the Temple and having Abdul-Baha come and
lay its corner stone.
Corina-c True,
Treasurer Building Fund Committee of Bahai Temple Unity.
The Center of the Covenant, The Greatest Branch--Conti11ued
(Continued from page 139)
His Holiness Abraham covenanted
with regard to Moses. His Holiness
Moses was the promised One of Abraham,
and he, Moses, covenanted with regard
to His Holiness Christ, saying that
Christ was the promised One. His Holi-
ness Christ covenanted with regard to
His Holiness The Paraclete--which
means His Holiness. Mohammed. His
Holiness Mohammed covenanted as re-
gards The Bab, whom he called "My
promised One," His Holiness The Bab,
in all his books, in all his epistles, ex-
plicitly covenanted with regard to the
Blessed Beauty, that
was the promised One of
His Holiness The Bab-. His Holiness
covenanted, not that I
(Abdul-Baha) am the promised One, but
that Abdul-Baha is the Expounder of
the Book and the Center of His Cove-
nant, and that the promised One of
will appear after one
thousand or thousands of years. This is
the Covenant which made.
If a person shall deviate, he is not ac-
ceptable a.t the Threshold of 
In case of difference, Abdul-
Baha must be consulted. They must re-
volve around his good pleasure. After
Abdul-Baha, whenever the Universal
House of Justice is organized, it will
ward off differences.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Star of the
West, Vol. 3, No. 14, p. 9.)

After His Holiness Christ, there Were
many who appeared who were instru-
mental in creating factions, dissensions.
It was not known which one was pur-
suing the right Way. For example, there
appeared one among them whose name
was Nestor who said that Jesus Christ
was not a prophet of God.
Another division was created when the
Catholics declared Jesus Christ to be the
Son of God; they even pronounced him
to be Divinity Himself. The Protest-
ants claimed that Jesus Christ was pos-
sessed of two elements, a human element
and a divine element. Thus another
division Was created. In short, the re-
ligion of Christ was divided and it was
not known who was pursuing the right
pathway, because there was no appointed
Center to whom Christ referred, whose
word was to be a gateway. If His Holi-
ness Christ had taken a covenant with
any soul, summoning all to cling to His
word as correct, then it would have been
evident as to what was veracity.
Because there was no appointed book,
every one declared, saying: "Vile are
the right pathway and the others are
not." But the Blessed Perfection,
to ward off dissensions, so
that no interested person should create
any division or belief, appointed a Cen-
tral Personage, declaring him to be the
Expounder of the Book. That is, people
do not generally understand the mean-
ings of the Book, but he does understand.
"He is the Expounder of my Book and
the Center of my Testament." In the
last two verses of the Book are revealed
explicit instructions, declaring that
"after me, you should turn your atten-
tion to a distinct personage and whatso-
ever he says is correct." A11d in the
Book of the Covenant, He said that by
these two verses are meant such and such

