160 STAR OF THE WEST
look at our own ability and capacity;
nay, rather we must behold the favors
and bounties of God in these days, who
has made the drop to find the expression
of the sea and the atom the importance
of the sun.
Upon ye be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
at Haifa, Syria, April 26, 1916. Orig-
inal addressed to Mr. Hooper Harris,
New York City, N. Y., care J. H. Han-
nen, Wasliington, D. C. Received Aug-
ust 19, 1916.)
TABLET TO THE WESTERN
STATES
To the believers of God and the maid-
servants of the Merciful in the West-
ern States:
ye sons and daughters of the King-
dom!
Day and night I have no other occu-
pation than the remembrance of the
friends, praying from the depth of my
heart in their behalf, begging for them
confirmation from the Kingdom of God
and supplicating the direct effect of the
breaths of the Holy Spirit. I am hope-
ful from the favors of His Highness the
Lord of bestowals, that the friends of
God during such-"a time may become the
secret cause of the illumination of the
hearts of humanity, breathing the breath
of life upon the praise-
worthy results may beco-me conducive to
the glory and exaltation of humankind
throughout all eternity. Although in
some of the Western states, like Califor-
nia, Oregon, Washington and Colorado,
the fragrances of holiness are diifused,
numerous souls have taken a share and
a portion from the Fountain of Ever-
lasting Life, they have obtained heavenly
benediction, have drunk an overflowing
cup from the wine of the love of God
and have hearkened to the melody of the
Supreme Concourse--yet in the states
of New Mexico, Wyoming, Montana,
Idaho, Utah, Arizona and Nevada, the
lamp of the love of God is not ignited
in a befitting and behooving manner, and
the call of the Kingdom of God has not
been raised. Now, if it is possible, show
ye an eifort in this direction. Either
travel yourselves, personally, throughout
those states or choose others and send
them, so that they may teach the souls.
For the present those states are like unto
dead bodies; they must breathe into
them the breath of life and bestow upon
them a heavenly spirit. Like unto the
stars they must shine in that horizon and
thus the rays of the Sun of Reality may
also illumine those states.
God says in the great Koran: "Verily,
God is the helper of those who have be-
lieved. will lead them from darkness
into light." This means: God loves the
believers, consequently he will deliver
them from darkness and bring them
into the World of light.
It is also recorded in the blessed Gos-
pel: "Travel ye throughout the world
and call ye the people to the Kingdom
of God." Now this is the time that you
may arise and perform this most great
service and become the cause of the
guidance of innumerable souls. Thus
through this superhuman service the
rays of peace and conciliation may
illumine and enlighten all the regions
and the world- of humanity may find
peace and composure.
During my stay in America I cried
out in every meeting and summoned the
people to the propagation of the ideals
of universal peace. I said plainly that
the continent of Europe had become like
unto an arsenal and its conflagration was
dependent upon one spark, and that in
the coming years, or within two years,
all that which is recorded in the Revela-
tion of John and the Book of Daniel
(Continued on page 166)

