72 STAR OF
Therefore, it has occurred to me to sug-
gest in the form of a motion, that when
this Compilation Committee has finished
its work, and when this compilation is
completed and ready to send out, that
the committee be empowered by this
Convention to send a copy of this, to-
gether With a letter giving the Bahai
principles, to the President of the United
States. I put that in the form of a
motion."
Motion seconded.
Dr. Bagdadi: "May I suggest that
when the compilation is perfected we
send it not only to the President but to
every ruler in the World whom we can
reach."
Mr. Remey accepted this suggestion.
In the discussion which followed rela-
tive to the method to be adopted by the
committee in carrying on its work, it
was agreed that the committee should,
as a whole, be free to request the co-
operation of any other committees or
individuals Whose assistance it desired.
The Chairman: "My understanding
is that the Convention lays upon each
member of this committee the responsi-
bility of personally passing upon every
bit of the manuscript and upon all of
you the injunctions of Baha'o'llah rest,
in reference to consultation."
Mrs. Coles: "On everything We do
there should be perfect and complete
consultation between members.
The Chairman: am quite sure
that the committee will be guided
aright."
Motion carried.
The Chairman: "We are ready to
listen to the report of the committee
that has the ballots in charge."
Mr. Scheffler reported the result as
follows: True 44, Bagdadi 40,.Remey
36, Gregory 33, Lunt 33, Hoagg 32,
THE WEST
Maxwell 30, Ober 28, Coles 18, Randall
18, Cooper 14, Rice-Wray 12, Windust
9. There were some scattering votes be-
loW this number.
On the basis of the committee 's re-
port the Chair declared eight persons
elected, all of them having more than 24
votes which were necessary for election
and one more to be elected who has not
yet received the required number of
votes. The committee was requested to
distribute ballots for the election of the
remaining member of the Executive
Board.
Mr. Remey reported the receipt of
two telegrams, one from Mr. and Mrs.
Latimer in Portland, the other from
George Latimer sent from Fort Ogle-
thorpe in Georgia. Both regretted their
inability to attend the Convention.
On motion duly made and seconded it
was voted that the greetings of the Con-
vention be extended to these friends.
Mr. Ober: have been requested
by some of the friends here who
are not delegates or alternates and,
therefore felt they could not speak on
this matter, to bring up again the sub-
ject of Mr. Vail 's book, which was men-
tioned this morning; but nothing definite
was done about it; and some of these
friends feel that a wrong impres-
sion was given, because the conver-
sation slid off into something else and
was not completed. Now, of course, we
realize that our attitude in all these
things is purely a question of education.
It is not a question of our sincerity, or
anything of that sort. We are all earnest
and sincere, but I know We are constant-
ly making mistakes."
Mr. Ober then brought up some of the
questions that had been mentioned to
him in regard to the construction of the
book and its use for Bahai children.
(Continued on page 7 3)

