STAR OF THE WEST 151
By God! In wealth fear is concealed and peril is hidden. Behold and then
reflect upon that which the Merciful One hath revealed in The Koran: "Woe
unto every maligner and backbiter who heapeth up riches and counteth them
over." There is no continuance in the riches of this world. That which is
subject to mortality and undergoeth a change hath never been and is not Worth
regarding. But as is well known, the purpose of this Oppressed One in enduring
these adversities and calamities, the revelation of the Verses and the manifesta-
tion of the Proofs, has been to quench the fire of hatred and animosity, so that
perchance the horizons of the minds of the people of this world may shine with
the light of concord and attain the real tranquillity. The sun of this explanation
is shining and arising from the horizon of the Divine Tablet; all must look
toward it.
people of the world! I enjoin ye to that which is the means of the elevation
of your station. Hold to the virtue of God and grasp the l1en1 of that which
is just. Verily, I say, the tongue is for mentioning that which is good; pollute
it not with evil speech. God hath forgiven ye that which is past; hereafter ye
must all speak that which is befitting. Avoid execration, reviling and that which
is aggravating to man.
The station of man is high. A short while since, this exalted \Vord was
revealed from the Repository of the Pen of ABHA: "This is a great and blessed
Day, but that which has been hidden in man is and shall be disclosed (in this
Day)/' The station of man is great if he holds to Reality and Truth, and
if he be firm and steadfast in the Commands. The true man appeareth before
the Merciful One like unto the heavens; his sight and hearing are the sun and
moon; his bright and shining qualities are the stars; his station is the highest one;
his traces are the educators of the existence. Every believer who hath found
the Perfume of the Garment i11 this Day and turneth with a pure heart toward
the Supreme Horizon, he is mentioned as one of the followers of upon
the red Page.
Take the Chalice of My Favor in My Name; then drink from It to My
Remembrance, the Dearest, the New!
people of the world! The Creed of God is for love and union; make it not
the cause of discord and disunion. In the sight of the men of discernment and
those who are holding to the Manifestation, that which is the means of preserva-
tion and the cause of the ease and tranquillity of the servants is revealed from
the Supreme Pen; but the ignorant of the earth who are fostered in ambition and
lust are heedless of the matured \7Visd0m of the True Wise One and are speaking
and working in imaginations and fancies.
saints of God and His loyal ones! Kings are the appearances of power and
the daysprings of the might and wealth of the True One. Pray in their
behalf, for the government of the earth is ordained to those souls; but the hearts
He hath appointed for Himself.
He hath forbidden dispute and strife with an absolute prohibition in the
Book (Kitab-cl-Akdas). This is the command of God in this Greatest Manifesta-
tion, and He hath preserved it from any order of annulment and hath adorned
it with the ornament of confirmation. Verily, He is the All-Knowing and the
All-Wise!
It is incumbent upon all to aid those souls who are the day-springs of authority
and the drawing-points of command, and who are adorned with the ornament
of equity and justice. Blessings be upon the princes and learned ones in BAHA.

