STAR OF THE WEST 39
Teheran, even if an hundred or a thou-
sand policemen are after me. I am not
afraid. I have many debts in the bazaar.
I owe money to many shopkeepers, and
before I leave this city I must pay off
all the debts. I do not want the peo-ple
to say afterward that the negro servant
of Baha'0'llah escaped without paying
his debts." Then he left us, and for one
month and a half he walked in broad
daylight in the streets and bazaars, and
finally succeeded in clearing off all his
financial obligations. All this time the
policemen were after him, but could not
catch him. Then, one night he appeared
again, and said: am now free. I have
actually paid all my debts and will leave
the city with a clear conscience." He
went to Mazandaran, and the governor;
who was not a Bahai, engaged him in his
service, made him the chief of his
equerry and protected him from the pur-
suit of his enemies. Years lapsed, and
the governor, being a religious man, de-
sired to make a pilgrimage to the holy
city of Karbala. Naturally, he took
with him Esfandayar, who by this time
had grown so much in his favor that he
could not bear to be separated from
him. When they reached the city of
Bagdad, Esfandayar was overjoyed to
stand again in the presence of Baha'o-
'llah, because he loved him most intense-
ly. He requested Baha'o'llah to keep
him, saying that he would rather leave
the governor and serve his old master.
But Baha'o'llah said to him: "You must
act in this matter in accord with the
Wish of the governor. You owe him a
debt of deep gratitude, because at a
time when your life was in danger, he
gave you a position and stopped the per-
secution of your enemies. Now, if he is
willing to have you remain with us,
we will accept you; otherwise you must
continue to serve him with the same
zeal and sincerity that you have served
us in the past."
Esfandayar went to the governor
and explained his case. He answered:
"It is impossible. I cannot find in this
Wide World another man as honest and
faithful as thyself. Thou must continue
to stay with me. I have grown to love
thee and will do everything to add to
thy comfort and happiness." Of course
Esfandayar was heartbroken over this
decision, but he had to abide by the de-
cision of the Blessed Perfection. He in
turn consoled him with his blessings
showered upon him. Esfandayar re-
turned to 1\/Iazandaran with the governor
and stayed with him until his last day.
Such was the sterling faithfulness of
Esfandayar that whenever I think of
him, my eyes grow dim with tears. He
was a king among men, a glorious star
in the heaven of humanity. Although
his face was black, his heart was white
as the snow. He was peerless and had
no equal. I cannot sufficiently praise
him. I love him. He was a glory and
a jewel on the crown of the colored race,
for his life was a noble record of proud
achievement, and the whole world may
learn a lesson from it.
"My home is the home of laughter and exultation"
From Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, March 26, 1914
WHILE Abdul-Baha was dictating
tablets this morning-, an Arab
was announced and after a few minutes
another one came in. Abdul-Baha in-
stantly saw that these grown-up children
of nature were not friendly with each
other and as a. subtle master of human
nature, he started immediately to estab-
lish conciliation between them. Each of
them sat there inwardly growling at his
enemy. At first Abdul-Baha spoke to
them in such a manner as to make them
laugh. They did not want to laugh,
neither did they Want to look at each
other, but they could not help doing
both. Then with his deep insight into
their hearts he said:
"Are not men really children'? The

