STAR OF THE WEST Z11
moved. Because this camel performed
such an important service and carried
such a heavy load, the Pasha had or-
dered that it could graze through any-
body's farm without any hindrance.
Having reached a station, the camel e11-
terecl the farm of a poor farmer. In
his absence he had left a young boy to
drive away the animals. On seeing the
camel the boy started to scare it away
by firing in the air with a small revolver.
"What are you doing, my boy?" a Haji
asked. want to scare away this
camel." don 't trouble yourself. On
the back of this camel a cannon is fired
twice daily, and it does not move. Do
not expect to scare him away with the
sound of a small, revolver."
Lesson: R-efutations written by the
missionaries are exactly the same.
(Words of Abdul-Baha. From Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Aug. 10, 1914.)
THE DEAD DOG.
The disciples of Jesus passing along
the road and seeing a dead dog, re-
marked how offensive and disgusting a
spectacle it was. The Christ turning to
them said, "Yes, but see how white and
beautiful are its teeth!" Thus teach-
ing that there is some good in every-
thing.
(From Ten Days in the Light of Acca,
page 109.)
THE CLAY BIRD.
In the Koran are many things refer-
ring to Christ not mentioned in the Gos-
pel. For instance: It is said that Christ
took a bit of clay and shaped it into the
form of a bird. Then he blew upon it,
and it flew away.
The interpretation of this is that the
bird symbolizes an man, who re-
ceived spiritual education through the
Christ. The story says: "He blew up-
on it, and it flew away." This means
that the man received the breath of Life
Eternal, and through this enlightenment,
soared into the Heaven of Knowledge.
(From My visit to Acca. M. A. L.)
THE NEED OF ONE LANGUAGE.
At the city gate four travelers sat, a
Persian, a Turk, an Arab and a Greek.
They were hungry and wanted their
evening meal. So one was selected to
buy for them all. But among them they
could not agree as to what should be
bought. The Persian said angoor, the
Turk uzum, the Arab Wanted aneb and
the Greek clamored for staphylion green
and black._ They quarrelled a11d wran-
gled and almost came to blows in trying
to prove that the particular desire of
each was the right food. When all of a
sudden there passed a donkey ladened
with grapes. Each man sprang to his
feet and with eager hands pointed out:
"See uzum!" said the Turk. "See
aneb!" said the Arab. "See ang0or!"
said the Persian. And the Greek said,
"See staphylion!" Then they bought
their grapes and were at peace.
(From Tea Days in the Light of
Acca.)
ii
TI-IE ARAB AND THE KING.
It is said that at one time a king went
out traveling incognito. He put on an
humble suit of clothes and started on his
way in a scorching desert and finally
reached the door of an Arab tent. The
Arab finding the man exhausted from
heat and hunger dragged him under the
shade. When the king was revived he
asked the Arab what he had to eat and
drink. have a goat skin of wine and
a little goat," the Arab answered. "Very
well, bring the wine and kill the goat to
be cooked," he said. The wine was
brought. When the king drank one cup
of wine he looked at the Arab and said:
"Do you know who I am?" 
"Then you must know that I am a sol-

