STAR OF THE WEST Ill
journeys and that you may return to
America with the utmost happiness and
safety. May you be confirmed in a great
service to the world of humanity. I shall
think of you continually and I shall
never forget this meeting at Tiberias."
In the afternoon, Abdul-Baha sat near
the window at the hotel and revealed tab-
lets for two of the friends who had de-
parted from this mortal World. The fol-
lowing is for the family of an old be-
liever known as Abdul-R-azzak:
my Lord- confirm these Thy serv-
ants and maid-servants with Thy ever
increasing mercy and complete bounty,
ordain for all of them immersion in the
seas of Thy mercy, attainment to Thy
generosity and bestowal, fulfillment of
Thy greatest hopes, possession of Thy
grandest gifts and bounty in the begin-
ning and in the end, so that the angels of
Thy mercy may commune with them in
the mornings and in the evenings. Ver-
ily, Thou art the Beloved, the Gen-
erous!"
The following is for Youssif (J oseph),
the father of a believer known as Abdul-
Ghany:
my God! my God! Verily, Thy
slave, Joseph, the faithful, ascended to
Thy supreme heaven hoping for Thy in-
numerable favors. Lord! reach him
with Thy forgiveness and pardon, my
Lord, the Merciful! Usher him to the
summit of paradise. Verily, Thou art
the Kind, the Bestower, and verily,
Thou art the Generous, the Forgiven"
Then Abdul-Baha spoke to the pil-
grims about the days of Christ and how
he Walked alone near the animals on the
shore of Lake Tiberias (Sea of Galilee) 
and concerning the people, how they
Were prevented from seeing and knowing
the Manifestation of God through their
blindness, in these days. Abdul-Baha
said: "The Supreme Bab was the prom-
ised one of the Koran, With regard to
the question of the Seal of the Prophets.
Mohammad was known as the Seal
of the Prophets. (The Mohamme-
dans think this title means that
no prophet will appear after Mo-
hammed.) This belief is not only lim-
ited to the Moslems. The ews be-
lieved that Moses was the Seal of the
Prophets, that he sealed the prophethood
of Laws. The Christians believe that
after Christ, no prophet with Laws will
come, but that Christ himself will de-
scend from heaven. Yes, these creatures
are not Waiting for the manifestation
of the Truth, they are Waiting for the
manifestation of their 0Wn superstitions.
For example, the Moslems are Waiting
for the Dedjal (false Christ or anti-
Christ) more than for the Kayem the
Forerunner or Precursor of the Manifes-
tation). They do not associate the ap-
pearance of the anti-Christ with the
Forerunner. Nay, rather they associate
the appearance of the Forerunner With
the appearance of the anti-Christ. This
(the anti-Christ) is known to them as
unlimited or independent, the Forerun-
ner as limited and dependent."
June 12, 1914.
'Nlieri speaking of readiness, capacity
and purity of hearts, Abdul-Baha said:
"Should a black stone be placed facing
the light of the sun, the signs of bril-
lianey would not appear, but, in the pure
mirror, the sun, with all of its attributes
and perfections, becomes reflected in-
st antly. 
Some Zoroastrian friend brought
fruits and vegetables for Abdul-B-aha,
but he ate only bread and hot milk. Then
he sat on the balcony facing the Sea
of Galilee. A long letter was read from
Mrs. Lua M. Getsinger, saying that
she was confirmed in giving the mes-
sage to more than one thousand people
at a meeting in India, that she answered
all of the questions asked by Mohamme-
dan and Zoroastrian nobles; also good
news about the spreading of the Cause
was received from Chicago, 'Washington,
New York, London and Stuttgart, all

