STAR OF THE WEST 143
two hours, in the presence of Abdul-
Baha and quaffed the clear water of his
holy words. He mentioned your n.ame
and Mr. R-alston's, and brought to mind
when you used to take him in your elec-
tric car to the Golden Gate Park. He
praised your devoted nature and your
loyal disposition, and prayed for your
success and prosperity, both i11 this
world and in the Kingdom. The news
about the progress of the Cause and the
awakening of hearts in the United
States has imparted to us life and hap-
piness. Referring to this question,
Abdul-Baha said today:
orcls of Abdul-Ba/la
am like a man who has lost the
most priceless jewel. He is seeking here
and searching there, perchance he might
find it and regain his old happiness and
assurance in its possession. The Blessed
Perfection knows that, day and 
nay rather, every hour--I am looking
toward the East and toward the I/Vest,
toward the North and toward the South,
to see whether severed and attracted
souls have arisen to teach the Cause of
God, to behold whether divine beings,
who are the jewels of the treasury of
the Spirit, are living 'in accordance with
the principles of this Revelation, to dis-
cern whether enkindled hearts are rais-
ing their clarion voices in the assem-
blages of mankind, calling them to the
Dawning-place of Truth and the Foun-
tain of Reality. These souls are my lost
jewels. I/Vhenever I find a trace of them
or someone gives me a clue about them,
I become infinitely happy a11d, adding to
my zeal, I continue my indefatigable
search. I pray to God that He may give
1ne many such jewels in America. My
hope is that every one of the believers
may become a brilliant jewel of the mine
of guidance and a shining star of the
heaven of virtue. Wlienever I hear that
such a soul is found, I praise the Blessed
Beauty for His favor and bounty and
beg Him to encircle him with the angels
of protection and the seraphs of preser-
vation."
Your kind and welcome letter of June
25, 1916, enclosing a petition for Abdul-
Bal1.a, reached me, and I read to him
the contents of both. He was most glad
to receive the good news of your health
and spirituality and that you have been
in California, associating with dear
Mrs. Goodall and her daughter. No
doubt you are now back again in New
York, co-operating with the friends in
that city in the service of the Kingdom.
The following is the translation of a
Tablet dictated in your name:
Tablet from Abdul-Ba/la to Mrs. Ralsion
thou my daughter of the Kingdom!
Thy letter full of significances im-
parted spiritual joy and stirred the
hearts into cheerfulness. It was an in-
dication of thy inward illumination and
a brilliant proof of the fact that
thou art. drawing the rays of Truth
from the fount of Mercy. From the
time of our separation up to this hour
thou wert and art ever in my mind. I
have not forgotten thee even for one
day, similarly Mr. Ralston; for both of
you are most dear to me. Praise be to
God, that your eyes are seeing and your
ears hearing and your hearts illumined
with the Light of the Most Great Guid-
ance. Your trip to New York was most
seasonable and the means of the tran-
quillity of heart and soul. I hope that
during this winter you may spend your
time with the utmost rejoicing, but you
must be present in the meetings
of the believers and become the means
of love and affinity of one toward an-
other. Soul-cheering news reaches us
from New York, that good-fellowship
is realized amongst the friends and
union and accord is perfect. I hope
that Mr. Ralston and thyself may be-
come the means of holding such meet-
ings, the harvests of which may be abun-
dant, day by day the believers may be-

