64- STAR OF
stand it,--if I am mistaken, Dr. Bagdadi
Will inform 
Dr. Bagdadi; "Delegate or non-dele-
gate, all those who received the report."
The Chairman: "The secretary will
call the roll."
The delegates arose and remained
standing during the calling of the roll.
The Chairman: "It appears officially
that the Convention has recorded its
unanimous approval and acceptance of
the report of the committee."
Mr. Gregory: suggest that We let
all the friends vote."
The Chairman: "All right. Kindly
sit down, you who are delegates. Now,
for a general which I know
many of you wish to make, those who
are not delegates, who are present, kind-
ly rise, if you share this feeling."
The remainder of the attendance at
the meeting arose to their feet.
The Chairman: "Are there any who
vote, no, on the motion'? If so, please
rise. It appears that by the unanimous
vote of the entire body gathered here
this morning, you have approved and
ratified the report in full of the Com-
THE WEST
mittee of Investigation on violation in
America. And I so declare it."
Mrs. Partridge: "May I say a word'?
I want to say in regard to violation, that
I straddled the fence on the Bahai
Cause for several years. I believed
in the teachings, as far as reasoning can
make one believe, but I saw nothing in
Baha'o'llah or Abdul-Baha but another
great leader, the same as in other 'isms'
that the world has offered. I don 't know
that I could have been persuaded to
wade through another. I was given the
compilation of tablets on violation by a
friend who knew that I would be just as
firm in my convictions, if I were con-
vinced, and she said to me, 'Read these",
I knew then that in my soul I felt there
was only one autocrat, that is God; the
whole spiritual realm is autocracy, and
one who enters the spiritual realm must
obey those commands and laws. One's
opinion is nothing. When I got that
revelation I knew I had the truth; and
I have not wavered one minute since."
After the chanting of a prayer by Mr.
\Villiams, the Convention adjourned to
three o'clock P. M. of the same day.
TUESDAY AFTERNOON SESSION,
Auditorium Hotel, ninth floor.
The Convention was called to order at
3 o'cl0ck P. M.
The Chairman: "Now, I feel that we
saved some time before we recessed, with
the very positive action that you took
regarding the committee 's report, and
that was one of the matters I thought
might take more time this afternoon.
Now, shall we devote the next hour to
the reports of the delegates; bearing in
mind the vital necessity of limiting these
reports to five-minute talks? It is very
important to save time and I know you
will realize it. I am sure you will bring
to us the message you have to bring, the
spiritual message from the different as-
semblies. Let us hear first from Miss
Alexander. 
Miss Alexander made an inspiring re-
port of her experiences in teaching the
Cause in Japan and read to the Conven-
tion translations of letters that had been
sent by some of the Japanese believers.
Mrs. Hoagg: move that we imme-
diately proceed to business."
Motion seconded.
The Chairman: "Th-w motion is that
we take up items of specific business at
this time. Are you ready for the ques-
tion? In voting upon that have in mind
that possibly the delegates may not be
able to report formally to the Conven-
tion, but perhaps informally tomorrow.
Those in favor say, aye."
Motion carried.
The Chairman: "The Convention will
proceed to business. WVhat is your
pleasure 

