STAR OF THE WEST 107
ness Christ became known after three
hundred years."
In the evening there was a general
meeting in the home of Abdul-Baha. Mr.
Rothchild, a great financier, visited
Haifa and Abdul-Baha talked about
wealth. He said in part: "Unless the
souls are believers in God and assured in
the verses of God, wealth causes the
hearts to be hardened and without
light." At the close of the meeting a
supplication of repentance, confession
and pleading written by Hadji Aly
Yazdi, was read in the presence of Ab-
dul-Baha and the hearts of -those who
were present became touched. They
turned their faces to the Horizon of the
Cause, and implored the Kingdom of the
Covenant and of the Beauty of Abha for
a new confirmation. (Hadjy Aly Yazdi
was at one time one of the nakezeen or
violators of the Covenant and he lives in
Acca.)
February 24, 1918.
Today, Abdul-Baha revealed tablets,
concerning deeds. In one of them he
says, "The deeds of man must be the
cause of glory. Everything that is con-
ducive to the honor of the religion of
God is good. Every action that becomes
the means of the elevation of the 'Word
of God is accepted. This is the stand-
ard."
Afterwards, a group of Arabs and a
Durzi Shiekh (a priest or chief of a sect
originally Mohammedan), went to see
Abdul-Baha and he talked to them about
the sublime qualities of the world of
humanity. He said: "Generosity, cour-
age, faithfulness, truthfulness, etc., are
all shining stars and brilliant planets.
They are the cause of the illumination of
hearts, of the assurance of souls, of the
honor and dignity of man in this world
and in the Kingdom."
Then Abdul-Baha spoke to the believ-
ers about the station of sanctity and sev-
erance. He said, "In this station, the
souls are tested. This is what 
LLAI-I said: 'By the life of God! all shall
be sifted just as the wheat is separated
from the tares. In a sieve they shall be
cleaned a11d purified from dust and
chaff'. Likewise, those whose actions
are good, will be distinguished from the
others. Therefore, in every cycle when
a sifting and a great testing occur, all
(the violators) will fall away except the
sincere souls, who come under the
shadow of the Word of God. The sea
does not accept the dead. The souls who
come under the shadow of the Cause of
God are holy and purified from all su-
perstitions. Consider the blessed souls
who were sent forth into Persia during
the beginning of the Revelation. All
have sacrificed their lives, given up their
possessions and homes, in the path of
God. But 011 the other hand, the deni-
ers, who arose in opposition, became oc-
cupied in vain pursuits and, night and
da.y, thought only of fame and easy life.
Their hearts Were not pure and their
souls were waning in hopes and desires.
This happens in every cycle. 'Can light
and darkness exist at the same 
ABDUL-BAHA AT THE SEA OF GALILEE
June 6, 1914.
Abdul-Baha uttered the following
words to a Persian family known as
Falah, who went to visit him at Tiber-
ias on the Sea of Galilee:
"In all the cities, the friends who are
firm and steadfast, become the cause of
guidance and illumination of the people.
They endeavor to elevate the hearts and
to enlighten the minds. For example,
an arid valley, deserts of sand and wa-
terless mountains which were near the
equator and subject to intense heat, be-
came the light of all the horizons and
the pilgrimage of the 'people of the

