222 STAR OF THE WEST
"Blessed is the one who has believed on Thee"
Extracts from The V'e's??teng Tablet which all pilgrims chant in the Tomb of

THE praise that appeared from Thy
supreme soul and the glory (El-
Baha) that dawned from Thy most
glorious (El-Abha) Beauty be upon
Thee, Thou Manifestation of the
Almighty, King of Immortality and
Lord of whomsoever is in earth and
heaven.
I testify that, by Thee was revealed
the Sovereignty of God and His domin-
ion and the greatness of God and His
might, and by Thee arose the suns of
eternity in the heaven of destiny and
dawned the invisible Beauty from the
horizon of Baha. And I testify that by
a. movement of Thy pen appeared the
order of Kaf and Nunt (be and it is)
the hidden mystery of God was mani-
fested, creation commenced and the
manifestations (prophets) were sent.
And I testify that by Thy Beauty ap-
peared the Beauty which is worshipped
and by Thy face was revealed the Face
of the Desired One, and by a word of
Thine a separation (differentiation)
affected the creation; the sincere ad-
vanced to the lofty summit and the
polytheists descended to the lowest state.
And I testify that whosoever knows
Thee verily knows God, and whosoever
attains Thy meeting has verily attained
the meeting of God.
Therefore, blessed is the one who has
believed on Thee, attained Thy good
pleasure, Walked about Thine abode and
presented himself before Thy throne.
ii
'*'Kaf (English) is the first letter of
the Arabic word "Kun" which signifies,
be. Nun (English) is.the last letter of
the Arabic Word "fayakun" which sig-
nifies, it 
Intercessi0n,a special teaching of this Religion
The following was sent by Miss Ethel Rosenberg from her notes while in Acca
1904. (Extract from the Teachings of Abdul-Baha.)
THE Master said that by the mercy
of God, not through His justice, the
condition of those who have died in sin
and unbelief can be changed. We are
to pray that their condition
may be changed. As we have the power
to pray for those souls here, so we shall
have the same power in the aft-er-life
in the Kingdom. The power of this
prayer of intercession is a special teach-
ing of this religion. To pray for the
dead was not given as a. special religious
command (of the divine Teachers) until
this day of the Blessed Perfection
The grace of effective
intercession is one of the perfeetions
belonging to perfect and advanced souls,
as well as to the Manifestations of God.
Jesus Christ had the power of interced-
ing for the forgiveness of his enemies
when on earth, and he certainly has this
power now!
Abdul-Baha never mentions the name
of a dead person without saying, "May
God forgive him!" or words to that
effect. He says, "Followers of the
prophets have also this power of pray-
ing for the forgiveness of souls; there-
fore we may not think that any soul is
condemned to a stationary condition of
suffering or loss, arising from their abso-
lute ignorance of God. The power of
effective intercession for them always
exists. All the people in the other world,
are they not the creatures of God'!
Tllerefore, they can progress in the other
world. As they can receive light from
supplication here, there they can also
receive light from supplication. The
rich in the other world can help the

