12 STAR OF
Beware lest sovereignty prevent thee
from the Sovereign; verily he hath come
with his Kingdom, and all the atoms cry
out, "The Lord hath come in his most
great glory!" The Father hath come,
and with him the Son, who crieth out in
the holy valley, "Here am I, my God, I
am ready!" Mt. Sinai surroundeth the
house, and the trees vociferously cry:
"The Generous hath come, mounting on
the clouds; blessed is he who advanceth
unto him, and Woe unto those who are
far off." Arise among the people with
this irresistible command, then summon
the nations to God, the Exalted, the
Great. Be not of those who call upon
him by a name among his names, and
when the named one comes, they turn
from him and pronounce sentence against
him with evident injustice. Consider,
then, and remember the days wherein
came the Spirit (Christ) and Herod
gave judgment against him. God helped
the Spirit (Christ) with the hosts of the
seen and the unseen and protected him
with the truth and sent him to another
land as a promise on his part.
of Baha'o'llah= Extract from
Tablet revealed for Czar of Russia.)
king of the earth, hear the voice of
this servant. Verily, I am a man who
hath believed in God and his signs, and
I have sacrificed myself in his way; to
this do the afilictions wherein I am-
the like of which none among mankind
hath borne !--testify, and my Lord the
All-knowing is the witness to what I say.
I have not summoned men unto aught
save unto thy Lord and the Lord of the
worlds. In love for him there hath come
upon me that whereof the of creation
hath not beheld the like. . . . .
king, verily I was as (any) one
among mankind slumbering upon my
couch. The gales of the All-glorious
passed by me and taught me the knowl-
edge of what hath been. This thing is
not from me, but from one (who is)
Mighty and All-knowing. And he bade
me proclaim between the earth and
I-I VV 
heaven, and for this hath there befallen
me that whereat the eyes of those who
know overflow with tears.
(Words of Baha'o'1lah: Extract from
Tablet revealed for Shah of Persia.)
thou Temple! We have made thee
a mirror for the kingdom of the names
to speak of my dominion among all the
creatures and summon all the people to
my meeting and beauty and to be a guide
to my obvious and upright path. We
have elevated thy name among the serv-
ants as a bounty on our 
I am the Ancient Bounty !--and adorned
thee with the embroidered garment of
myself and cast upon thee my Word
to use the authority in the Kingdom as
it pleaseth thee and to do what thou
willest. We have ordained to thee the
good of the heaven and earth so that
no good will be granted to anyone un-
less he enters thy shadow, as a com-
mand on the part of thy Lord, the
learned, the informed. And we have
given the rod of command and the div-
ination of authority to enable thee to
distinguish the wisdom of every ques-
tion. We have shown forth from thy
breast the seas of knowledge and revela-
tion in the celebration of thy Lord, the
Merciful, in order that thou shouldst
praise and be of the thankful. We
have chosen thee from among my crea-
tures and made thee the Manifestation
of my soul to whomsoever is in heaven
and earth.
(Words of Baha'o '1lah: Surat'uZ
Hykl, p. 51.)
people of the Son (Christians)!
We have sent unto you John the Bap-
tist (the Bab who was the precursor of
Baha') another time. Verily, he crieth
in the wilderness of The Began: 
creation of beings, make clear your eyes,
the day of vision and meeting hath
come nigh; and people of the Gospel,
prepare the way, for the day whereon
the Lord of Glory shall come, hath

