STAR OF THE 23
Talks by Abdul-Baha in the Holy Land
(Continued from page 19)
S-eyed Daoud and Abdul-Rahman Ef-
fendi Alossy, Were in the utmost hum-
bleness." . . . .
On December 22d, a great num-
ber of pilgrims from all parts of the
World gathered in Haifa. The large
home of Abdul-Baha was too small for
them all, so two meetings were held on
the same night. To the first gathering
Abdul-Baha spoke as follows: "You
are welcome, most welcome! 'We have
divided the friends into two groups,'
but the place is still too my
God, increase their number and bless
them!
"When I Was in Europe and America
I saw that some people Were saying,
'How can this Ca-use grow as these gray
bearded Persians imagine it Will? The
present world has changed and the time
when religion had influence has now
passed away.' I knew that they were
saying these things to themselves and so
at the end of the conversation I ex-
plained that when Christ was crucified
he had twelve disciples. One of them
denied him three times and another
sold him for a little money; notwith-
standing this, consider now how im-
portant was his cause. But at the time
of the departure of the Blessed Beauty
there were at least a hundred-thousand
souls who would sacrifice their lives for
him. These same thoughts that you have
now were also prevalent in Christ's time
and so little did they care for him that
it is not even known Where he was buried.
And three hundred years later, when St.
Helen went to the Holy Land, some peo-
ple, thinking of their own personal bene-
fit, Went to her and said, "We dug the
ground here and found the cross on
which they crucified his holiness,
Christ.' This was the foundation of the
tomb of Christ. It is not even known
where the tombs of Mary and the dis-
ciples are. The Catholics say that the
tombs of Paul and Peter are in Rome.
Others say that they are in Antioch.
They were so unimportant that one of
the philosophers of that time who wrote
a. book against Christ, said, 'This
person Christ, never existed and there
never was such a man. This is what
Paul and Peter have made up. A crim-
inal person was crucified in Jerusalem.
These two came and made him the
Christ, for their own interests.' Praise
be to God! in the days of the Blessed
Beauty, his Cause became famous in all
regions and all of his signs and friends
are known and manifest.
"The Persians used to ask, 'VVhat is
going to happen to Persia?' I said:
'The conditions existing now, are the
causes of destruction. These dissensions,
these parties, one democratic, another
constitutional, are destroying Persia day
by day. Compare the present conditions
of Persia. with those ten years ago. These
dissensions have destroyed Persia and
day by day, it is becoming worse.' They
asked, 'What will be the future'? I an-
swered, will give you an example
which illustrates the future of Persia.
It is sufficient and complete and you
should take it as a standard: Mecca is
a piece of stony land, a non-cultivated
valley, where even grass never grows. It
is a dry, intensely hot desert and is not
fitted to be inhabited. 'What would
thrive in a rocky, a.rid land"? But be-
cause it was the native land of his holi-
ness the l\-Iessenger, this rocky and stony
land became the center toward which
people in all regions turn their faces
and bow in prayer. From this, you
should see the future of Persia. This is
an illustration. An arid land, because it
was the native land of his holiness, the
Messenger, became the center of all the
horizons. But Persia is green and
verdant; it has beautiful roses; its cli-
mate is gentle and its Water is sweet.
From this you should measure what the

