56 A 
really in the tablet of Abdul-Baha. I
know a great many of us feel that this
committee has not been given any abso-
lute powers by Abdul-Baha. I do not
think We should consider it in that way
at all. It is rather a protective com-
mittee. Abdul-Baha, undoubtedly knew
that there was going to be a cutting of
communications, and thus provided for
our protection. In the past he has taken
care personally of a great many manu-
scripts. Now, in order to protect the
Cause against unwise statements, against
the statements of people who come in and
who are really inspired by the love of
the Cause but perhaps are not really
fundamentally established on the prin-
ciples, he has placed this committee and
the Convention as a sort of bulwark
around us. I think the very fact that
there is a committee has discouraged
some people, who otherwise might have
published things, if they were left to
their own initiative. . . .
"Now, in regard to the prayer books;
there are, I believe, one or two prayers
that are questioned. I think Abdul-Baha
has given certain definite instructions,
and it has been the desire of the Pub-
lications Committee, and Would be the
desire of the Publications Committee, I
know, if the question were raised in re-
gard to those particular things, to find
out what the instructions of Abdul-Baha
were. This Convention is only the ser-
vant of Abdul-Baha, and one word from
him would wipe out everything we would
do. So the Publications Committee is
merely the servant trying to protect the
Cause from the issuance of unwise pub-
lications. And where there has been any
real doubt, the Publications Committee
has rather tended to advise against the
publication. Of course, as a matter of
fact, the Words of God are 
Words of Baha'o'llah and the "Tords of
Abdul-P.aha--and if we had nothing else
we would have enough. If the authors
TI-IE WEST
insisted upon the publication of a man-
uscript about which the Publications
Committee had doubts, believing that it
ought not to be published, the entire
matter would come before the Conven-
tion to be finally passed upon in accord-
ance with the instructions. I feel that
has been the spirit of the Publications
Committee, and I think it should be the
spirit, as determined by the tablet it-
self."
Mr. Remey pointed out the necessities
of assisting the libraries in the classifi-
cation of Bahai books since in many
libraries at the present time are books
classed under the head of Bahai teach-
ings some of which have been written by
people who Were_ studying the Cause and
who were not accurate in their state-
ments and others who have been actually
opposing the Cause. He suggested the
possibility of having the Publications
Committee issue a statement indicating
the authentic Bahai publications for the
benefit of those who wish to get the Bahai
point of view.
Mrs. Coles stated that she felt very
strongly the necessity of filing a list of
those things which were absolutely fully
and purely the Bahai teachings as
against a list of those things that are
side by side on the shelves of the libraries
and which actually contain false teach-
ings. She told of her experience in buy-
ing a large number of books placed on
the table with the Bahai books in one
of the assemblies". Afterward it ap-
peared that some of the teachings were
false. Her point was that now from this
day forth there should be in the heart
of every Bahai in the country the con-
sciousness that each book that goes forth
with the stamp of approval of the Pub-
lications Committee has in it only the
pure teachings of God in this day for the
redemption of the world. That, it
seemed to her, was one of the first steps
in this great responsibility which is ours.
(Continued on page S7)

