110 STAR OF
and corruptions, who brought hardships
and afflictions upon the friends, think
that they shall attain the greatest ease
and ha.ppiness. But they have failed and
lost all and their own households have
been scattered to the winds. What have
the people of Persia to say"! All of this
they have seen with their own eyes.
With their ears, they have heard that no
trace is left of a soul, who had enmity
towards the friends of God. Are they
not yet awakened'? Have they not yet
arisen from the sleep of heedlessness?"
After having talked on the subject
of Socialism from a Bahai standpoint to
a minister who had come to see him,
Abdul-Baha said: "His Holiness the
Christ came to spread the law of love.
The appearance of the Messengers and
the revelation of the Books were for the
promulgation of the law of lo-ve. But
the souls with self-interest have made
religion the cause of hate and animosity.
They have stirred up among mankind
quarrels and strife. Why should We op-
press or be unjust to other religions?
Wlhy should We not love one another?
Why should We curse and execrate?
Every one of us must be the center of
love, the sun of love, the sea of love, the
star of love, the light of love and the
heaven of love. We must be kind to
all, wish no evil to anyone and know
that all humanity is from one progeny."
June 9, 191-1.
The following tablet was revealed to-
day for the friends in the Orient, at Ti-
berias, the Sea of Galilee:
IS con!
"With regard to the assembly, there
must be spiritual consultation therein;
discourses about the manifestation of the
Greatest Orb, the effulgence of the Sun
of Reality, the greatness of the blessed
Cause, the power and penetration of the
VVord of God, the might of the divine
Covenant and Testament must be men-
tioned. This will be conducive to the
spirituality and illumination of the
THE WEST
hearts. Every discussion besides this,
will not give complete results. There-
fore, you must have no secrets in your
assembly and no word should be spoken
that, Were it made public, might be the
cause of depression or sorrow to any
soul.
"The utterances of all must be concen-
trated in consultations concerning
teaching and the promulgation of the
Cause of God. In this way, there will
be no secrets that might be spread. We
have nothing to conceal, thanks be to
God. We are famous for our devotion
and all of the creatures jeer at us for
our love in the path of God. Besides
this we have no aim. It is impossible to
have a secret that will not spread. It
has been tried many times, especially
when among a number of souls. It is
said that every secret going beyond two
people will _go farther, because every
member of the assembly must have a con-
fidant in whom he has perfect trust, and
oneness of condition. That person also
has a confidant and, unquestionably,
will not keep it from him. Therefore,
it is much better not to have -among you
privacy and secrecy. May all of our
secrets be a sacrifice to the secret of
and all of our confidentials be a
ransom to Him. The secrets of 
are: The oneness of the world of human-
ity, universal love, mercy and compas-
sion to the broken-hearted, sympathy to
the suffering, peace and happiness to the
world of humanity, merciful breath, at-
traction to the fragrance of God, sever-
ance of the heart from attachment to the
transitory world, liberty, purity, relief
from Worries and anxieties of the earth,
etc. Should such secrets spread they
would become the cause of the life of the
world."
(Signed) ARDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
June ll, 1914.
Abdul-Baha went to bid farewell to
Mr. Newman and his companions. He
said: pray that God may aid your

