STAR OF THE WEST 14-1
from the believers either in the East or
in the Vi/lest and thus we were totally
cut oif from communicating with them.
Even our hopes failed us and, like unto
a mirage, would tantalize us to keep on
hoping against hope without ever realiz-
ing them. We had begun to think that
our condition was fixed and eternally
unchangeable and thus to hope for a
change or improvement of our environ-
ment was utter folly.
But God destined it otherwise. Our
bonds had to be broken some day. Our
limitations had to be done away with.
Our misery and monotony had to be re-
placed by joy and new scenes and the
cycles of sleep, which had passed over
Palestine, had to be followed by years
of civilization and culture. The proph-
ecies of the Old Testament had to be-
come fulfilled and they could not be
possibly fulfilled under the old corrupt
regime of the Turks.
In short, dear friends, we are all free.
. . . . .The years of silence have
passed--the sunof a better day is dawn-
ing from the horizon of Palestine. All the
people are rejoicing and praying for the
speedy arrival of a general peace between
all the nations of the world and the
establishment of a closer bond of union
among all the races. This is the wish of
all the God-fearing men and women
wherever they may be found.
Hoping to hear from you very soon so
that we may know what you have been
doing during the past three years, I am
Your faithful brother,
Ahmad Soh-rob.
EXTRACT FROM LETTER TO MR. ALFRED E. LUNT
To the STAR on THE WEs'r:
. . . . The enclosed words are from a. letter just received by me from Mirza Alimad Sohrab. These are
the words 0_f Abdul-Baha expressed, as Mirza. Ahmad says. many times during the last months. Certainly they
are full of s1gnificance. . . . Faithfully yours. Alfred E. Lunt.
Recent Words of Abdul-Baha
The darkness of this gloomy night shall passe away. Again the Sun of
Reality will dawn from the horizon of the hearts. Have but
do not sit idle; work while you are waiting; smile while you are wearied with
monotony; be firm while everything around you is being shaken; be joyous
While the ugly face of despair grins at you; speak aloud while the malevolent
forces of the nether world try to crush your mind; be valiant and courageous
while men all around you are cringing with fear and cowardice. Do not yield
to the overwhelming power of tyranny and despotism. Serve the cause of
democracy and freedom. Continue your journey to the end. The bright day
is coming. The nucleus of the new race is forming. The harbinger of the
new ideals of international justice is appearing. The trees of hope will become
verdant; the copper of scorn and derision will be transmuted into the gold of
honor and praise; the arid desert of ignorance will be transformed into the
luxuriant garden of knowledge, the threatening clouds shall be dispelled and
the stars of faith and charity will again twinkle in the clear heaven of human
consciousness.
LETTER TO MR. JOSEPH H. HANNEN.
Haifa, Palestine,
September 26, 1918.
To Mr. Joseph H. I-Iannen,
Washingtonvery dear brother in the holy Cause:
The most glorious news that I can just
now impart to you is the perfect health
of the beloved Abdul-Baha and his dear
family. Details I can give you in fu-
ture, but just now my heart is overflow-
ing with a multitude of sentiments and
a host of feelings, that I do not know

