STAR OF THE WEST 5
"Baha'0'llah is the Promised One expected
by all nations"
A COMPILATION BY MRS. MARY M. RABB
From the Words of Baha'o'llah and Abdul-Baha in Books and Tablets indicated.
I-IE promised one of all the nations
of the world has become apparent
and manifest. Each community
and religion expects the coming of their
promised one, and his highness, Baha'-
o'llah, is the promised one of all. There-
fore, the Cause of Baha'o'l1ah is con-
ducive to harmony, raises the canopy of
the oneness of the kingdom of humanity
upon the apex of the contingent beings,
and unfurls the ensign of universal
brotherhood and ideal commonwealth
upon the summit of the hills and moun-
tains.
(Words of Abdul-Baha; Extract from
Tablet revealed for an American Bahai;
translated by Mirza Sohrab, December
14, 1908).
Praise be to God, he hath appeared
with a luminous countenance. Verily,
the promised one is his highness,
Baha'o'llah, who hath dawned from the
eastern horizons like unto a glorious
sun and hath diffused the rays of the
most great guidance the heavenly
teachings), in all the countries of the
world.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Extract from
Tablet to Los Angeles assembly of Ba-
hais; translated July 10, 1913.)
All the prophets, during their appear-
ance, announced to the people the com-
ing of another prophet and recorded a
sign for the subsequent manifestation,
as stated in the books.
(Words of Baha'0'llah: Book of
I gha/n, p. 9.)
Regarding the appearance of Christ,
there were many prophecies in the Bible
which foretold his coming. . . . . The
teachings of Moses were like a seed, but
when the seed grew into a plant and
bore blossom, then fruit--the fruit sig-
nified Christ, who was the result of all
the teachings of Moses. . . . As to the
Manifestation (Baha'o'llah) all the
religious books in the world bear wit-
ness to him. The Magis have resisted the
Mohammedans for nearly 1400 years,
refusing to accept Mohammedanism,
and suffered great persecutions. They
accept and believe in the Manifestation
(Baha'o'llah), because of the prophecies
of their books. The Jews would not ac-
cept Christ, but, because they see their
Bible prophecies literally fulfilled, they
are becoming believers in great numbers.
All of the Koran bears witness to the
coming of God. It is said: people,
you will meet God in the flesh; you will
visit him."
(W'ords of Abdul-Baha: From notes
of Mrs. Sarah Herron, 1900).
thou who art looking for the King-
dom of God! Thy letter was considered.
Glad tidings be unto thee for thy su-
preme Wish became manifest in the as-
semblage of the world. The spacious
Kingdom was newly adorned, and like
unto paradise, manifested beautiful
scenes. The King of the Kingdom estab-
lished his canopy in the center of the
universe. The Sun of Truth dawned and
the light of God appeared. The banner
of holiness was lifted up and the
Holy Spirit began its work of confirm-
ing. The fragrance of God emanated
and his divine Spirit conferred life.
Turn absolutely to that Kingdom, and
thou wilt see, at every moment, new
manifestations.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Extract from
Tablet to American believer, dated
February 12, 1904).

