STAR OF TI-IE WEST 21
Letter from Secretary of Bahai Assembly of Chicago
To the Bahai Assemblies throughout America--Greeting:
"The Executive Board has voted to accept the- invitation of the House of
Spirituality on behalf of the Chicago Assembly to hold the Convention and
the Congress in Chicago at the Auditorium Hotel. The first session of the con-
ventio-n Will be at 10 a. m. of April 29th and will continue through the 80th."
(Copy of telegram from Secretary of Bahai Temple Unity.)
Therefore, We address this letter to the friends in all the cities where the
beloved Cause has been reflected and invite them to join us here, in the celebra-
tion of the glorious feast of Rizwan, on Saturday evening, April 27th, prior
to the opening of this Tenth Annual Convention and Bahai
Congress, in order that the fragrances of that joyful gathering may become as
an invocation to the momentous Work to be undertaken 0-n behalf of the erection
of the Mashral:-ell-Azkar by the delegates chosen for that purpose from the
different cities.
Whether you can come or not, let use all pray that our coming together
this year may yield such fruits as Will gladden the heart of Abdul-Baha. Then
let us Work together in the protection of the Covenant so that not only the
Mashrak-el-Azkar Will be realized, but the Cause of God will be furthered to
such an extent as has not been seen before,
Vile hope that as many as can Will come. The Chicago Assembly is eagerly
awaiting you and is planning to avail itself of the opportunity to be of service
to the servants of Abdul-Baha. . . . .
With Bahai love and greeting,
BAHAI ASSEMBLY OF CHICAGO.
Carl Schefiler, Secretary.
Letter from Secretary of Bahai Temple Unity
To the Bahai Assemblies of North America and the Occident--Crreetings:
Pursuant to the constitution and by-laws of the Bahai Temple Unity of
Illinois and at the direction of the Executive Board, I hereby notify you that
the Tenth Annual meeting of the Bahai Temple Unity Will be held at Chicago,
Monday, April 29th, and Tuesday, April 30th, 1918, at the Auditorium Hotel.
The first session Will begin at 10 o'elock in the morning of April 29th, followed
by sessions in the afternoon and on Tuesday.
As a constituent member of the Unity..assembly is
entitled to send . . . . . . .
. .delegate- to this Annual Meeting and Convention of the
Corporation and your assembly is hereby called to meet forthwith to elect such
delegate (also an alternate) who shall be the representative of your assembly, to
serve for the term of one year in the National Body as provided by Article IV
of the Constitution.
A certificate of election of both delegate and alternate, should be in the
hands of the Secretary of the Bahai Temple Unity not later than April 20th.
For the purpose of guidance, the following Words of Abdul-Baha are repro-
duced here, in order that your assembly may conform completely to the instruc-

