22 STAR OF THE WEST
tions and requirements of the Center of the Covenant. These instructions
should be your standard in determining the qualifications necessary for one
to be a delegate, an alternate, or an elector.
In 1912, shortly before the election of the House of Spirituality, of Chicago,
Abdul-Baha was asked: "What are the qualifications necessary for the mem-
bers of the House of Spirituality?" Abdul-Baha replied: "They must be souls,
well known as Bahais, firm and steadfast in the Covenant. The greatest require-
ment is to be firm and steadfast in the Covenant."
Again he was asked: "If at the time of an election many are brought in
who seldom attend the meetings, in order to cast their votes, what shall we do?"
Abdul-Baha answered: "The members of the Spiritual Assembly must be well
known and firm Bahais. Those souls who come once in a While to the meetings
are not Bahais. 
Some one suggested getting up a circular letter to be signed by those pres-
ent at the election in which their beliefs are stated, especially regarding firmness
in the Center of the Covenant. Abdul-Baha answered: "Some one might sign
it falsely. These electors must be well known and qualified Bahais. . . 
(Notes taken by Mirza Mahmood.)
The object and aim of the Convention is the building of the Temple of
God, the Mashrak-el-Azkar. All our energies must be sacrificed to the attain-
ment of this great object in the inner and outer world in these days, while the
beloved Abdul-Baha, is amongst us.
During the past year the Cause of God, and the world have witnessed
events of the utmost importance. Praise be to God, the Bahais following the
example of Abdul-Baha are engaged in supplicating to God, that all the heed-
less souls may be forgiven, and that through a Wave of the divine mercy, the
world of beings may attain capacity, and find rest and composure under the
canopy of truth and faithfulness.
May the love of God, attract all hearts and the glory of God, become
manifest in all our deliberations and may our deeds find divine acceptance at
the holy threshold. The bounties of the Kingdom are outpouring, the frag-
rances of the divine garden are being inhaled by those whose spiritual nostrils
are opened, a new consciousness and new life is quickening the hearts and souls.
May We all, revolving around the basis of unity, the Covenant of God,
attain through purity of purpose and intention, such spiritual power that the
world of man will b-ecome conscious of its spiritual Center.
Faithfully yours, in His love,
EXECUTIVE BOARD, BAHAI TEMPLE UNITY,
Harlan F. Ober, Secretary.
friends, know that the believers of God must be the cause of union and
love among all mankind, and until they attain to perfect harmony and agree-
ment they will not become the remedy for the healing of this sick world. From
the very beginning of the Mashrak-el-Azkar in Ishkabad, Russia, day by day,
everything has been in perfect harmony, until the believers there accomplished
their aim, and it was builded easily, for it was builded by love. Now I hope
that in America it will be the same as in Russia, and the Mashrak-el-Azkar there
be erected by the power of the union and love existing among the believers.
(Extract from message to the American believers, revealed by Abdul-Baha,
Acca, Syria, January, 1909; translated by his daughter,' Monever Khanum.)

