STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post ofiiceiat Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, I879.
R. GERTRUDE ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary AHMAD SOHRAB
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add suflicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, U. S.A.
TABLET FROM AB DUI.- BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS cool
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these_depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! ABDUL-BAI-IA ABBAS. 
Vol. IX iBaha 1, 7'l (March 21, l9l8) No. 1
The Feast of aurooz (N cw Day)
Talk by Abdul-Baha on the Feast of Naurooz, March 21st-, 1912, at Victoria Hotel,
Alexandria, Egypt. Eighty-five believers were then eating
dinner at his table.
CCORDING to the ancient customs
A every one of the nations have gen-
eral holidays when all the people
become happy and enjoy themselves.
That is, they choose the day of the year
wherein a great event or a glorious mat-
ter occurred. On that day, they manifest
great joy and happiness. They visit one
another. If there are any feelings of
bitterness among them they become
reco-nciled on that day, hard heart-
ed feelings pass away and they unite
and love each other. As great events
occurred on the day of Naurooz for the
Persians, therefore, that nation made it
a national feast and considered it as a
holiday.
This is indeed a blessed day because it
is the beginning of the temperate sea-
son and the commencement of spring-
time in the northern hemisphere. All
things whether trees, animals
or human become refreshed; they re-
ceive power from the life-giving breeze
and obtain a new life; a resurrection
takes place, and because it is the season
of springtime there is a general marvel-
ous activity in all contingent beings.
There was a time when the Persian
dynasty became extinct and no trace re-
mained thereof. On such a day
(Naurooz) it became renewed. Jam-
ascended the throne? Persia be-
came happily settled. Its power, which
had been dissipated, once more returned.
The hearts and souls became possessed
with wonderful susceptibilities, to such
a degree that Persia became more ad-
vanced than it was in former days, un-
der the sovereignty of Kayomrth and
Hoshang. The glory and greatness of
the government and nation of Persia
took a higher station. Likewise, a great
many events occurred upon the day of
Naurooz that brought honor and glory
to Persia and to the Persians. There-
fore, the Persian nation, for the last
five or -six thousand years, has always
considered the Feast of Naurooz as a day
of national happiness and until now it is
sanctified and recognized as a blessed
day.
Briefly, every nation has a day known
as a holiday which they celebrate with
 About 3000 B. C.

