STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strength-
lled it hall - th fru't1ess
ened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race annu . 0 e, ese 1
strifes; these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IX Massa'ul 1, 74- (December 12, 1918) No. 15
"Although the tempest and the hurricane were intense and
violent, yet, praise be to Qod, the Ark of Salvation reached
the haven of security, while protected and guarded."
FIRST TABLET REVEALED FOR BAHAIS OF PERSIA SINCE OPEN-
ING OF DOORS OF HOLY LAND

To his honor Agha Sayad asrollah him be
BAHA 'o H--EL-ABHA 
HE IS 
thou who art firm in the Covenant!
It was a long time since the thread of correspondence had
been entirely broken, and the hearts were affected with sorrow and
agitation. Now, praise be to God, that in these days, through
divine favor, the black clouds are dispersed and the light of com-
posure and tranquillity has enlightened this region; the
tyrannous government is done away with and followed by
a just administration. All the people are delivered from
the most great hardship and the most difficult affliction.
In this huge tempest and violent revolution, in which all
nations of the World were caught and were involved in dire
calamity, cit
Ilaged and taken as booty, the cries and lamentations
ties were pi
of the helpl
the tears fal
rent in all 
be to God, 
fection and
even a sing
ies were destroyed, people were slaughtered, proper-
ess ones Were raised from every prominent spot and
ling from the eyes of the orphans like a flowing tor-
he low countries--under all these conditions, praise
at through the favor and bounty of the Blessed Per-
:1
because the believers of God have lived in accord with
the lordly te
Te particle of dust settled on the face of a believer.
achings, they have been protected and guarded. Not
Verily, this is a most great miracle which cannot be denied ex-
cept by every stiff-necked transgressor! It has meanwhile be-
come evident and manifest that the holy teachings of His High-

