STAR OF THE WEST 209
ABDUL-BAHA AT THE NINETEEN-DAY FEAST
[Qontinued from page 204]
balcony of the stairway and. raising his hands
in blessing, pronounced a benediction]
kind Lord, verily this assemblage -is long-
ing for Thee and loving 'Thy beauty. Verily,
these friends are set aglow with the fire of
Thy love and are joyful because of Thy pres-
ence. They h-ave turned to Thy kingdom,
seeking naught but Thy good pleasure, desiring
naught but to pursue Thy pathway, and seek-
splenrlor, waft over them the breeze of Thy
providence, and pour upon them the rain of
bestowals from the clouds of Thy generosity.
Thus these souls, like the flowers of the rose
garden, shall grow in verdure and freshness,
and among all mankind shall they be redolent
of delightful fragrance.
Lord, confirm them all in Thy service,
and aid them in guiding others to Thee.
x~
Abdul-Baha with the children on the steps of the home of Mrs. Goodall,
October 12, 1912.
ing naught save Thy good will. Not a day
passes but they are occupied with Thy com-
memoration and are ever ready to serve Thee.
God, illumine these hearts. God, make
joyous these lives. Lord, suffer these souls
to attain to the superlative degree of spirit-
uality in the world of humanity. Lord,
suffer these. souls to become truly distin-
guished, and make them the manifestors of
Thy favor and the 'recipients of Thy good
gifts. Shine upon them" with Thy radiant
Brighten the eyes through witnessing Thy
great signs; fill the ears with harmonies
through Thy melodies; and refresh the nos-
trils through the fragrances of Thy King-
dom. Confer upon these souls the life ever-
lasting, gathering them all together beneath
the tabernacle of the oneness of the world of
humanity.
Verily, Thou art the Almighty! Verily,
Thou art the Powerful! Verily, Thou art the
Giver of good gifts!
A SILVER VASE in commemoration of the
visit 0f_ Abdul-Baha to America. is tb Ibe placed
in ,the Holy Tomb of By the earn-
est solicitation of Mr. Edward Kinney and about
thirty of the New York Bahais, the gracious per-
mission of the Centre of the Covenant, Abdul-
Baha, was given this project after he had declined
personal gifts. All who desire may contribute any
sum to this sacred purpose. It is preferred that
the contributions be sent through the Treasurer
of the various Bahai centres of America. When
this is not possible, it can be sent direct to Mrs.
Edward Kinney, 276 West 86th street, or to Mr.
James F. Brittingham, 894 Prospect avenue, New
York City, who is acting as the Treasurer of the
fund.

