STAR OF THE WEST 253
destroy-ed, a.nd their crowns thrown to the
dust.
"But the signs of any 0-ne of the maid-serv-
ants of God who arose in the diffusion -of the
Fragrances of God, serving the Kingdom of
God, summoning the p-eo-p-_le to the W0-rd of
God, are widely spread eternally and handed
down through centuries and cycles; her dawn
is ever lum-inous; her star always shining;
her flag continually flying; her station divinely
glorified; her crown scintillating; her mes-
sage living; her tame immortal; her voice
resona-nt, her spirit in the apex -of the King-
dom and her elfulgence in the horizon of the
Realm -o-f Might.
beg of God to make thee 0-ne of these
maid-servants."
Extract from Tablet by ABDUL-BAHA.
Quoted in "Diary of Miirza Ahmad Sohrab,"
Iuly 14, 1913.
The Superlative Degree of Success and
Prosperity
ye believers of God! Sup-plicate and
en-treat at the Threshold of the Almighty to
con-firm you in the diffusion oi the Fragrances
of Holiness which are waiting from the di-
rection of the Garden of God. Blow ye over
all creation like the breezes of the ea.rly morn,
and im.p~art ye freshness and verdancy, through
the Power of Truth, upon the flowers, sweet
hyacinths and the roses of the garden of ex-
istence. This is the quintessence of meeting
and the superlative degree of success and
it causes the attainment of
man to the Kingdom of ABI-IA, attracts him to
the Sacred Court of His Highness the Al-
mighty, and suffers him to reach the Sub-lime
Presence of the Powerful and Omnipotent
Lord."
Extract from Tablet by ABDUL-BAHA.
Quoted in "Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,"
July 21, 19-13.

Attracting Souls to the Kingdom of ABHA
"If thou desirest to be confirmed in the
service of the Kingdom of God, live in accord
with the Teachings of and that
is :~rcal love for the world of humanity and
the utmost of kindness for the believers of
God. This real love, like unto the magnetic
power, attracts the Divine confirmations."
"If a soul calls the People to the 
of God according to the Principles of BAHA-
OJLLAI-I, there will be many listeners, First
one must teach by deeds; then speak The
'\/Vord! First one must become thirsty; then
the salubrious wa-ter be offered. No matter
how delicious the water is, one who is not
thirsty will not enjoy it. Therefore, make
ye an efiort so that the People may become
flrirsty; then cause them to quaff from the
Divine Chalice."
Extract from Tablet by ABDUL-BAHA.
Quoted in "Diary of Mlirza. Ahmad Sohrab,"
Iuly 24, 1913.
The difors.
 
CERTAIN NEW TEACHINGS OF THE BAHAI REVELATION
NOT FOUND IN THE RELIGIOUS BOOKS OF THE PAST.
Address by Abdul-Baha at 780 West End Avenue, New York City, December 2, 1912.
Ish'te'al Elan-Kalanter interpreter; stenographic notes by Esther Foster.
OU are all welcome! This is a good as-
semblage. Praise be to God, the hearts
are directed to the Kingdom of 
The souls are rejoiced by the glad-tidings of
God. This is an excellent gathering.
This evening I wish to speak to you con-
cerning the special teachings of 
All the teachings which have been given dur-
ing the pas-t days and ages are to be found in
the Revelation>> of but in addi-
tion to those, this Revelation has certain new
teachings which are not to be found in any of
the religious books of the past. I shall now
refer to some of the new teachings given by
as for -the rest of them you
may obtain them from the Tablets and Epistles
written by for the new teachings
given by are many.
While in the Hidden Words we read con-
cerning that which has descended upon the
Prophets of the past,* yet there are in the
Hidden Words teachings which are new and
particular to this Revelation. Then the Tablet
of the revealed by 
contains special teachings. The Tablet by

*Refers to the introductory paragraph of the Hid-
den Words, as follows: "This is that which descend-
ed from the Source of Majesty, through the tongue of
Power and Strength _up0'n the Prophets of the past.
We have taken its essences and clothed them with the
garment of brevity, as a favor to the beloved, that
they may fulfil The Covenant of that they may
perform in themselves that which He has entrusted to
them, and attain the _victory by virtue of devotion in
the land of the Sp11'1t."

