220 STAR OF
being submerged in the sea of materialism,
and all occupied with the world. They enter-
tain no thought save that of the possession
of this earth, having no desire save this fleet-
ing mortal world. Man's utmost desire seems
to be to obtain for himself a livelihood, com-
fort of mortal type and to be content with
simply thephysical enjoyments which consti-
tute the happiness of the world of the animals,
and not the happiness of the human World.
The honor of man is dependent upon an-
other type; the happiness of man is of another
kind; the benediction ofman is of another
type; the joy of man is through the glad-
ticlings of God. The honor of man is through
the -attainment of the knowledge of God,
the happiness of man is through the Love of
God, and man'.s greatness is dependent upon
his'servitude=to God. The utmost develop-
ment of man is in being ushered into the
Kingdom; and the result of human exist-
ence is the quintessence of eternal existence.
If man becomes bereft of these Divine be-
stowals, and if his joy and happiness be
confined to the material kind, then what
distinction or difference is there between the
animal and man, for the. animal happiness is
greater in magnitude, as its means of liveli-
hood are more feasible! Man must strive in
order to acquire natural livelihood, and in
order that he may be comfortable; but 1nan's
need is in the acquisition of the. Bounties of
God. If, from the bounties of God, spirit-
ual susceptibilities, and spiritual glad-tidings,
man becomes bereft, his life in this world has
not yielded any worthy fruitage; but, together
with the physical life, he should be possessed
of the spiritual life; together with the physical
comforts he should enjoy spiritual comfort;
with the bodily pleasures he should enjoy Di-
vine pleasures; then man may be worthy of
the title man, then will man be the kind of man
of whom it was said, is after our own
image and the image of the
Merciful consists of the attributes of the King-
dom. If in his soul there be no fruits of the
Kingdom, then man is not after the image and
likeness of God; but if there are, he should
be the recipient of the ideal bestowals, and
should acquire the fire of the Love of God.
If his morals be spiritual in character and if
his efforts be heavenly in type, and if his con-
duct be that of the Kingdom, then is man after
the image and likeness of God; otherwise he is
the image and likeness of satan. Therefore,
THE WEST
His Holiness, Christ, said: "Ye shall know
them by their f1'm'ts."
What are the fruits of the human world?
They are the fruits of man. If man be bereft
of those fruits, he is precisely like a tree, fruit-
less, and the man whose effort is lofty, who has
self-reliance, will not be content with suffering
his life to be entirely animal in type. He will
seek to be one of the Kingdom, he will long
to be in heaven, though he might be walking
on earth; though his outward visage be 
in form, he will endeavor to have his real,
innate visage that of heaven. Until this sta-
tion be attained by man, his life will be utterly
devoid of results. The span of life will pass
away, in eating, drinking and sleeping, and
then this life will be left with no results. no
fruits, no traces, no illumination, no potency,
no spirituality, no life everlasting, and no ar-
rival at the plane of the utmost attainments of
the human world! Hence you must thank God
that your efforts are great, that your endeavors
are worthy, that your attention is towards the
Kingdom of God, and that your utmost inten-
tion, or desire, is the acquisition of the efforts
of the human World.
Therefore, you must act in accordance with
these requisites. Man may be a Bahai, but he
may be Bahai in name only; but if he is in
reality a Bahai, he will arise to achieve deeds
which are proofs decisive concerning the valid-
ity of his being a Bahai. And what are they?
They are as follows:
L02/e to all mankind; sincerity towards all
humanzty; the spreading of the Princijrles con-
cerning the oneness of the world of humanity;
philanthropic life for all ntank'z'nd,' and that
consists in -being set aglow with the fire of
the Love of God, which consists in the attain-
ment to the Knowledge of God, and that which
is towards the general welfare.
This evening we were speaking of the
Persian friends ,and their utmost fellowship
towards each other. They manifest such love
that they can be called lovers. For example,
if one of the friends of God were to arrive in
this city, all his friends would be joyous about
it, and they Would assemble together in a meet-
ing with him. If he were ill, they would care
for him; if he were sad, they would com-
fort him. From every standpoint they Would
care for him to such a degree as to give one to
understand that there is a relationship amongst
them. All other nations are astounded at this
relationship. They inquire as to the character
[Continued on page 226]

