STAR OF THE WEST 87
tory, we find that the greatest philosophers
were 'at most enabled to educate themselves.
If they educated others, it was within a
limited circle; but they failed to give a gen-
eral education. The Divine Power, however.
the Power of the Holy Spirit, conferred this
general education.
For example, His Holiness Christ educated
universally. Numerous nations, numerous
peoples He rescued from the world and bond-
age of idolatry. He summoned them all to
the Oneness of God. They were dark, they
became illumined; they were material, they be-
came spiritual; they were they became
heavenly. He illumined the world of morality.
And this general education is not possible
through the power of philosophy. This is
possible through the power of the Breaths of
the Holy Spirit. That is why no matter how
far the world of humanity advances, it fails
to reach the highest degree except through
the Breaths of the Holy Spirit; through spir-
itual education and Divine bestowals. They
insure progress and prosperity.
Therefore I exhort you that you may be
thinking of developing your spirits. Just as
you have striven along material lines and have
reached this degree, may you likewise advance
in order that your spirits may become strength-
ened, your spiritual susceptibilities increased,
your devotion to the Kingdom of God aug-
mented. May you be recipients of the Holy
Spirit, be aided in the world of morality, and
attain ideal power, so that the sublimity of the
World of mankind may become apparent in
you. Thus may you attain the highest happi-
ness, the life eternal, the glory everlasting, be
born again and become the manifestations of
the bestowals of God,

TALK GIVEN BY ABDUL--BAHA AT 309 W. 78TH
NEW Yoax CITY, JULY 5, r912.*
[The question was asked Abdul-Baha: "You
have stated that 'we are living in a Universal
Cycle the first Manifestation of which was
Adam and the Universal Manifestation of
which is Does this imply that
other Universal Cycles preceded this one and
that all traces of them have been effaced;
cycles in which the ultimate purpose was the
Divine Spiritualization of man just as it is
the creative intention in this one?"]
'Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab.
HE Divine Sovereignty is an Ancient Sov-
ereignty; not an accidental sovereignty.
If we imagine this world of existence has
a beginning, we can say the Divine Sovereignty
is accidental; i. it existed once and there was
a time when it did not exist. A king without
a kingdom is impossible. He cannot be with-
out a country, without subjects, without an
army, without dominion, or he would be with-
out kingship. All these exigencies or require-
ments of sovereignty must exist for a king.
Wlien they do exist we can apply the Word
sovereignty to a king. Otherwise his sover-
eignty is imperfect, incomplete If none of
these conditions exist sovereignty does not
exist.
If we acknowledge there is a beginning for
this world of creation, we acknowledge the
Sovereignty of God is accidental; i. we
admit a time when the Reality oi Divinity has
been without dominion (lit. "defeated"). The
Names and Attributes of Divinity are require-
ments of this world. The names "Powerful,"
the "Living," the "Provider," the "Creator," re-
quire and necessitate the existence of creatures.
If there were no creatures, "Creatorship" would
be meaningless. If there were none to provide
for, we could not think of the "Provider."
If there were no life, the "Living" would be
beyond the power of conception. Therefore all
the Names and Attributes of God require the
existence of objects or creatures upon which
they have been bestowed, and in which they
have become manifest. If there was a time
when no creation existed, when there was
none to provide for, it would imply a time
when there was no Existent One, no Trainer,
and the Attributes and Qualities of God would
have been meaningless and without signifi-
cance. Therefore the requirements of the At-
tributes of God do not admit of cessation or
interruption, for the Names of God are actually
and forever existing and not potential. Be-
cause they convey life, they are called Life-
Giving; because they provide they are called
Bountiful, the Provider; because they create
they are called Creator; because they educate
and govern, the Name Lord God is applied.
That is to say the Divine Names emanate
from the eternal Attributes of Divinity. There-
fore it is proved that the Divine Names pre-
suppose the existence of objects or beings.
How, then, is a time conceivable when this
Sovereignty has not been existent? This Divine
Sovereignty is not to be measured by six
thousand years. This interminable, illimitable
[Continued on page eighty-nine]

