100 STAR OF THE WEST
higher than the accomplishment of his welfare
in this world of the senses. Consider how diffi-
cult for man is the attainment of pleasures and
happiness in this mortal world. Consider how
easy it is for the animal. Look upon the
fields and flowers, prairies, streams, forests and
mountains. The grazing animals, the birds of
the air, the fishes, neither toil nor undergo
hardships; they sow not nor are they concerned
about the reaping; they have no anxiety about
business or politics; no trouble or worry what-
soever. All the fields and grasses, all the
meadows of fruits and grains, all the moun-
tain slopes and streams of salubrious water
belong to them. They have no labor for their
livelihood and happiness because everything is
provided and made possible for them. If the
life of man be confined to this physical, ele-
mental outlook, the animal's life is a hundred
times better, easier and more productive oi
comfort and contentment. The animal is
nobler, more serene and confident, because each
hour is free from anxiety and worryment. But
man, restless and dissatisfied, runs from morn
till eve, sailing the seas, diving beneath them
in submarines, flying aloft in aeroplanes, delv-
ing into the lowest strata of the earth until he
obtains his livelihood, all with the greatest difli-
culty, anxiety and unrest. Therefore in this
respect the animal is nobler, more serene,
poised and confident. Consider the birds in
forest and jungle, how they build their nests
high in the swaying tree-tops, build them in
the utmost skill and beauty, swinging, rocking
in the morning breezes, drinking the pure,
sweet water, enjoying the most enchanting
views as they fly here and there high over-
head, singing joyously, all without labor, free
from worry, care and forebodings. If man's
life be confined to the elemental, physical world
of enjoyment, one lark is nobler, more ad-
mirable than all humanity because its livelihood
is prepared, its condition complete, its accom-
plishment perfect and natural.
But not so! The purpose of the life of
man is divine, eternal, not mortal and sensual.
For him a spiritual existence and livelihood is
prepared and ordained in the Divine creative
plan. His life is intended to be a life of
spiritual enjoyment to which the animal can
never attain. This enjoyment depends upon
the acquisition of heavenly virtues. The sub-
limity of man is the attainment of the Knowl-
edge of God. The bliss of man is the acquiring
of heavenly bestowals, which descend upon
him in the outflow of the Bounty of God. The
happiness of man is in the fragrance of the
Love of God. This is the highest pinnacle of
attainment in the human world. How prefer-
able to the animal and its hopeless kingdom!
Therefore consider how base a nature it
requires that notwithstanding the favors show'-
ered upon man by God, man should lower him-
self into the animal sphere, be wholly occupied
with material needs, attached to this mortal
realm, imagining that the greatest happiness is
to attain wealth in this world. How pur-
poseless! How debased is such a nature!
God has created man in order that he may
be a dove of the Kingdom, in order that he
may become a heavenly candle, in order that
he may attain to Life Eternal. God has
created man in order that he may be resusci-
tated through the breaths of the' Holy Spirit.
God has created man in order that he may be
the light of the world. How debased the soul
which can find enjoyment in this darkness,
occupied with itself, the captive of self and
passion, wallowing in the mire of the material
world! How degraded is such a nature!
What an ignorance this is! What a blindness!
How glorious the station of man who has
partaken of the heavenly food and builded the
temple of his everlasting residence in the
world of heaven.
The Manifestations of God have come into
the World to free man from these bonds and
chains of the world of nature. Although they
Walked upon the earth they lived in heaven.
They were not concerned about material sus-
tenance and the prosperity of this world. Their
bodies were subjected to inconceivable dis-
tress, but their spirits ever soared in the high-
est realms of ecstacy. The purpose of their
coming, their teaching and suffering was the
freedom of man from himself. Shall we, there-
fore, follow in their footsteps, escape from this
cage of the body or continue subject to its
tyranny? Shall we pursue the phantoms of a
mortal happiness which does not exist or turn
towards the Tree of Life and the joys of its
eternal fruits?
I have come to this country in the advanced
years of my life, undergoing difficulties of
health and climate because of excessive love
for the friends of God. It is my wish that
they may be assisted to become servants of the
Heavenly Kingdom, captives in the service of
the Will of God. This captivity is freedom,
this sacrifice is glorification, this labor is re-
ward, this need is bestowal. For service in
love for mankind is unity with God. He who
serves has already entered the Kingdom and is
seated at the right hand of his Lord.

