STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strites,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IV Chicago (March Z1, 1913) Baha No. 1
MESSAGE TO BAHAIS THROUGHOUT THE WORLD
FROM 
A NEW GREETING
Paradise of Eden (or the Garden of Paradise) if the edifice of Peace,
Reconciliation, Love, and Faithfulness is founded on a solid and firm basis;
nay, rather, He hath willed it to become the mirror, reflecting the Delectable
Paradise. Then, and not until then, will all the divine bounties become manifold;
happiness and well-being infinite; the virtues of the wo.rld of humanity revealed
and resplendent; and the rays of the Sun of Reality visible from every direction.
Consider that his holiness Adam and others were living in Paradise. But as
soon as strife became known between him and Satan, every one was driven away
from Eden, so that the children of himicmity might learn ti lesson and realise that
and strife, et/eh thou-gh with Satan, are c0iid'iici've to dejrritiatioii.
Therefore, in this radiant century, according to the heavenly teachings, alter-
cation and dispute are not allowable, even though assailed by Satan himself.
Astonishing is it, that notwithstanding the inculcation of this lesson, yet man
has remained ignorant. From one end of the world to the other, the realm of
humanity is engaged in hostilities and war. There is enmity between the religions.
There is hatred between the classes. There is war between the fatherlands.
There is contention between the diplomats. How delightful it would now be
could these black clouds be dispersed from the horizon of the world, letting the
light of Reality shine; the dust of slaughter and the crime of shedding blood be
swept away; the breeze of providence from the Dawning-Place of Peace and
Salvation be wafted thus the world would become a new world, and the face of
the earth receive new life from the rays of the divinely effulgent light of God.
Our hope is in the favors of the glorious Lord, trusting that His providence
and protection will encircle us. May the bitterness of struggle, warfare, and the
cruelty of the blood--shedding sword be changed into the sweetness of friendship,
reconciliation, righteousness, and justice! May the tastes become sweetened, the
nostrils perfumed, with the essence of the Rose.
May this New Year be made the occasion of the New Peace! May this
conference be assisted and aided to inaugurate an era of peace with justice, and
to establish the basis of a fair treaty and agreement, so that their work may be
blessed for ever and ever.
K3 OD, the Maker of the worlds, hath created the realm of humanity to be the
[Reprinted from The Christian Commonwealihl

