STAR OF THE WEST 41
Him. We must sacrifice our comfort for
Him; sacrifice all our conditions in the path--
way of His service. If we do this, our service
will be productive of great results. Other-
wise God will raise up souls to do this work
in our stead. Our purpose is that we shall
arise in His Cause--not fettered by world con-
ditions, not burdened by weight of material
responsibilities. We must draw our thread
from one direction whether it come or not.
There are many threads; the right one will
come to us. [Refers to seeking the ri-ght
thread by which to unravel a skein]
Now therefore I will pray for you and you
must pray for me, This is
Abdul-Baha! Confirm Abdul-Baha in Thy
Threshold! Strengthen him in loyalty to
Thee! Make him self-sacrificingl Make him
homeless, and without rest! Fill his heart
with Thy love, so he will forget all else save
no other comfort, grace, health
or life, and sacrificing all for Thee!"
Pray in this manner for me and I will pray
so for you.
Admonish the Friends so they will not back-
bite and criticise, voicing the mistakes and
sins of others. Have a sin-covering eye. As
soon as you see a trace of the Love of
in a soul, revere that soul under
all conditions.
ANNOUNCEMENTS
CABLEGRAM:
April 2--"With joy and happiness reached
Stuttgart." ABBAS.
HISTORY OF THE BAHAI MOVE-
IN ESPERANTO:
In connection with the Addresses of Abdul-
Baha to the Esperantists of Edinburgh and
Paris, published in this issue of the STAR or
THE the Bahai friends will be interested
in knowing that the booklet by Mr. Sydney
Sprague, History of the Bahai Movement,"
has been translated and published in Espe-
ranto. It is sold at 12 cents. Copies of it
and other Esperanto text books can be ob-
tained from The Esperanto Association of
North America, Central Office, Maryland
Building, Washington, D. C.
PHOTOGRAPHS OF ABDUL-BAHA:
Photographs of an oil painting of Abdul-
Baha made by Miss Iuliet Thompson, a well-
known portrait artist and Bahai, may be had
from her by addressing 48 W. Ioth Street,
New York City.
The photograph of Abdul-Baha in tent on
Mashrak-el-Azkar site, published in last issue
of the STAR OF THE WEST, was taken by Mr.
William Wragg, Chicago.
The photograph of Abdul-Baha, printed in
No. 18 issue, Vol. STAR or THE 
was taken in Minneapolis and not in St. Paul,
Minn.
THE COMING 
To the Bahai Assemblies and Delegates-
We are pleased to inform you that the New
York Assembly has about completed its plans
for the coming Convention to be held in their
cit .
RECEPTION COMMITTEE
Chairman, Mrs. Alice I. Breed, 568 W. 149th
Street.
Corresponding Secretary, Mrs. Chas. L. Lin-
coln, 2823 Clarendon Road, Flatbush,
Brooklyn.
Headquarters at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
Edward B. Kinney, 780 West End Avenue.
PROGRA M.
Reception for all the delegates and friends,
Saturday, April 26th, 3:30 p. at the home
of Mrs. Florin Krug, 830 Park Avenue.
On other evenings, Receptions will be held
at the homes of friends. These will be an-
nounced in New York, after the Convention
has been opened.
Convention will open with the Feast of the
Rizwan to be held at Columbia University
Commons, the evening of April 26th, I913, and
on Sunday afternoon. April 27th, 3:30 p. 
a large meeting will be held at Berkeley
Lyceum, I9 West 44th Street.
Business Sessions to be held in the French
Ionic rooms, Masonic Temple, 23rd and 6th
Avenues, on Monday and Tuesday, April 28th
and 29th.
First Session begins Monday, April 28th, at
IO a. m.
Hoping the foregoing may be of assistance
to you, we remain
Yours in service,
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE or
BAHAI TEMPLE UNITY.
Bernard M. Iacobsen, Secreztary.
PERSIAN SECTION:
Our Persian section this issue contains:
(1) Tablet from Abdul-Baha to the editor of
The Asiatic Quarterly Review, London; (2)
Abdul--Baha's Address to the Esperantists of
Edinburgh; (3) recent Tablet from Abdul-
Baha to Mr. Charles Mason Remey, Washing-
ton, D. (4) fifth annual Bahai Conven-
tion to be held in New York City; (5) New
Year's congratulations from the Bahais in
England; (6) news from Europe and Orient
France; Stuttgart, Germany, and
Hamadan, Persia; (7) announcement of
Album of Views of the Holy Land where
and Abdul-Baha lived and vis-
ited. The Editors.

