STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strites,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IV Sultan 1, 69 (January 19, 1914) No. 17
LETTER FROM THE JEWISH BAHAIS OF TEHERAN TO THE
CHRISTIAN BAHAIS OF CHICAGO

Teheran, Persia, Iune 2 1903.
To the brilliant House of Sjiiritualitgr of the Bahais of Chicago, 
from the Assembly -of Israelites of Teheran:
RAISE and thanksgiving unto the Desired
One, who by the burning light of Divinity
and Truth of our High LORD ["The First
Point"--the and by the G-odly Rays of
our Adored LORD, the Blessed Perfection and
the Greatest Name, 
and by the fragrance of the pure servitude of
the Revolving-Place of all Names, ABDUL--BAHA
(May it-he souls of all the creatures be devoted
in sacrifice for these wan-
derers of the desert of astonishment to the
Destination and Place of Truth; made them
drink from the Source of Guidance, and
brought them near to the Plains of Knowledge
of the Rising-Place of the Manifestation and
the Speaker in the Mount of Sinai. There~
fore, unto Him be praise and thanks for that
which He has bestowed upon us!
We are the same people wh-o, in the last
part of the cycle of Moses, were exposed to
blindness and ignorance and deprived from
the Manifestation -of the LORD, Iesus Christ,
and did not understand the fragrance of the
Holy Ghost, and our society became dispersed
and separated from our brothers and friends.
VVhen M0-hammed appeared our eyes and
hearts did not become bright from the Light
of his guidance; so we rejected and protested
against him, until the Eternal Light of the
Blessed Perfection enlightened
the world with His Great Epiphanies: Then
His grace and favor had pity on these Wan-
derers, and awakened us and made us Watch-
ful: Then He led us with the great signs and
the strong proofs of the Old and New Testa-
ments and the Koran. He p-ut peace and sal-
vation among the nations, for no one of the
Manifestations had such great power of influ-
ence as was with 
The prophets had prophesied of this on1nip-o-
tence--that it could not be found in others
than He, Himself, [saying] 
"And many people shall go and say: Come
the mountain of the
LORD, to the house of the LORD of facob;
and' -H will teach us of His ways, and we will
go in His paths; for out of Zion shall go forth
the law, and the lVor(l of the LORD from
Jerusalem. And He shall judge among the
nations, and shall relnilze -maujv people: and
they shall beat their swords in-to jrloughshares,
and their spears into jvruu-izzg hooks; nation
shall not lift sword against nation, neither
shall they learn war any 1nore"--as it is
prophesied in Isaiah 2: 3, 4.
"Sing unto the LORD, for He hath alone
errcellent things; this is knotoniin all the earth.
Cry out and shout, thou inhal2itanz' of Zion:
for great is the Holy One of Israel in the
midst of thee." (Isaiah l2: 5, 6.)
bring near my righteousness; -it shall not
be for ofi', and my salvation shall not tarry;
and I will place salvation in Zion for Israel
my glory." (Isaiah 46:13.)
"Behold, the LORD God will come with
strong hand, and His arm shall rule for Him
. . . and He shall carry thein in His bosom,
and sh-all gently lead those that are with
young." (Isaiah 40 :10, ll.)
"Again the word of 'the LORD of hosts
came to me, saying: Thus saith the LO-RD
of hosts; I was jealous for Zion with great
jealousy, and I was jealous for her with great
fury. Thus saith the LORD, I am returned
unto Zion; and will dwell in the in-idst of
ferusalein; and shall be called a city
of truth; anal the inountain of the LORD of
hosts, the holy mountain." (Zechariah 
[Continued on page 289]

