58 STAR OF
had been recently appointed and man had
given these Names to Him. No! The Divine
Sovereignty is ancient, eternal. God from
everlasting was Love, Iustice', Power, Creator,
Provider, the Omniscient, the Bountiful.
As the Divine Entity is eternal, the Divine
Attributes are co-existent, co-eternal. The Di-
vine Bestowals are therefore without begin-
ning, without end. God is infinite; the works
of God are infinite; the bestowals of God are
infinite. As His Divinity is eternal, His Lord-
ship and Perfections are without end. As the
Bounty of the Holy Spirit is eternal, we can
never say that His bestowals terminate, else
He terminates. If we think of the sun and
then try to conceive of the cessation of the
solar flame and heat, we have predicated the
non-existence of the sun. For separation of
the sun from its rays and heat is inconceiv-
able. Therefore if we limit the Bestowals of
God we limit the Attributes of God and limit
God.
Let us then trust in the Bounty and Bestowal
of God! Let us be exhilarated with the Divine
Breath! Let us be illumined and exalted by
the heavenly glad-tidings! God has ever
dealt with man in mercy and kindness. He
who conferred the Divine Spirit in former
times is abundantly able and capable at all
times and periods to grant the same bestowals.
Therefore let us be hopeful! The God who
gave to the world formerly will do so now
and in the future. God who breathed the
breath of the Holy Spirit upon His servants
will breathe it upon them now and hereafter.
There is no cessation to His Bounty. The
Divine Spirit is penetrating from eternity to
eternity, for it is the Bounty of God and
the Bounty of God is eternal. Can you con-
ceive of limitation of the Divine Power in
atomic verities or cessation of the Divine
Bounty in existing organisms? Could you con-
ceive the Power now manifest in this glass in
cohesion of its atoms, becoming non-existent?
The energy by which the water of the sea
is constituted, failing to exert itself and the
sea disappearing? A shower of rain today and
no more showers after awhile? The effulgence
of the sun terminated and no more light or
heat?
THE WEST
When we observe that in the kingdom of
minerals the Divine Bounties are continuous,
how much more shall we expect and realize in
the Divine spiritual Kingdom! How much
greater the radiation of the Lights of God and
the bounty of life everlasting upon the soul of
man! As the body of the universe is con-
tinuous, indestructible, Spirit and the Divine
Bounty is everlasting. 
I praise God that I am privileged to be
present in this revered assembly which is
quickened with spiritual susceptibilities and
heavenly attraction; its members investigating
the Reality; their utmost hope the establish-
ment of international peace and their greatest
purpose service to the World of humanity.
When we observe the world of created phe-
nomena we discover that each atom of the
atoms of substance is moving through the
various degrees and kingdoms of organic life.
For instance, consider the ethereal element
which is penetrating and traveling through all
the contingent realities. Wlien there is vibra-
tion or movement in the ethereal element the
is affected by that vibration and beholds
what is known as light.
In the same manner the Bestowals of God
are moving and circulating throughout all cre-
ated things. This illimitable Divine Bounty
has no beginning and will have no ending. It
is moving, circulating and becomes effective
wherever capacity is developed to receive it.
In every station there is a specialized capacity.
Therefore we must be hopeful that through the
Bounty and Favor of God, this Spirit of Life
infusing all created beings shall quicken hu-
manity and from its Bestowals the human
world become a divine world, this 
kingdom the mirror of the realm of Divinity,
the virtues and perfections of the world of
humanity become unveiled and the image and
likeness of God be reflected from this temple.
I am most grateful to the President of this
Society and express my most respectful greet-
ings to him. It is my hope that all of you
may be assisted in obtaining the good pleas-
ure of God. The spiritual susceptibility of
those present has made me very happy, and I
beg of God assistance and confirmation for all.
CABLEGRAM:
April of God shining brilliantly
in Budapest. Detail Addresses delivered in
important meetings." ABBAS.
OUR PERSIAN SECTION contains: (I)
Talk by Abdul-Baha on "Progress of this
Age"; (2) poem by M. Taki Nazim Khoras--
sani of Bandar Jaz; (3) spreading of the
Cause of God in Europe-cablegram from
Abdul-Baha at Budapest; (4) news from
Stuttgart, by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab (5) news
from London, by Mirza Lutfullah Hakim;
(6) news from Paris, by Mirza Ali Akbar
Rafsinjani; (7) words of greeting from the
Star of the West to all the Bahais for the
Feast of Rizwan.

