Thou Guide of mortals to Immortality!
Thou
188 STAR OF THE WEST
Thou Pathfinder of the Right Way, and Conductor of man from Earth to Heaven!
Lover of GOD and Man; Exemplar of the New Humanity!
Thou Shepherd -of the Sheep, and Shelter of the Birds of the Air!
Thou Keeper of the Vineyard, and Trainer of the Children of 
Thou Servant of the Highest, declared by Isaiah!
Thou Right Arm of the Mighty, proclaimed by Israel!
Thou
hou
Thou
Thou
Thou
Thou
Thou
Thou
Holy One in the Hand of 
Lord of the Sabbath of Ages!
Unique Qne of the Millennial Age!
Lion of the Tribe oi Judah!
Lamb of the sacrificial Love!
Baptizer oi Evanescence!
Sum of Spiritual and Human Perfections!
YS TER -OF OD 
Reveal Thyself toithose who con bear the Knowledge.'
This grain of human dust, stirred by the Breath of the Spirit, longs for Thy
Presence, for the Life-giving touch of Thy Glorious Love. These captives of
Love yearn for Thy Nearness! These ignorant ones seek Thy instruction. These
isolated ones hope for the Unity of Thy Meeting. These helpless ones trust in
Thine Attraction to awaken the hearts of their friends and relatives.
my Beloved! What can we say but to praise Thee; to thank GOD for
Thee, His Greatest Gift to man; to implore Thee to pray for His Mercy upon
these impotent ones, His Strength for these powerless ones, I-lis Guidance for
those erring ones, His Guard to protect us from ourselves!
Teach us to serve. Guide us in the paths of Knowledge and Wisdom.
Unite us in mutual purpose and aim, and grant us the favor of Thy per-
sonal Presence and Voice.
(SIGNED) THORNTON CHASE.
August 9, l9lZ,
San Francisco, California.
THE ANNIVERSARY OF VISIT TO THE GRAVE
OF THORNTON CHASE: OCTOBER NINETEENTH.
May be observed among the Bahais throughout America as "The day of Thornton Chase."
eulogy of Thornton
A Chase, published below. Wherein is ex-
pressed the wish that the Bahais an-
nually visit the grave of Mr. Chase, has
created a sentiment among the friends that
this event should be celebrated on the anni-
versary of the day Abdul--Baha visited the
grave October 19th, 1912.
It is not at all unlikely that the friends
throughout America, will, in some befitting
manner, observe "The day of Thornton Chase"
--as we have termed it.
this end, the STAR or TI-IE WEST has com-
piled this issue as a reminder to the friends
of the near approach of the first anniversary
of this event. The Edit0m__
ro THE Gama or THORN-
TON CHASE, OCTOBER I9, 1912.
[Extracts from article in N0. 13 issue, V01. 
STAR on T1-IE 
Upon the arrival of Abdul-Baha in San
Francisco, October 4, I912, when one of the
Bahais gave the news of the departure of
Thornton Chase--who had died a few days

