INTRODUCTORY WORDS OF THE
KITAB-EL-AKDAS MOST HOLY 
REVEALED BY 

I

In His Name, the Ruler over what was and is!
i i I
I ERILY, the first thing which GOD hath ordained unto the servants is
the knowledge of the Dawning-Place of His Command, which was the
Station of Himself in the Wo-rld of Command and is,
the knowledge of Baha.,* who is the Manifestation of GOD in the
world].
Whosoever attaineth thereunto hath attained unto all good; and he who
is deprived thereof is indeed of the people of error-even though he bringeth
all good actions.
And when this Most Glorious Station, and this Most Lofty Horizon, hath
been attained, it behooveth every one to follow that whereunto he is com-
manded on the part of the Supreme Object, because these two things are in-
separable: one of them will notbe accepted withoutythe other. This is what
the Day-Spring of Inspiration hath decreed! Verily those who are given vision
from GOD will regard the Ordinances of GOD as the greatest means to the
order of the world and the pres-ervation of the nations--and those who are
careless-, are of the vile and worthless.
Verily, We have Commanded you to restrain the desires of passion and
lust, and not violate that which was written by the Supreme Pen;* for it is
indeed the Spirit of Life to whomsoever is in the realm of creation. The Seas
of Wisdom [inspired utterances] and Beyan [Revelation] have moved, because
the breath of the Merciful hath breathed.
Avail yourselves of this opportunity, people of intelligence! Verily,
those who have violated The Covenant of GOJD in His Commandments, and
turned backwards [became backsliders] are of the people of error before GOD,
the Independent, the Exalted!
people of the earth! Know that My Commandments are assuredly
the lamps of My Grace amongst My servants, and the keys of My Mercy for
the creatures.
Thus hath the matter been recalled from the Heaven of the Primal Will
of your LORD, the Ruler of all Religions.
Should any one come in contact with the delight of Beyan [Revelation]-
vwhich hath come from the Mouth of The Will of The would ex-
pend all that he possesses-, even should it be all the treasures of the earth,
for the sake of establishing one Command of His Commandm.ents, that shine
from the I-Io-rizon of Grace and Goodness.
Say! From My Ordinances emanateth the scent of My Garment, and by
them the standards of victory will be hoisted on the tops of mountains and
hills. The Tongue of My Might, in the realm of My Greatness, hath addressed
My creatures, saying: MY ORDINANCES FOR THE LOVE
OF MY 
it Baha'o'||ah.
[Continued on following page]

