238 STAR OF THE WEST
with the people. He appointed a CENTER or THE COVENANT. He wrote with His own pen
and revealed it in the Kitab-el-Akdas, the Book of Laws, and Kitab--el-Ah'd, the Book of
the Covenant, appointing him (Abdul-B-aha) the Expounder of the B-ook. You must ask
him (Abdul-Baha) regarding the meanings of the -texts of the verses. Whatsoever he
says is correct. Outside of this, in numerous tablets He has explicitly
recorded it, with clear, sufficient, valid and forceful statements. In the Tablet of THE
BRANCH He explicitly states: Whatsoever THE BRANCH says is right, or c0,rrect; and every
person must obey THE BRANCH with his life, with his heart, with his tongue. Without his
will, not a word shall anyone utter. This is an explicit text of the Blessed Beauty. So
there is no excuse left for anybody. No so-ul shall, of himself, speak anything "the
words must be according to what 'has proceeded from the Mouth of the Will of God and is
recorded in Tablets"] VVhatsoever his (Abdul-Baha's) tongu-e utters, whatsoever his pen
records, that is correct; according to the explicit text of in the Tablet of THE
BRANCH.
"His Holiness Abraham covenanted in regard to Moses. His Holiness Moses was
the Promised One of Abraham, and He, Moses, covenan-ted in regard to His Holiness
Christ, saying that Christ was the Promised' One. His Holiness Christ covenanted in
regard to His Holiness 'The Paraclete,' which means His Holiness Mohanuned. His Holi-
ness Mohammed covenanted in regard to The Bab, whom He called, 'My Promised One,' His
Holiness The Bab, in all His books, in all His epistles, explicitly covenanted in regard to
the Blessed Beauty, that was the Promised One of His Holi-
ness The Bab. His Holiness covenanted, not that I (Abdul-Baha) am the
Promised On-e, -but that Abdul-Baha is the Expounder of the Book and -the CENTRE or 
COVENANT, and that the Promised One of will appear after one thousand or
thousands of years. This is the Covenant which made. If a person shall
deviate, he is not acceptable at the Threshold of In case of difference, 'Abdul~
Baha must be consulted. They must revolve around his good pleasure. After Abdul-Baha,
whenever the Universal House of Justice is organized it will ward ofl' differences.
"Now I pray for you that GOD may aid you, may confirm you, may appoint you for
His service; that He may suffer you to be as radiant candles; that He may accept you in
His Kingdom; that He may make you the cause of the spread of the light of 
in these countries, and that the teachings of may be spread broadcast.
pray for yo-u, and I am pleased with all of you, each one, 0ne_ by one; and I pray
that GOD may aid and confirm you. . . . At present, farewell to you!"
The Editors.
FROM THE. OF THE 
The Will and Testament of 
It is revealed in-the Kitah-el-Algdas concerning this, that which from the Horizons
of its Words, the Lights of the Divine Bounties gleam, rise and glitter:--
My Branches! In this Existent Being the greatest strength and the most perfect
power is hidden and concealed; look to-wards it and gaze in the direction of its "union and
not at its seeming differences. This is the TESTAMENT O-F GOD, that the Branches
(Aghsan), Twigs (Afnan), and Relations (Nluntessabeen), must each and every one
look to the Creates! Branch (Ghusn Azam). Reflect upon that which is revealed in
My Book, The the Ocean of My Presence hath disappeared and the
Book of Origin is achieved to the end, turn your faces towards Him whom GOD hath
purposed, Who hath branched from this Pre-Existent Root." The aim of this blessed'
verse hath been the Greatest Branch. We have likewise elucidated the Command as a
favor from before Us; and I am the Generous, the All-Dispenser!

