STAR OF THE WEST 143
MISS EDNA 'Would it be
proper to offer an amendment to the motion
that has been passed, to the effect that a sec-
tion of the foundation might be laid with the
enough of the superstruc-
ture to make it possible as a place of worship,
and with the foundation of such character that
it will last, and then afterwards work in the
Whole building? We are told that when the
Mashrak-el-Azkar is built the people will come
in in droves.
Mas. CAMPBELL: I want to make a single
suggestion on this line which came to me at
once when the discussion began. In every
cathedral, especially in the West, there are
features apart from the general design which
are used long before the main building. I
cannot see why in the architect's work there
should not be something to allow for that, some-
thing that could be used as a worshipping place
while the work was still going on until the
main design was brought about, and I am per-
fectly sure that if that were in the arcl1itect's
mind, everyone would contribute; and we
could use it, although it might not be
finished until after we were dead and gone.
But the spirit of worship would have begun
with the first stone laid.
MR. REMEY: The two ideas that have been
suggested by Miss McKinney and Mrs. Camp-
bell are illustrated in a building at Albany,
New York. About twenty years ago the
foundation and were built first; later on
they built the walls upon them to about half
the present height and built a temporary roof
on. Then they put in the interior columns and
the stone work around the doors in block
stone; then later on, as money came in, the
carving was done, etc., and the last time I was
there they had taken the roof off the and
the vaulted roof was in place. Now, we could
follow that idea.
THE CHAIRMAN2 It seems to me that the
suggestions of Miss McKinney and of Mrs.
Campbell are covered by the resolution
adopted, and that it only needs the color-
ing of these words of wisdom. We will try
to work it in as the committee does the work.
We understand the idea and it will be worked
in. Now we are ready to take up the motion
upon the adoption of the report of the com-
mittee on ways and means. Is there any word
on that?
E. E. K.: This is a convention in which
good intentions are to be converted into
tangible action. We are here, in plain Eng-
lish, to raise money. Of course the spiritual
foundation is the principal thing, but the out-
come of this spiritual thinking must be a
tangible means by which the purpose of this
spiritual teaching is to be carried out in this
world of ours. The purpose is to raise money
for the Mashrak-el-Azkar, and we are inter-
ested in raising that money while Abdul-
Baha is living amongst us. I would rather
go and worship in a shack raised in the
day of Abdul-Baha and dedicated by him, than
to go into a temple which represents in its
structure all that the highest masters could
contribute to the outer architecture since the
beginning of time after he has left us. Let
us use every atom of energy to collect the
means by which the Temple can be built in his
day. Is it not better for Bahais to sacrifice
all that they possibly can now for the realiza-
tion of the greatest hope that Abdul-Baha has,
the final step in his mission? Is it not better
for them to sacrifice their means, in order to
make this a realized fact, than to die and have
their funds expended over something else at a
time when neither they nor Abdul-Baha
are in the world? If they are willing to take
that chance I am sorry for them. I remember
a beautiful and wealthy Bahai who was of this
class, who in their lifetime was in a constant
state of suspicion and hesitancy, who was al-
ways making plans about what they would do
for the Cause in the future, but what that
person did was very little compared to what
could have been done. But at length death
came and all that person's funds Went to be
added to the funds of relatives who cared
nothing for the Bahai Cause, and nothing
tangible was left as a contribution to the Cause
of God--what was left went to build up the
temple of Mammon. We must remember that
the Bab, and Abdul-Baha sacri-
ficed all that they had and reduced themselves
to poverty and want, and had it not been for
the fact of their sacrifice, the Cause of God
would never have reached these shores inthese
days, nor the foundation laid for the creation
of the edifice of the unity of mankind. 'Why
not contribute what you can today? Why not
deprive yourselves of the ease, or of the con-
venience which is not necessary or essential
to your happiness, but which, for superficial
reasons, you have been led to believe essential
to your happiness, and then contribute the
money saved by that means to the Mashrak-el-
Azkar? Is there anyone who can stand up and
say that he or she has not Wasted much money
on things for themselves and their friends

