146 STAR OP THE WEST
el-Azkar could be completed during the life-
time of Abdul-Baha. That may seem weak,
but I do not believe that I should have the
capacity for sacrifice unless I felt that it was
to result in the accomplishment of what was
a burning wish, and would mean the com-
pletion of the building during his lifetime.
Moved and seconded that the Secretary be
authorized to publish the report of the con-
vention, including the constitution, in the
STAR or THE Wssr. Unanimously carried.
The convention closed with the singing of
"Awake, Ye Nations All!"
BERNARD M. IACOBSEN,
Secre ta'ry.
ALBERT H. HALL, President.
PLAN ADOPTED FOR WAYS AND MEANS.
Your committee, appointed in behalf of the
convention,_to consider and report upon ways
and means toward forwarding the common
object of this Unity, namely, the erection of
the Divine Edifice, the Mashrak-el-Azkar, in
Chicago, beg to report the following recom-
mendations:
I. We recommend the adoption of the mo-
tion following, i. 
That immediately after the adjournment of
this convention, the Executive Board com-
municate with the Mashrak-el-Azkar' repre-
sentative of each Occidental Bahai Assembly,
and in all cases where Bahais reside in a
community not afliliated with an existing As-
sembly, then' directly with such believers,
stating the adoption of this vote by the gen-
eral convention, and, in accordance therewith,
recommending to all such Assemblies and the
friends of God the following procedure for
the speedy discharge of the remaining encum-
brance on the Mgashrak-el-Azkar land in Chi-
cago, and the raising of funds for the early
erection of the Edifice itself, viz.:
That said Board urge upon the friends the
advantage to be gained by putting into effect,
at this time, a uniform system of contribution
which shall be operative alike in every Assem-
bly and Bahai community in the Occident.
And in forwarding this principle to suggest
to the friends that the aim and object of this
action is that those whose hearts are awake
to this call for service, may give of that which
they have to the utmost limit, in order that
during the presence of ABDUL-BAI-IA, the CEN-
TER OF TI-IE COVENANT, upon the earth this
Divine Edifice may be established.
Through this method, collective and unified
effort will be assured: the countless rills of
pure offerings will become the great river of
accomplishment, and the Divine Edifice will
be speedily begun and completed.
The key to this, we believe, is love and
solidarity, and the swiftest means, is a sys-
tematic and regular giving. But love must
urge, and our gifts be of the heart else they
fail of consecration. This is a spiritual Edi-
fice, and the privilege and voluntary character
of serving it, surrounds and must precede
every material means by which its erection is
to be sought. It is the opportunity longed for
through ages, an opportunity which becomes
possible only during the Universal Day of
God. It is our hope that the heart of the
CENTER OF THE COVENANT be gladdened with
what shall appear from the friends in this
behalf.
2. We further recommend that the Execu-
tive Board be authorized to put into effect a
system of numbered triplicate receipts for all
offerings made to the Mashrak-el-Azkar: the
original to be filed with the general Executive
Board, the duplicate to be retained by the
local Treasurer, the triplicate to be given as
a receipt to the giver. These will be signed
by the Auditing Committee appointed by the
Unity during each annual convention. Such
receipts will be suitably inscribed and in the
discretion of the Executive Board, may em-
body any appropriate insignia or device. With
this method in effect, so that the individual
giver is thus known and identified, we recom-
mend that all gifts be sent through the par-
ticular Assembly: but we believe that the
source of these offerings should be held in
confidence.
3. That upon selected days to be fixed by
the Executive Board, meetings be held by
each local Assembly at which all shall be wel-
come, and the endeavor be to acquaint the
friends and all interested in the establishment
of a universal spiritual Edifice, with the pur-
pose, meaning and importance of the Mashrak-
el-Azkar. Provided, however, that His Holi-
ness, ithe CENTER OF THE COVENANT, shall first
approve of the fixing of these uniform dates
by the Executive Board.
4. Your committee further recommends to
this convention that the Executive Board pre-
pare, publish and distribute forthwith or as
soon as may be, a pamphlet or folder setting
forth the source, meaning and function of the
Mashralc-el-Azkar, together with selections
from the Divine utterances concerning it, in
the Holy Books.
Respectfully and lovingly submitted,
THE COMMITTEE,
Alfred Lunt, Chairman.
Claudia S. Coles,
Roy C. Wilhelm,
Corinne True,
Edna McKinney.
OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue contains: 1. Talk by Abdul-Baha at Po_rt Said, Egypt. 2. Glad-tidings
from Port Said, by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab. 3. Brief biography of Mirza D_3afar _Had1 of Ch1ra_z. 4. Tablet for Mirza
Djafar. 5. Pictures of the Pilgrims' House (hospice) on Mt. Carmel and its builder, Mirza Djatar.

