STAR OF THE WEST 53
not conform religious principles and science
and reason, they do not inspire the heart with
confidence and assurance.
It is said that once john of 
was walking along the sea-shore and was
thinking over the question of the Trinity,
the possibility of three becoming one, and one
three, trying to reconcile this with reason.
He was absorbed in this subject, when sud-
denly his attention was attracted by a. boy sit-
ting on the shore and putting water in a cup.
Approaching him, he asked, "My child, what
art thou doing?" am trying to put the sea
in this cup," he answered. "How foolish art
thou," john replied, "in trying to do the im-
possible." The child rejoined, "Thy work is
stranger than mine, for thou art laboring to
bring within the grasp of human intellect the
conception of the Trinity."
Then John thought to himself that to un-
derstand this matter logically is beyond the
comprehension of the human mind.
But we stated that every religious question
must be tested by the criteria of science and
reason, otherwise how can one accept it? If
I propound a question which is rejected by
the deduction of reason, it is not Worthy of
your acceptance.
Therefore let us investigate independently
the reality of this matter and let us always
he guided in our exposition by the light of
reason and science.
Vtlhat is the meaning of the Father and
the Son? We say that this Fatherhood and
Son-ship are allegorical, and symbolical. The
Messianic Reality is like unto a mirror through
which the Sun of Divinity has become re-
splendent. If this mirror states "The Light
is in me" it is sincere in its claim; therefore
Jesus was truthful when He said "The Father
is in me."
V\7hen we look at the question from the
above standpoint we see that the principle
of the Trinity is explained. The sun which
is in the sky, and the sun in the mirror are
one, are they not? 'Ne do not believe that
there are two suns, and yet we see that there
are two suns.
"We must investigate the reality, and not
follow the imitation, for the Jews were ex-
pecting the coming of the Messiah, lamenting
day and night~saying: God send to us our
Delivererl" But as they walked in the path
of dogmas, rather than reality, when the Mes-
siah appeared they denied Him. If they had
been the investigators of reality, they would
not have crucified, but have worshipped Him.
P.M.: Is the unification of religion possible?
If so, when and how and through what chan-
nel will it be realized?
A.B.: 'When the devotees of religion cast
away their dogmas and ritualism then the
unification of religion will be in sight, and
the realities of the Holy Books will become
unveiled. In these days misunderstandings
hold the upper hand. W'hen these misunder-
standings and blind imitations are relinquished
then the Sun of Unity or religions shall
dawn.
VV hen I was in San Francisco I was invited
to speak in a Iewish synagogue; there were
nearly 2000 Israelites present in the Temple.
I said, I desire to propound before you a ques-
tion, but I request you to listen to it care-
fully, till I finish, and then if you have any
objections, state them:
It is about 2000 years that between you
and the Christians there has been friction
and opposition, but when we investigate the
reality we find that such a state of affairs
should not exist. Owing to the misunder-
standings which today have blinded the eyes
and exist among you and the Christians, you
conceive that His Holiness the Christ was
the enemy of Moses, the destroyer of the laws
of the Pentateuch, the abrogator of the com-
mandments of the Bible.
Let us now search after the truth, and dis-
cover whether this supposition on your part
corresponds with fact or not.
When we investigate the reality we observe
that Christ appeared amongst you at a time
when according to your own historians the
laws of the Torah were forgotten, the founda-
tion of religion and faith was shaken. Nebu-
chadnezzar had come, burning the context of
the whole Bible, and taking into captivity
many Iewish tribes. For the second time Al-
exander the Great had come. For the third
time Titus, the Roman general, devastated the
land, killed the Jews, pillaged their property,
and imprisoned their children.
At such a time, under such gloomy conditions,
His Holiness the Christ appeared. The first
thing He said was: "The Torah is the Di-
vine Book, Moses is the Man of God, Aaron,
Solomon, Isaiah, Zechariah, and all the Israel-
itish prophets are valid and true." Through-
out all regions He spread the Bible.
For I500 years the Bible was not sent out of
Palestine, but Christ promulgated it in all
countries. "Were it not for Christ the name
of Moses and His Book would not have

