STAR OF THE WEST 141
REPORT OF FIFTH ANNUAL CONVENTION OF THE BAHAI TEMPLE UNITY.
[Continued from page 139]
APRIL 29.
THE CHAIRMANZ I am going to offer a sug-
gestion to you. Is it your pleasure to print
the constitution of Bahai Temple Unity with
the proceedings of this meeting?
[After conference it was moved and sec-
onded that the whole matter of the name and
of printing the constitution with the amend-
ments be referred to the Executive 
The motion was unanimously carried]
THE CHAIRMANI 'We will now hear the
report of the Auditing Committee.
MR. LUNT: On behalf of that committee I
desire to report that We have examined the
books and vouchers of the Financial-Secretary
and the Treasurer, deposits, stubs, receipts,
etc., and have found them to be correct. I
desire to make that report and recommend
that their reports be accepted.
THE Will you kindly put that
in Writing.
M12. LUNT: The committee has signed each
book and voucher.
THE CHAIRMANI The report of the Audit-
ing Cominittee will be placed on file with the
records of the Society.
[The following telegram from San Francisco
was read, asking that that city be made the
meeting place for 1915:]
San Francisco, Calif., April 25, I9i3.
Roy VVilhelm, 226 'West 58th St., New York.
Abdul-Baha desired Bahai convention to
meet in San Francisco in I915. Local and
Bay Assemblies now urge Eastern and Execu-
tive Committees to accept this coinmendatioii
and arrange to come to San Francisco con-
vention. Department of Exposition will co-
operate in all courtesies.
SAN FRANCISCO ASSEMBLY,
Per Fred W. D'Evelyn.
[Mrs. Coles, on behalf of the 
Assembly, invited the convention to VVashing-
ton for I9I4. Communications received from
Vifashington, Minneapolis and San Francisco
were referred to the Executive Board, with
the suggestion that the convention be held in
Washington in I914 and in San Francisco in
1915. This met with the approval of the con-
vention.]
Miss VANBA (from Paris): I have
a message to you from Abdul-Balia. Vv'lieii he
knew I was coming to America he said to me,
"Give them my love and greetings; tell them
I know they are doing my work, and my hope
is that America become a great radiating cen-
tre that will illuminate the world."
[Mrs. Breed read the greetings of a sister,
who sent for distribution at the convention,
twigs taken from the great tree on the Mash-
rak-el-Azkar site, asking God that "I-Iis bene-
diction might descend upon each member of
the co1ivention."]
MR, HALL: That magnificent tree is the one
conspicuous object in the horizon there. Years
ago it was the great meeting place of the
Ouilmette Indians in that locality, and that is
the name of the village there.
There are many traditions gathered around it.
THE CHAIRMANI The committee is ready
to report.
[Mr. Lunt read to the convention the report*
of the committee appointed to consult on ways
and means for the raising of money for the
Mashralc-el-Azkar and to formulate a general
plan]
THE The report is before you
witha motion that it be adopted.
[Convention adjourned until I230 p, in]
AFTERNO ON SESSION.
MR. REMEYZ I have an idea I would like to
express. Can we not, during this session of the
convention decide how much money the build-
ing of the Mashrak--el-Azkar shall cost, devoid
of any ornainentation or embellishment, so that
We can get a definite sum fixed in our minds,
and then let the committee arrange for archi-
tectural plans so the building can progress, and
work towards the amount whatever we may
fix?
MiixWizi.L: Fifteen years ago Abdul-
Baha was speaking of the conditions that exist
in the world during the time of a Manifesta-
tion. He spoke of certain incidents in the life
of Jesus Christ, of certain things that had
taken place at that time, and of their great
effect in the world and how they had been
mentioned all through the world for two thou-
sand years. Then he said, "See these gates in
the garden of the Rizwan where you used to
sit. These are very modest gates, very hum-
ble; but they are very great in the sight of
God. The time will come when these gates
will be torn down and people will build them
of costly marble. Then generations will pass,
See page I46 for this report as adopted.

