STAR OE THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
iaith and all men as brothers: that the bonds of aifection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be: these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IV Chicago (June 24-, 1913) Rahmat No. 6
Abdul-Baha in Philadelphia
ADDRESSES BY ABDUL-BAHA DELIVERED IN NEVV YORK CITY
TALK GIVEN BY ABDUL-BAHA AT 309 78TH
Sr, New YORK CITY, JUNE 11, 
have just returned from a visit to
 Philadelphia, spending two nights there
and speaking in two large churches.
The Weather proved unpleasant and affected
my health. The purpose in these movements
here and there is a single purpose; it is to
spread the Light of Truth in this dark world.
On account of my age it is difficult to journey.
Sometimes the difficulties are arduous. But
out of love for the friends of God and with
desire to sacrifice myself in the pathway of
God, I bear them in gladness. The purpose
is the result which is accomplished, love and
unity among mankind. For the world is dark
with discord and selfishness, hearts are negli-
gent, souls bereft of God and His Heavenly
Bestowals. Man is submerged in the affairs
of this world. His aims, objects and attain~
*'1'1'aJ1slated by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed.
ments are mortal, whereas God desires for him
immortal accomplishments. ln his heart there
is no thought of God. He has sacrificed his
portion and birthright in Divine spirituality.
The reins of his control are in the hands of
desire and passion. Like two unmanageable
horses they have wrested the reins from him
and are galloping madly in the wilderness.
This is the cause of the degradation of the
World of humanity. This is the cause of retro--
gression to the appetites and passions of the
animal kingdom; instead of divine advance-
ment, sensual captivity and dehasement of
heavenly virtues of the soul. By devotion
to the carnal, mortal World human susceptibili-
ties sink to the level of animalisin.
Vv'hat are the animals' propensities? To
eat, drink, wander about and sleep. The
thoughts, the minds of the animals are confined
to these. They are captives in the bonds of
these desires. Man becomes a prisoner and
slave to them when his ultimate desire is no

