318 STAR OF THE WEST
from his father. At the end of five months, he
and -other Bahais imprisoned with him on
account of their faith, were released, owing to
the efforts of the late Haji-Mirza-Hussien-
Khan, entitled Mushire--Dawla, who was then
Minister of War. Upon his release, the clergy
of Tehe-ran' tried their utmost to persuade him
to verbally acknowledge Mohammedanisin, and
not to openly uphold the truth of the Bahai
Religion. To this he would no-t agree, and
patiently endured the most violent persecutions
and afflictions rather than accede tothe clergy
and statesmen. Afterward he gained his living
by means of his pen, and diligently labored in
spreading th-e Bahai Religion.
In 1300 A. H. (1882 A. D.), came a great
historical calamity. Large numbers of Bahais
were arrested in various Persian cities, for
now this religion had become very prevalent
throughout Persia and the Caucasus. A con-
siderable number of the nobility, comprising
M0h.ammedans, Jews, Zoroastrians, Nussey-
rites, et al., had embraced it with the utmost
sincerity, and -even did not -recant when in
danger of their lives. Consequently the fire of
envy and hatred flamed anew in the clergy and
statesmen of Teheran, who considered them-
selves defenders of the first-name-d religion.
They agree-d with. the Prince Karnran-Mirza to
persecute the Bahais. S0 they falsely accused
and calumniated them before the Shah. Also
in Resht, Isfahan and Mazanderan, most of
the clergy and statesmen determined to eradi-
cate the Bahais, and arrested a great number.
Among these were Mirza Abul-Fazl, who was
arrest-ed in Teheran, along with a multitude of
the Bahais of prominence, merchants, traders,
et al. He was confined for about one month
in the house of the Prince, and .several contro-
versial meetings and debates were held -in the
presence of the Prince, concerning this Relig-
ion.
The -opponents of the Bahais, consisting prin-
cipally o-f members of the royal family, relig-
ious doctors and stat-esmen, constantly accused
them of sedition and plots. Great efforts were
made to alienate the mind of the Shah from
them and to persuade him to decree their sup-
pression and slaughter. But as they could not
be charged with any violation of the laws 'of
the Government, "the Shah became convinced
of their innocence, and would not consent to
sentence them to death, but commanded them
to be put in chains in the royal prison. Thus
Mirza Abul-Fazl and a number of the stanch
Bahais were imprisoned in chains and fetters
for twenty-two months, subject to rigorous
distress and hardship. During mo-st of this
time, nobody was allowed to see them. Twenty-
four of them were, for fourteen days, chained
to two long, heavy chains in a dark under-
ground dungeon. Mirza Abul-Fazl relates that
for ab-out six months they received daily news
of the plots and intrigues of their enemies,
and expected death at any moment, having
entirely resigned themselves to the will of God.
After the lapse of twenty-two months, the
falseness of the accusations of the enemy was
proven. to the Shah, and he command-ed that
the prisoners should be -set free.
Released from this rigorous imprisonment,
Mirza Abul-Fazl to-ok up his residence in the
village of Gholo-hak, one of the well-known
and -delightful summer resorts of Teheran,
Where he remained about seven months, en-
gaged in lecturing and writing. Again the
Prince found excuse for his arrest, a third
time. He was imprisoned for six months in
the royal building named Otake-Nezam (the
military department), whence he was released
February 5th, 1886.

For about thirty years, Mirza Abul-Fazl
traveled in remote countries. He journeyed
northward through Persia, Turkey, the Cau-
casus, Tartaryiand Russia, as far as Moscow;
eastward as far as the confines of China and
Kash-Kar; to Syria and Egypt; and in 1901-
1902 made a trip through Western Europe and
America. During his arduous travels,'he every-
where secured a good name for. himself . and
his he consorted with the men of
learning =0-f different religions, nationalities and
schools; and acquired a vast range of knowl-
edge Which it would have been impossible to
attain without undertaking extensive and toil-
some journeys.
In 1303 A. H. (1886 A. D.), he received the
Tablet 'written by in 1300 A. H.,
in which he was commanded to travel for the
purpose of teaching the W-ord of God; and
during his distant journeys, undertaken in
compliance with this Command, many holy
Tab-le-ts were revealed in praise of his strength
and fidelity to the Cause.
While travelling, he has written. numerous
books, being considered a standard writer in an-
cient and modern Persian, as well as in Arabic.
In 1892, Mirza Abul-Fazl Wrote, in Samar-
kand, the boo-lc entitled Fassl--u-l-Khetab (Con
elusive Pro-of), in answer to questions asked by
Mirza-Heydar-Aliof Tabriz, one of the learned

