14
STAR OF THE WEST
LA Holy Tablet
Declaration to the Christians]
[This is the Tablet of Akdas, revealed from the Holy Kingdom to the one who hath
approached the Kibla of the world Who hath come from the Heaven of Pre-Existence
with His Most Great Glory]:
the Name of the Lord, The Lord of Great Glory! This is a Book from before Us
I to the one whom the covering of The Names hath not kept from Gob the Creator of
the earth and heaven, whereby his eyes may be enlightened in the Days of his Lord,
The Protector, The Self-Subsistent!
Say: 'Concourse of the Son (Christians)! Are ye hidden from Miyself because of
My Name? What maketh ye to doubt? Ye have called for your Lord the Self-Dependent,
night and day and when He hath come from the Heaven of Pre-Existence, in His Greatest
Glory, ye have not approached Him, and were of the heedless. Then consider those who
turned away from the Spirit (Christ) when He came to them with manifest power. How
many of the Pharisees were abiding in the Temples in His Name, and were entreating
because of His separation! But when the Gate of Union was opened and the Light shone
forth from the Day--Spring of Beauty, they disbelieved in Goo, The Exalted and The Great,
and did not attain to His Visitation, after having been promised thereunto in the Book of
Isaiah, as Well as in the Books of the Prophets and the Apostles. No one of them ap-
proached the Day-Spring of Favor except those who were of no account among the people,
but in whose names all the lords of evident honor boast at the present day. Remember,
the most learned Doctors oi His country in His age condemned Him to be killed, whilst
one who was a catcher of fishes believed in Him. Be astonished thereat and be of those
who remember! Likewise look at this time. How many monks were abiding in churches
and were calling for the Spirit, and when He came in truth, they approached Him not
and were of those who are afar! Blessed is whosoever abandoned them and approached
the Aim of all that is in the heavens and earth. They read the Gospel and confess not
in The Glorious Lord, after coming in His Holy, Mighty and Beautiful Kingdom. Say:
Verily We have come unto you and have endured the abominations of the world because
of your salvation. Do ye flee from Him who hath redeemed His Soul for your lives? Fear
Goo, Concourse of the Spirit, and follow not all learned men who are afar. Do ye
suppose that He hath desired His soul after being at every instant under the swords of
the enemy? or that He desired the world after being imprisoned in the most ruined of
cities? Then judge thereupon and follow not the oppressors. Open the doors of your
minds; verily the Spirit standeth behind them. What maketh ye to keep afar from Him
who hath desired to bring ye nigh to the Shining Abode? Say: Verily We have opened
unto you the Gates of the Kingdom; are ye closing the door of your houses before My
Face? Verily this is naught but a great error. Say: Verily He hath come from Heaven
as He came from it the first time; beware lest ye contradict that which He saith, as the
nations before you contradicted that which He said. Thus do I make known to you the
truth, if you are of those who know.
Surely the River Iordan hath joined with the Great Sea; the Son in the holy valley
calleth "Labe'ick," am ready, my I am ready"; and the Mount circles around the
House and the Tree calleth, "Surely the Desired One hath come in His Exalted Glory."
Say: Surely THE FATHER hath come and hath fulfilled that whereunto you were promised
in the Kingdom of G011. This is the Word the Son veiled when He said to those around
Him that at that time they could not bear it; but when the stated time was ended and the
hour arrived, the Word shone forth from the Horizon of The Will. Beware Concourse
of the Son, cast it not behind ye, but hold thereunto! It is better for ye than all that
which is before ye. Verily He is near to -the charitable.
Surely the hour hath passed, the knowledge of which We had veiled from all that is in

