102 STAR OF THE WEST
In every age and period, when they appear,
they prescribe. They know the sicknesses;
they discover the hidden illnesses and they
prescribe the real remedy. Whosoever gets
well through that remedy, finds eternal health.
For instance, in the day of His Holiness Jesus
Christ, the world of humanity experienced
great sickness. Various ailments prevailed.
His Holiness Jesus Christ was the Real Phy-
sician. He appeared and recognized the ail-
ments and prescribed the real remedy. What
was that remedy? It was His teaching, which
for that age was the real remedy. Later on
many new ailments and sicknesses appeared in
the body politic. The world became sick;
many severe maladies appeared, especially in
the Peninsula of Arabia. God manifested His
Holiness Mohammed. He came and prescribed
for the sicknesses which existed in Arabia,
so that the Arabs became healthy and strong
in that time.
Again in this age the World of humanity is
severely afflicted with such sicknesses as cause
death. Therefore His Holiness 
has appeared. He is the Real Physician; He
gives the real remedy to the world of man.
He has brought teachings for the healing of
these sicknesses; the "Hidden Words," the
"Isl/Wale/tat," the the "Tajalleyat,"
"W01'ds of Paradise," etc. These teachings are
the remedy for the body politic. These are
the Divine Teachings; the real remedy for
the sicknesses of the human body. Therefore
we must partake of this remedy so that com-
plete recovery may appear. Every soul who
lives and acts according to the teachings of
is free from all ailments and
sicknesses; otherwise, selfish ailments, intel-
lectual ailments, spiritual ailments, imperfec-
tions, the ailments of vices will surround him
and he will not receive the bounties of God
Therefore we must endeavor that our own
ailments may be cured through these teach-
ings of and without this, com-
plete recovery is impossible; because His Holi-
ness is the Real Physician, the
Skilled Doctor. He has diagnosed all the
sicknesses of the human body and prescribed
medicine accordingly. The remedies of 
of which you read in His Tablets, are
the love of God, knowledge of God, severance
from all else save God, turning one's face
toward the Kingdom of God, sincerity and
faith, firmness and steadfastness, fidelity and
love toward all humanity, kindness toward
all the children of men, and the acquire-
ment of the virtues of the human world.
These are the cause of progress for all exist-
ence, international peace and the oneness of
the human world. These are the Teachings
of They are the cause of ever-
lasting health; the remedy for man.
I hope that you may heal the sick body
of man through these Teachings, so that the
Eternal Lights may illumine the regions of
the world.
TALK GIVEN BY ABDUL-BAHA AT 309 West
78TH New YORK CITY, JULY I, 19r2.*
HAT could be better before God than
0? thinking of the poor! For the poor
are very beloved by our Heavenly
Father. When His Holiness Christ came upon
the earth those who believed in Him and fol-
lowed Him were the poor and lowly--showing
the poor were near to God. VV hen a rich man
believes and follows the Manifestation of God,
it is a proof that his wealth is not an obstacle
and does not prevent him from attaining the
pathway of salvation. After he has been
tested and tried it will be seen whether his
possessions are a hindrance in his religious
life. But the poor are especially beloved of
God. Their lives are full of difficulties, their
trials continual, their hopes are in God alone.
Therefore you must assist the poor as much
as possible, even if by sacrifice of yourself.
No deed of man is greater before God than
helping the poor. Spiritual conditions are not
dependent upon the possession of 
treasures or the absence of them. When phys-
ically destitute, spiritual thoughts are more
likely. Poverty is a stimulus toward God.
Each one of you must have great consideration
for the poor and render them assistance. Or-
ganize in an effort to help them and prevent
increase of poverty. The greatest means for
prevention is that whereby the laws of the
community will be so framed and enacted
that it will not be possible for a few to be
millionaires and many destitute. One of
teachings is the adjustment of
means of livelihood in human society. Under
this adjustment there can be no extremes in
human conditions as regards wealth and suste-
nance. For the community needs financier,
farmer, merchant and laborer just as an army
must be composed of commander, officers and
privates. All cannot be commanders; all can-
not be officers or privates. Each in his station
in the social fabric must be competent; each
TH:?5??1aiea by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed.

