 ORB OF THE 
Tablet revealed by Abdul-Baha' and spread throughout America many years ago._
HE IS GOD I
thou whom my heart addresses!
Know thou, verily, THE COVENANT is an Orb which shines and gleams
forth unto the universe. Verily, its light will dispel darkness, its sea will cast out the
thicl-t froth of suspicions upon the shore of perdition. Verily, naught in the world can
ever resist the Power of the Kingdom. Should ali man!-rind assemble, could they pre-
vent the sun from its light, the Winds from their blowing, the clouds from their showers,
the mountains from their firmness or the stars from their beaming No By thy Lord,
the Clement! Everything (in the world) is subject to corruption; but THE 
NANT of thy Lord shall continue to pervade all regions.
Address thou the waverers and say: "Have ye forgotten that which transpired in
the time of Christ? Are ye not informed of the events which took place in His blessed
Day? Did not the Pharisees rise against Him? Did they not give verdict to the
shedding of His blood, to the murder of His friends and to oppressing His chosen ones?
Have ye not heard concerning the heretics, the violators of His COVENANT (who
appeared) after Him? Are ye not informed of those kings, princes, learned and prom-
inent men who persecuted Him? Did ye not see what has been the end of the
persecutors 
And do thou advise them and illumine their inmost part, and say unto them: "By
COD, the True One! Verily, Abdul-Baha is assisted by the Beauty of EL-ABHA
who helps him with a Power whereunto all the heads are made humble. You shall
surely find the banner of hypocrisy reversed, the foundations of discord demolished
and the Standards of Peace and Harmony waving throughout all regions! 
my friend! Verily, Baha hath commanded me to be forbearing and patient,
to conceal (their doings), to forgive and pardon. Otherwise, would have rent their
covering, disclosed their sins, divulged their deeds, depicted their character and unveiled
their manners. Verily, thou art already informed of some of their deeds and it is
for you.
Consequently, turn thy face unto the Kingdom of THE COVENANT, thy heart
beating with the Love of GOD, thy soul attracted to the Fragrances of GOD, thy
tongue speaking of the appearance of the Kingdom 0! GOD, thy insight tending veils
asunder and disclosing the realities of things--and with a power which may move the
heart of all in the world.
This is a confirmation from the Lord of the Effulgence, while all else save this shall
never profit thee! This is that by reason of which thy face shall gleam, thy heart shall
be dilated with joy, thy soul become pure, thy baclt strengthened, thy spirit rejoiced and
thine identity quiclcened. Leave the people of suspicion behind thy back and adhere
to the Manifest Signs.
By GOD, the True One! Verily, the people are drunken and asleep, confused
and heedless, and this will drag them to the lowest of the low. This is no other than a
manifest loss!
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.

