STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IV I  Chicago (August Kainal I I I I  9
ABDUL-BAHA AT STUTTGART AND ESSLINGEN, GERMANY.
Extracts from Letters of Miss Alma S. Knob loch and Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, addressed
to Mrs. Pauline Knobloch Hannen.
HE most impressive feature of the letters
from Stuttgart was the description of the
children's meeting, at Esslingen, about
which Miss Knobloch wrote as follows:
"We have had some wonderful meetings; the
one in Esslingen surpassed them all. It was the
children's meeting, last Friday, April 4th, 1913,
in the afternoon. They had secured a very
pretty hall, which was most beautifully deco-
rated with greens, plants and flowers, with large
and small tables near the walls and round
tables in the center. About fifty children and
eighty adults were present. In a smaller room
adjoining the hall the children had been as~
sembled holding flowers in their hands, forming
two lines for Abdul-Baha to pass through. It
looked most beautiful as Abdul-Baha came
upstairs. He passed through a short hall and
looked so pleased and delighted to see the dear
children."
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab says of this scene: 
was overcome with surprise, emotion and joy,
and could not contain myself; the tears filled
my eyes. It was the "most beautiful, the most
heavenly, the most artistic picture that I have
ever seen in all my life. It was so beautiful!
I cannot describe these things; one must feel
them, see them. It was a glorious day for these
people, in a far~away town in Germany, to see
with their own eyes the Beloved of all nations.
What love! What attraction! What enkind1e-
ment these German believers have!
"The children handed Abdul-Baha their flow-
ers as he. came to them and greeted them
When Abdul>>Baha's hands were full, he handed
the flowers to one of the Persians, and went
up one side and down the other. Then he gave
them small boxes of chocolates and bon-bons.
They were radiantly happy. Then he spoke to
them, saying: 'These children are of the King-
dom, they are illumined with the Light of God.
They have pure hearts, clear as wherein
the rays are reflected. I love them very much.
They are mine. I hope they will receive Divine
education, that they may receive Heavenly
training; become fragrant plants in the Garden
of ABI-IA. They are very dear to me. May
God guide and protect them, make of them
useful men and women for the advancement of
the Kingdom on earth.'
"Then Abdul-Baha entered the hall. I had
to push the people back, for they had come to
the door to see what was going on. He seemed
greatly pleased, as he entered the hall, to see
the decorated tables and the green background.
After a little while, he gave an address, which
I took down. Tea was then served, and cake
and chocolate were on the table. A photograph
was then taken of the entire -group, a copy of
which I am sending you. After this Abdul-
Baha got into the automobile, the children
crowding around and waving their flowers.
Then one after another stepped up and handed
their fragrant tokens. O, it looked really
beautiful; I cannot describe it, so wonderfully
sweet! The children waving their dear little
hands, and Abdul~Baha in the auto, covered
with flowers, waving his blessed hands to them.
Abdul-Baha said that this event would go down
in history. The following were his words
spoken on the morning of April 5th, at Hotel
Marquardt, Stuttgart: 'The effect of last
night's meeting will be put on record in the
world of eternity. The mentioning of it will be
throughout centuries and will be recorded in
the countries of the Orient. Because these
children are tender plants, their hearts are clear
and transparent. They have not yet come to
the dross of the world; that is why Christ said:
"Blessed are the children, for they are of the
Heavenly Kingdom, being pure of heart." That
[Continued on page 162]

