STAR OP THE WEST 39
but having acquired tl1e second state, which is
personality, it has become a mirror. In the
beginning it was a piece of black stone, now
it has become a pure lool<ing--glass.
Therefore you can easily see that the per-
sonality or the acquired virtue has become the
means of the appearance of greater perfec-
tions, which perfections are clearly visible in
the mirror.
The rock was endowed by God with a
distinct individuality. It acquired personality
through the process of education. The indi-
viduality of all people is laudable, for every-
thing God creates is based upon divine wis-
dom. In the creation of God there is no de-
fect. However, personality has no element of
permanence in it, it is a shifting, changeable
quality in man which can be turned either
way.
For instance, when man is the manifestor
of virtues it strengthens the individuality,
and suffers his hidden forces to come into
active play. But if he acquires defects the
beauty and simplicity of the individuality will
be lost, and its God-given qualities will be
stifled in the foul atmosphere of these imper-
fections. It is self-evidently manifest that
every human being created by God is original;
that is, those heavenly attributes which are
the distinguishing features of the individuality
are created by God and deposited in man.
But if later on the personality acquires
sciences, he will become a wise man. If he is
engaged in praise-worthy deeds he will be
appreciated. If he strives in the study of
knowledges he will become perfect. If, on
the contrary, he runs after blameworthy vices
he will be adorned with exactly the same at-
tributes.
For instance, God has created man to be
just; if he does not practice justice, he l1as
gone against the attributes of his individuality.
God has created man to be merciful, but he
becomes a tyrant. God has created man to
be kind to all the children of men; on the
contrary he is inimical and hateful. God has
created man to confer life, but he becomes
conducive to the destruction of life.
All of these are the perversions of the cl1ar-
acteristics of the individuality and they are
blameworthy, and disliked by all.
Personality is obtained through the effort of
man, and through training and education. If
a fruitless tree comes under the influence of a
wise gardener, through the process of training
it becomes fruitful.
If a piece of rock comes under the hand
of a sculptor it will become a beautiful piece
of statuary. The ruined places are built up
by captains of industry. The ignorant chil-
dren learn the secrets of phenomena under the
tutorship of a wise teacher. The crooked
branch becomes straight through the influence
of the gardener.
Consequently it is evident that we have two
modes for the expression of life--1ndivid-
uality and Personality.
The former is the handiwork of God and
the latter that of man. In short, the personality
of some people is illumined, that of others
is personality of some is the mani-
festation of divine justice, while that of others
is the embodiment of infinite tyranny. The
personality of some is guidance, while that of
others is error. That which was hidden in
the capability of these souls has been manifest.
For instance, when you sow a seed, that which
is hidden in the reality of that seed will be-
come revealed and unfolded--the trunk, the
branches, the leaves and the blossoms and
the fruits which are in the seed as potential-
ities.
When pupils are being trained under the
tutorship of a teacher, education will bring
otit what is hidden in their beings.
The clouds pour down, the sun shines, and
all that which was hidden in the bosom of the
earth will come forth.
Therefore the personality of man is de-
veloped through education, while the individ-
uality, which is divine and heavenly, is praise-
worthy in origin.
God has created poison and has shown that
it is harmful to man. On the other hand sweet
things are created by Him and are enjoyed
by man. Thus it is in the nature of man to be
harmed by poison, and to find enjoyment in
sweets; but he changes his nature to such an
extent that he takes poison, such as opium
and arsenic in the form of a drug, and he
accustoms himself to it to such an extent
that if he does not receive it he may die.
Therefore man is capable of subjecting his
individuality to such a degree that poison
which was the means of death, becomes the
means of life. His nature becomes so de-
graded and his individuality so distorted that
he will long for the poison if it is not given
to him in time.
What is the cause of the change in the
individuality? It is the acquirement of evil
habits.
God benignly endows man with an indi-
viduality which enjoys the sweet and shuns

