302 STAR OF THE WEST
from the foul acts disapproved by the human
intellect and caused by passion and satanic
desires, is--praying to God. That is, if he
continues to pray, he will overcome these evil
habits!
That is why His Holiness, the Blessed Per-
fection in the Kitab-el~Akdas,
commands everyone to pray.
Therefore, it is made evident that the first
benefit is derived by the one who offers the
prayer. This will save him from committing
foul acts and from pursuing lustful desires.
And it is certain that by leaving or abandoning
the disapproved habits, the human soul is ele-
vat-ed to a holy and lofty station, and it is
saved from the prison of the world of nature.
Another question: When praying, is it nec-
essary to follow forms and customs laid down,
or will it suffice to turn the attention of only
the heart toward God?
Let it be known, first, that the commands
for prayer are those of God, therefore, no one
has authority to object or question why these
forms are cominanded, because God alone is
cognizant of the mysteries contained within
the ordinances; and, second, that the precepts
and commands appearing in the Heavenly
Books ought to be followed exactly as they
are given, inasmuch as they are for certain
purposes in accord with wisdom.
T-o illustrate: A physician gives medicine
to his patient and prescribes that he shall take
the medicine at certain fixed hours. If the
patient should take that medicine all at once
i_t would undoubtedly harm him, and perhaps
cause other illnesses. This would be the fault
of the patient, as he had not strictly followed
the orders of the doctor. The Divine Com-
mandments are likened. to those of a physi-
cian, as they are for the healing of spiritual
sicknesses. The servants of God should fol-
low the Commandments as they are written
in the Book, so that they may gain the desired
result and be protected from injuries.
There is no doubt that the essence of prayer
is the turning one's heart under all circum-
stances toward God. The great importance of
turning the heart toward God, being under-
stood, why should special material actions be
necessary? If prayer in its essence consists
of the approaching God with the heart, why
should it 'be needful to mention Him with the
tongue?
The answer is as follows: The aim, the
intention of turning the heart, the tongue, the

limbs, the members of the body toward God
in worship is this: that the prayer of the
man to God shall be with his whole being, and
that all of his members shall take part in the
act of worship. His heart should turn to God;
his tongue should mention His Name; his
limbs should bend in htun-b-leness and his whole
body should show obedience and servitude.
Thus, the light of prayer may shine through
the lamp of his whole soul, spirit, intellect and
body; not that the heart alone shall be en-
lightened with the light of prayer but that
every part of the man shall share in that il-
lumination.
If the spirit approaches the Presence of God
and the body is not partaker therein, it is as
though one should worship in dreams while
his body were asleep. If, however, the body
acts in prayer, while the spirit is directed
elsewhere, it would be like the movements of
a child without thought, and thus aimless.
But when the spirit, heart, tongue and all the
members unite in worshipping God, then it
will be as a perfect man performing an im-
portant act with reason and intellect.
Consequently, the first principle of prayer is
the turning of one's heart to God. Second--
the united and harmonious action of all the
parts and members.
Let it be known that, in each cycle, the
Holy Being of the Manifestation is the reality
of prayer, inasmuch as he is the clear Mirror
reflecting the Supreme God. The "First
Point," the BAB (May my soul be a sacrifice
to him!) said: "Prayer, in its prime reality,
is a name for the Manifestation of God."
For example: In the cycle of his holiness,
Jesus Christ, he was the real prayer: In the
time of Mohammed, he was the reality of
prayer: In the great Day of"Him-whom-God-
Shall-Manifest," the Blessed Perfection is
the perfection of prayer?'
as 
Therefore, it is seen that one of the doors,
through which one may enter the Kingdom,
and attain the meeting of God, is prayer, but
it should be offered exactly according to the
rules laid down in the heavenly Books. Today
the firm ones in the Cause of G003 and His
Covenant must thank God and give glory to
Him that they have been awakened from the
sleep of negligence. They have heard the call
to the Real Prayer from the blessed tongue
of ABDUL--BAHA, have arisen to render service
*See editorial, page 304.

