STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
taith and 'all men as brothers: that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IV Kowl 1, 69 (November 2351*" e_ so er'?
6 1 11?:
17+.

- EIF -THE - [lF- 7+
i 
-m -THE - TWENTY - arcuun -YEAR - 
it

ls-  _i 1
gs; is-' er: 
CENTER OF THE 


J.
the twenty-sixth of November is known among the Bahais as the "Feast oi the
A Appointment of the Center oi the Covenant," the STAR OF THE WEsT--i0llo\ving its
procedure of last year--devotes this issue to a presentation of the important subject
of TI-IE COVENANT and THE CENTER OF THE COVENANT.
During Abdul-Baha's sojourn in America, he awakened the friends to a realization of
the greatness of this matter and the necessity of turning to- the appointed Center and remain-
ing firm therein, saying 
"Today, the most important afiair is' firmness in The owe-mam', because in
The Covenant wards of dijj'e1'e1zces.
"In former cycles no distinct Covenant was made in writing by the Supreme Pen; no
distinct personage was appoint-ed to be the Standard differentiating falsehood from truth,
so that whatsoever he said was to stand as truth and that which he repudiated was to be
known as falsehood. At most, His Holiness Jesus Christ gave only an intimation, a sym-
bol, and that was but an indication of the solidity of Peter's faith; When he mentioned his
faith, His Holiness said, 'thou art Peter'--whi'ch means upon this rock will I
huild my ehurch.' This was a sanction of Peter's faith it was not indicative of his (Peter)
being the expounder of the Book, but was a confirmation of Peter's faith.
"But in this Dispensation of the Blessed. Beauty among its distinctions
1s that He did not leave people in perplexity. He entered into a Covenant and Testament

