252 STAR OF THE WEST
to God! that the Orb of the Centre of the
Covenant is shining and His Mercy is all-
encompassing. He is teaching us, and gently
and lovingly guides us in the. right path.
We all hope to- serve him in some way or an-
other; to win his good pleasure by sincerely
walking in his footsteps; to become the signs
of his love; the em.bodiment of his compas-
sion, and the humble followers of' his eternal
law.
From tl1e "Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,"
Iuly 3, 1913.
The Cause of is the Solv-
ent for All Problems
Whether we live in the East or in the Wes-t,
the invisib-le Power of is unifying
our scattered forces and training us for the
service of His Kingdom--the kingdom of uni-
versal lo-ve and inter-racial amity. To-day, the
world of humanity is in need -of this Power
more than at any other time. The keen com-
petition which is carried o-n by the captains of
industry and finance; the discontent and social
unrest of the laboring classes; the bigotry and
extreme fanaticism of religio-nists; -the heat
and bitterness with which fantastic controver-
sies are upheld between sectarians; the spirit
of superiority with which some nations look
upon others; the lust of conquest and the de-
sire for the extension of territory; the social
and political rivalries between nations and
governments, and the hatred and enmity ex-
isting between the different races 1--all these
antagonistic forces clashing against -each other,
ap-parently aggravate the situation and make
"confusion worse confound-ed."
But the Power of the Blessed Perfection
has come to stay, bringing healing under its
Wide, outstretched wings. This Power alone
is the solvent for all these puzzling problems.
T'-here may be found here and there some
medicine to give temporary relief; but the
lasting and permanent cure is the Bahai
Power, which unites all peoples and sets at
naught their seeming differences. This Power
alone transforms the hearts, inspires the sp-ir-
its, uplifts the minds, reveals the secrets of
Love and unfurls the Banner of Divine Broth-
erhood.
From the "Diary of Mirza Ahmad S0hrab,"
July s, 1913.
 --
The Power of the Cause
"The glad-tidings of the Kingd-omof ABHA
are effective over -the hard stone and resusci-
tates -the dried b-ones. Like unto the do-wn
pouring of the vernal shower, they cause
the growth of roses and hyacinths, jasarnines
and jonquils out of the black soil! Although
the inhabitants of that city are submerged in
the sea of materialism and it may take some
time before they are awakened, yet the Melody
of the Kingdom of ABHA shall finally quicken
them; the Cup of the Lo-ve of God'Will be-
come full to overflowing, impart a wonderful
exhilaration and allay the thirst of the thirsty
ones."
Extract from Tablet by ABDUL-BAHA.
Quoted in "Diary of lvlirza Ahmad Sohrab,"
Iuly 11, 1913.
 
The Basis of Bahai Public Teaching
"The basis of the Call teaching and
delivering addresses] must be the Oneness of
the world of humanity, so that -the religious
fanaticism, sectarian bias, racial prejudice and
political prejudice may be removed and all
mankind may enter under the uni-colored
tent of the Oneness of the World of Human-
ity, the hearts may affiliate with each other,
the souls be attracted, and the East an.d the
West may embrace each other. This must be
the basis of your addresses in public meet-
ings."
How Great Movements Have Advanced
"All great movements have advanced
through altruism, selflessness, and self-sacri-
fice, and not tli-row-gli the iflitercha-nge of public
It is my hope that all of us may arise
with the greatest power to serve this most
imp-or.tant Cause (Universal Peace) and be-
come the means of the welfare of the world
of humanity."
Extracts from Tablets by ABDUL-BAHA.
Quoted in "Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,"
July 12, 1913.

Concerning Tempo-1-a1 and Eternal Sover-
eignty
"Know thou, verily, I say unto thee that the
conditions of this mo-rtal World, even if it be
the kingship of the Whole expanse of this
globe, is ephemeral. It is "an illusion. It is
ended in nothing; ne-ither_ does it contain any
results, nor, in the estimation of God, is it
equal to the wing of a mosquito.
"Wl1ere are the kings and the queens?
Where are the palaces and their mistresses?
Where are the imperial thrones and jewelled
crowns? Where are the mighty rulers of
Persia, Greece and Rome? Verily, their pal-
aces are in ruin and desolation, their thrones

