STAR OF THE WEST 103
in his function according to ability; but just-
ness of opportunity for all.
Lycurgus, King of Sparta, who lived long
before the Day of Christ, conceived the idea
of absolute equality i11 government. He pro-
claimed laws by which all the people of Sparta
were classified into certain divisions. Each
division had its separate rights and function.
First farmers and tillers of the soil. Second,
and merchants. Third,--leaders
or grandees. Under the laws of Lycurgus
the latter were not required to engage in any
labor or vocation, but it was incumbent upon
them to defend the country in case of war
and invasion. Then he divided Sparta into
nine thousand equal parts or provinces, ap-
pointing nine thousand leaders or grandees to
protect them. I11 this way the farmers of
each province were assured of protection, but
each farmer was compelled to pay a tax to
support the grandee of that province. The
farmers and merchants were not obliged to
defend the country. In lieu of labor the
grandees received the taxes. Lycurgus, in
order to establish this forever as a law,
brought the nine thousand -grandees together,
told them he was going upon a long journey
and wished this form of government to remain
effective until his return. They swore an oath
to protect and preserve his law. He then left
his kingdom, went into voluntary exile and
never came back. No man ever made such
a sacrifice to insure equality among his fellow-
men. A few years passed and the whole sys-
tem of government he had founded collapsed,
although established upon such a just and wise
basis.
Difference of capacity in human individuals
is fundamental. It is impossible for all to be
alike, all to be equal, all to be wise. 
has revealed principles and laws which
will accomplish the adjustment of varying
human capacities. He has said that whatso-
ever is possible of accomplishment in human
government will be effected through these prin-
ciples. When the laws he has instituted are
carried out there will be no millionaires pos-
sible in the community and, likewise, no ex-
tremely poor. This will be effected and regu-
lated by adjusting the different degrees of
human capacity. The fundamental basis of the
community is agriculture,--tillage of the soil.
All must be producers. Each person in the
community whose income is equal to his indi-
vidual producing capacity shall be exempt from
taxation. But if his income is greater than
his needs he must pay a tax until an adjust-
ment is effected. That is to say, a man's ca-
pacity for production and his needs will be
equalized and reconciled thro-ugh taxation. If
his production exceeds he will pay no tax;
if his necessities exceed' his production he
shall receive an amount sufficient to equalize
or adjust. Therefore taxation will be propor-
tionate to capacity and production and there
will be no poor in the community.
likewise commanded the rich
to give freely to the poor. In the Kitab-eZ-
Akdas it is further written by Him that those
who have a certain amount of income must
give one-fifth of it to God, the Creator of
Heaven and Earth.
ABDUL-BAHA AT 830 PARK AVENUE, NEW
YORK CITY (Hons or Mas. FLORIAN KRUG),
JULY I5, I912.
(Abdul-Balm entered reacting of a
Prayer.)
HE Persian Consul called and delayed
me,--I am late. I am greatly pleased
to see you. Your hearts are illumined
by the Lights of Baha. This meeting is in
reality a divine, celestial assembly under the
favor of God. All of us have no other pur-
pose than praising and meeting God. The
prayer you have just offered is a prayer of
thankfulness;--a prayer of thankfulness did
ye offer.
Thankfulness is of three kinds: First-
verbal thanksgiving which is confined to a
mere utterance of gratitude. This is of no im-
portance because perchance the tongue may
give thanks while the heart is unaware of it.
Many who offer thanks to God are of this
type,--their spirits and hearts unaware of
thanksgiving. This is mere usage, just as
when we meet, receive a gift and say "thank
the words without signifi-
cance. One may say "thank you" a thousand
times, but the heart remain thankless, even
sorry. Therefore mere verbal thanksgiving is
without effect. But real thankfulness is a
cordial thanksgiving from the heart. Vlfhen
man, in response to the favors of God, mani-
fests susceptibilities of conscience, the heart
is happy, the spirit is exhilarated. These spir-
itual susceptibilities are ideal thanksgiving.
But there is a cordial thanksgiving which
comprises the deeds of man when he feels a
lContinned on page 106]

