10 STAR OF
mountains of Sarkalu, his whereabouts un-
known to all. 'When he returned to Baghdad
the teaching was renewed and in 1863 A. 
nineteen years after the Bab's proclamation,
he openly declared his mission as "He Whom
God shall manifest," for twelve successive days
in the Rizwan or garden of the city.
At that time he and his followers, now
known as Bahais, were removed to Constanti-
nople and soon after to Adrianople, where
they remained until 1868 A. 13., when, under
pressure from enemies, they were transported
to the political prison of Acca in Syria. Acca
is about twenty miles from Nazareth, the home
of Jesus, and nine miles from Mt. Carmel, the
scene of many scriptural events. Thus was the
Bahai Manifestation driven by its enemies into
the Holy Land, God's Land of Promise. "God
moves in a mysterious way his wonders to
perform l"
The purpose of this imprisonment was to
exterminate the movement, as it was supposed
to be already extinguished in Persia by the
killing of all who were known to be affiliated
with it. Acca was famous for its deadly
malarial conditions and prisoners there were
usually short lived. It was said that a bird
attempting to fly over Acca would Cl1'Op dead.
All but a scattered and unknown few of the
former Babis in Persia had been martyred.
There were seventy men, women and children
with in that exile, and so secretly
were they removed to Acca, so close was the
imprisonment there that, for a long time, none
of the "friends" in Persia or elsewhere knew
what had become of them.
was confined alone in the highest
room in the prison tower and all of the others
were herded together like cattle in a large
room in the barracks below. They were
allowed no communication with persons out-
side; they were subjected to extreme hunger,
vile food and water, mud, filth and disease;
typhoid fever and dysentery broke out among
them and all but five were ill. Even some of
their guards were sick. One man only was
left to care for them all; that man was Abbas
Effendi, the son of now known as
Abdul-Baha, the Servant of the Glory of God.
In spite of the horror, disease, oppression and
suffering, these people lived to be released
from close imprisonment after a long period,
and eventually they were allowed the freedom
of the Valley of Acca, reaching from Acca to
Haifa, nine miles away.
It was during this time of strictest confine-
ment, when each loaf of bread was cut open
THE WEST
by the guards to see that it contained no com-
munication, that the long epistles, "Letters to
the Kings," were sent from that prison tower
to the monarchs of the earth, including the
Pope at Rome, Queen Victoria, Napoleon 
and the President of the United States, calling
upon them to recognize BAI-IAJOJLLAI-I as the
Messenger of God. It was then, when the
Cause seemed to human sight to be extinct
and buried beyond possibility of resurrection,
that the most triumphant paeans of victory
were penned by the exiled captive in his silent
chamber in the prison tower of Acca. He
proclaimed the triumph of the Spirit of God
over the whole earth as an accomplished fact,
the utter defeat and rout of the hosts of dark-
ness and the victory of the Glory of God
the Word of God, over the
hearts of men throughout the world. Today,
millions of happy souls are rejoicing in that
Word, devoting their lives to that Cause and
proving that the Word was divine and from
the Almighty God, and that the imprisoned
man, who suffered that the Word might come
to its new birth and maturity among men, was
indeed the Manifestation of the Will of God.
For forty years taught and
wrote, all of that time an exile and much of it
in what he called--"the greatest prison." His
works are voluminous and all are filled with
instructions of exalted wisdom for both the
spiritual and material evolution of man. They
parallel the divine teachings of all past ages,
illumining and showing them forth in wonder-
ful clearness and new beauty. They meet the
needs of the spiritually hungry in every
religion and clime; they penetrate the hearts
and thrill the souls with divine aspiration and
light; they melt away all separateness in the
fires of love and bring believers from every
part of the world into a perfect unity.
Prof. Edward G. Browne, Lecturer in Per-
sian to the University of Cambridge, England,
who visited in 1890, said: "The
face of him on whom I gazed I can never
forget, though I cannot describe it. Those
piercing eyes seemed to read one's very soul;
power and authority sat on that ample brow,
while the deep lines 011 the forehead and face
implied an age which the jet black hair and
beard, flowing down in indistinguishable luxu-
riance almost to the waist, seemed to belie.
No need to ask in whose presence I stood, as
I bowed myself before one who is the object
of a devotion and love which kings might envy
and emperors sigh for in vain."

