STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES 11 YE.4R
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street Chicago Ill. U. S.A.

Entered as second-class matter April 9. 1911, at the post office at Chicago. Illinois. under the Act of Manih 3.1879.
Editorial Siafl: ALBERT R. WINDUST GERTRUDE BUIKEMA DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
$1.00 per year; 10 cents per @053}; 
Non --Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, Ill.. U. S. A.
To personal checks please add suflicient to cover the bank exchange. 
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. ofsox 283, Chicago, 111., U. s. A.
Vol. IV 7 WChicago (June 24, 1913) Rahmat  6
CA BLEGRAM FR 0.711 ABD UL-BA HA
Bagdadi, 803 Madison, Chicago.
Port Said, June 19.
Arrived safely, Port Said, with joy and fragrance. ABBAS.
TRAINING FOR SERVICE IN THE CAUSE OF 
Words of Abdul-Baha delivered during his sojourn in America
WISH to train you until you have no other
I thought, no other motive, no other wish than
service in the Cause of The
Divine Educators who have brought the Light
of Guidance to this world found neither rest
nor comfort by clay or night. Abraham, Moses,
Jesus, Mohammed, the
Heavenly Messengers suffered the utmost pri-
vation and underwent extreme hardships in
the Pathway of God. They were exiled from
their native land, imprisoned, driven from
city to city; they Were homeless, hungry and
found no rest; they lived in the fields and hid
in caves among the mountains; the sky was
their canopy, the hard earth their bed. But all
these difficulties and hardships served only to
increase their power and accomplishment.
Through these privations and persecutions
they were severed from the world. Although
they walked upon the earth, they lived in
Heaven. Deprived of material food they par-
took of the eternal fruits of Paradise. Home-
less and forsaken in this world, they rested
upon the Divine Couch of Nearness. Day and
night they were unceasingly proclaiming the
Call of the Kingdom and establishing the
foundations of the Most Great Peace.
It was so likewise with their disciples and
followers. All of them walked in the Pathway
of God and drank the cup of with
thanksgiving. They sought no rest but service
and hastened to the Supreme Concourse in the
utmost joy and ecstasy.
Through my training you must become so
fitted to spread the Glad-Tidings of the AIBHA
Kingdom that you will follow in the footsteps
of these blessed ones in gladness. In Persia
there is a wonderful breed of horses which are
trained to run long distances at very great
speed. They are most carefully trained at
first. They are taken out into the fields and
made to run a short course. At the commence-
ment of their training they are not able to
run far. The distance is gradually increased.
They become thinner and thinner, wiry and
lean, but their strength increases. Finally,
after months of rigid training, their swiftness
and endurance become wonderful. They are
able to run at full speed across rough country
many parasangs of distance. At first this
would have been impossible. Not until they
become trained, thin and wiry, can they en-
dure this severe test.
In this way I shall train you. 
"kam-kam" (little by little, little by little),
until your powers of endurance become so in-
creased that you will serve the Cause of God
continually, without other motive, without
other thought or Wish. This is my desire.
You must become impervious to criticism,
unconscious of attack and abuse, nay, rather
welcoming persecution, hostility and bitterness
as the means of testing and increasing your
supreme faith in God; even as His Holiness
Christ instructed His disciples "Bless them that
curse you; pray for them that use
you." Be therefore as spiritual adamant against
these darts, arrows and swords of infliction.
We will help each other to bear them. First
by love and increased zeal in the Heavenly
Cause. For by exercise the spirit grows
stronger, more capable of withstanding, just
as the muscle of the outer body increases its
fibre through continual action. You must

