134- STAR OF
several thousand dollars had already been paid
on that tract and it seemed bad to let it go,
especially as land values were increasing, so it
was decided, after getting together, that it
should be retained, because the main tract was
then paid for or would be within a few weeks.
Then he said, "You must not build under a
mortgage." It would seem to me from the
way he spoke that it was contrary to Bahai
principles to have any debt, and that we must
first create our fund and then spend as might
be best. As I understood it, he may not have
used the word "mortgage," but I understood it
clearly that we must establish a correctness in
all our business affairs, which shows that the
Bahai teaching is that we must "make good,"
and that first our fund must be gathered.
'Ne spoke about doing certain work in order
to create more money; but let each of us give
one dollar a month, or whatever it may be-
and by the way, while this is the time of the
discussion ot the minimum wage, that does-
not mean that the minimum wage is to be the
established scale. [Laughten]
It is very nice for those of us who have an
opportunity to earn money to do some humble
task within reach in order to create another
penny or two, but we have no record of
the widow having gone out into other chan-
nels in order to earn additional money-she
gtwe what she had. If it may be possible for
us to increase our earning, yes, that is line and
beautiful, but sometimes I have wondered
whether we were doing right in the giving of
this to the Mashrak-el--Azkar. For instance,
I had a lot of photographs made, and they
cost me thirty cents, or thirty-five, and I said
I will put the price at fifty cents, which will
pay postage and leave something for the Mash-
rak-el-Azkar, and I talked with my mother and
she said, "No, do what you can." If you can
reach out and create an additional fund, very
well and good, but the widow gave what she
ha-d. Do not misunderstand me, it is all for
the Cause, but it seems to me that we are more
expert in our own work than in stepping out
of our circle into something else. If we had
no work in which we were expert, then we
might do that, but let us first give what we
have and give our attention to that which is
most productive. The good woman in the
household does not own very much money,
and no means of income, and she may say, 
must do some sort of don't mean to
discourage that; it is not so much the question
of the creation of additional income, which
does not hurt a bit, of course, as it is of giving
THE WEST
what we have in our jeans now. I think that
if some such plan as has been spoken of were
adopted, and that does not mean that no one
must give beyond that~but if each delegate
would make the suggestion for his assembly
that the least he will give is a dollar, some-
thing would be accomplished.
MR5. CLAUDIA Couss: Abdul-Baha has said
that the work of the Temple is not a matter
of individual effort but of united effort. There
is first the spring, then the rill, then hundreds
of rills, then a great river and then the
mighty ocean. May that be the Way in which
We work for the Mashrak-el-Azkar.
[The convention adjourned until 2 o'clock.]
AFTERNOON SESSION.
[The Session was opened by silent prayer
and the healing tablet for Mrs. Hull of Mus-
kegon and Mrs. Roberts of Denyer.]
THE CHAIRMANI We are here trying the
methods of spiritual consultation. I will read
Abdul-Bal1a's address* on spiritual consulta-
tion. [Reading of address referred to.]
Now we have the perspective all right.
Do you know how to apply it? God's 'Nord
has been spoken in our day and we have heard
it, and we have not only heard the Word of
I-Iis truth and love, but of His command. To
what does it move us? To what effort does
it arouse us? VV hat shall we do about it?
MRS. OBERZ Mr. Chairman, may I say a
word? Our Chairman has just said that the
Word of God has been spoken in our day, and
While he was talking there came to me the
remembrance of a memorable day in Montclair
when the Word of God was spokenl with
creative power. Now for the first time we
have had the chance to know of this spiritual
consultation since Abdul-Baha's departure
from America, which Was three days after he
read the declaration oi the CENTRE OF THE
COVENANT. At the time I refer to, he was
walking up and down the veranda. A few of
us were there, and I said to the interpreter,
will you tell Abdul-Baha that some of us feel
that since the declaration of the Covenant, a
new spiritual capacity has been born in man-
kind; and he turned "suddenly and said that it
was so. He walked to the end of the veranda
and looked off, silent for a while, and then
he said, with great emphasis, that it was not

See page 11, No. 4, Vol. STAR OF THE Wmsm.
1' See page 9, No. 14, V01. Sana on THE WEST.

