The Glad--Tidings of the Kingdom
YQU know in what Day you are living? Do you realize in what Dispen-
sation you are alive? Have you not read in the Holy Scriptures that at the
Consummation of the Ages there shall appear a Day which is the Sun of all the
past Days? This is the DAY in which the LORD OF HOSTS has come down from
Heaven on the Clouds of Glory! This is the AY in which the inhabitants of all the
world shall enter under the Tent of the WORD OF GOD.
This is the AY whose real sovereign is His Highness THE ALMIGHTY. This
is the DAY when the East and the West shall embrace each other like unto two lovers.
This is the AY in which war and contention shall be forgotten. This is the DAY in
which nations and governments will enter into an eternal bond of amity and conciliation.
This Century is the fulfillment of the Promised Century.
This AY is the dawn of the appearances of the traces of the glorious visions of
the past prophets and sages.
Now is the dawn; ere long the Effulgent Sun shall rise, and shall station itself in
the meridian of its majesty. Then ye shall observe the effects of the Sun. Then ye shall
behold what heavenly illumination has become manifest. Then ye shall comprehend
that these are the infinite Bestowals of GQDI Then ye shall see that this world has
become another world. Then ye shall perceive that the Teachings of GOD have
universally spread.
Rest ye assured that this darkness shall be dispelled and these impenetrable clouds
which have darkened the horizon will be scattered, and the Sun of Reality shall appear
in its full splendor. its rays shall melt the icebergs of hatred and differences which have
transformed the moving sea of humanity into hard frozen immensity. The vices of the
world of nature shall be changed into praiseworthy attributes, and the lights of the
excellences of the divine realm shall appear.
The principles of His Holiness like unto the spirit, shall pene-
trate the body of the world, and the Love of GOD, like unto an artery, shall beat
through the heart of the five continents.
The East shall become illumined, the West perfumed and the children of men shall
enter beneath the all-embracing canopy of the oneness of the world of humanity.
In this Day the rest of the world are asleep. Praise be to GQDI that you are
awake! They are all uninformed, but, praise be you are informed of the
mysteries of GOD. Thank ye GQD that in this arena ye have preceded others. I hope
that each one of you may become a pillar of the palace of the oneness of the World of
humanity. May each one of you become a luminous star of this heaven, thus lighting
the path of those who are seeking the goal of human perfection.
ABBAS
Talk by Abdul-Baiia at Paris,Marc/| I0, /913
Translated from the Persian by MirzaAhmad Solirab
 i  

