106 STAR OF
Divine Guidance and reliance upon the Mani-
festations of God. The other is the road of
Materialism and reliance upon the senses.
These roads lead in opposite directions. The
first leads to the world of the Kingdom; the
other ends in the world of human vices, and is
contrary to the cause of Divine Guidance.
For example ;--consider a babe at the mother's
breast ;--0bserve its natural aggressiveness,--
its instinctive antagonism. It claws and bites
the mother, even attacks the fountain of life
THE WEST
itself. A barbarous and savage country is a
country which has been deprived of education,
where men are utter materialists like animals.
Such a nation embodies all human defects and
vices. They even kill and eat each other.
Divine Education is the sum total of all de-
velopment. It is the safeguard of humanity.
The world of nature is a world of defects and
incompleteness. The world of the Kingdom is
reached by the highway of Religion and is
the Heaven of all Divine Virtues.
ADDRESSES BY ABDUL-BAHA DELIVERED IN NEW YORK CITY
[Continued from page 103]
heart gratitude which expresses itself in ac-
tions. For example, God has conferred upon
man the gift of guidance -and in thankfulness
for this great gift certain deeds must emanate
from man. To portray his gratitude for the
favors of God, man must show forth deeds and
actions. In response to these bestowals he
must render good deeds, be self sacrificing,
kind to all the servants of God, forfeiting even
life for them, showing kindness to all the
creatures. He must be severed from the world,
attracted to the Kingdom of ABHA, the face
radiant, the tongue eloquent, the ear attentive,
day and night striving to attain the good
pleasure of God. \/Vhatsoever he wishes to
do must correspond with the good pleasure
of God. He must observe and see what is
God's good pleasure and act accordingly.
There can be no doubt that such commendable
deeds are thankfulness for the favors of God.
Consider how grateful any one becomes
when healed from sickness, when treated
kindly by another or when a service is ren-
dered by another, even though of the least
assistance. If we forget such favors it is an
evidence of ingratitude. Then it will be said a
loving kindness has been done thankless, not appreciating this love
and favor. We are submerged in the sea of
God's favor,--physically and spiritually. From
the standpoints of our physical and spiritual
natures we observe how we are surrounded
by His favors. He has provided all foods,
drink and other requirements; His favors en-
compass us from all directions. The suste-
nances provided for man are blessings. Sight,
hearing and all his faculties are great bless-
ings. These blessings are innumerable 
matter how many are mentioned, they are still
endless. Now spiritual blessings are likewise
endless ;--spirit, consciousness, thought, mem-
ory, perception, ideation and other endow-
ments. By these He has guided us and we
arrive at His Kingdom. He has opened the
doors of all good before our faces! He has
vouchsafed eternal glory! He has summoned
us to the Kingdom of God! He has enriched
us by the bestowals of God! Every day He
has proclaimed new g1ad--tidings! Every hour
fresh bounties descend!
Consider how all the people are asleep and
ye are awake! They are dead and ye are alive
through the breaths of the Holy Spirit! All
are blind while ye are endowed with per-
ceptive sight! All are deprived of the Love
of God but in your hearts it exists and is
glowing! Consider these bestowals and
favors.
Therefore in thanksgiving for them ye must
act in accordance with the Teachings of BAHA-
Ye must read the 
- 
the holy utterances,--and act according to
them. This is real Thanksgiving--to live in
accord with these Utterances. This is true
Thankfulness and the Divine Bestowal. This
is Thanksgiving and Glorification of God.
I hope you all may attain mind-
ful of these favors of God,--and be attentive.
It is my hope that I may go away from New
York with a happy heart; and my heart is
happy when the friends of God love each
other ;--when they love and manifest the
mercy of God to all people. If I see this I
shall go away happy.
Salutations I
OUR PERSIAN SECTION thisissue contains:
(1) Talk by Abdul-Baha on "Nearness to God;"
(2) Tablet to Mirza M. Bakir and M. Ali Moshir-
Tojjar; (3) Tablet to Mirza M. Bakir: (4) Visit-
ing Tablet for Mirza M. Ali-Moshir-Tojjar the
martyr: (5) Photograph of the martyr with his
sons and nephew; (6) Poem by Mirza Hussein
Touty; (7) Cablegi-am from Abdul-Baha announc-
ing his arrival at Port Said.

