STAR OF THE WEST 17
THE IN AMERICA: ANNOUNCEMENTS
IT is with pleasure that the Executive Com-
mittee of the Bahai Temple Unity announces
that the $3,000 and interest due March 1, has
been paid. We appreciate and thank the
friends for their hearty co-operation and
support
We are also pleased to advise you that there
was a surplus of $412.62 in the treasury for the
use of the trustees towards paying for the
coming taxes this spring. We shall need,
however, about $300 additional to fully meet

.yin
  tiredwifi
. . 
-. . 11,!  i 1  
.
- an  
The Executive Committee can proceed with
its work only in proportion to the funds
on hand. We are striving to accomplish a
great deal in the way of improvement, but
our first duty and instruction from Abdul-
Baha is to clear the land of debt; then We
can give more consideration to the buildings
Which shall be erected thereon. V5.76 realize
the sacrifice many have made during the past
year, but we must not allow ourselves to lapse
into inactivity, but rather show forth greater
-- - 
- 

2
2
1

-
H, /f

 
Abdul-Baha addressing delegates and friends to the Bahai Convention in Chicago, 1912.
Scene inside tent erected on Mashrak-el-Azkar site.
the total amount of taxes and assessments due.
Our next payment upon the Lake Shore tract
is due September I, I913, and We hope that all
the friends will bear this in mind and continue
their endeavors in raising funds, so that this
payment may be met.
We appreciate very greatly the hearty re-
sponse that has been given to all past calls for
funds and with your continued co-operation
we shall soon clear the whole indebtedness of
the Lake Shore tract, as we have previously
managed to clear the debt upon the main
tract.
*No-rn-The the
Dawning-place of Praises--is an edifice Where peo-
ple of different nativities, races, colors, faiths.
sects, denominations shall meet under one dome
and adore the One God in the same spirit of
Truth. The first to be erected in the Western
World will be upon a tract of land comprising
zeal and energy since Abdul-Baha has left our
shores, and should he return to America in the
near future we should strive to have enough
work done upon the main building that he may
lay its cornerstone. This will call for com-
bined energy of the friends.
ANNOUNCEMENT OF CONVENTION
To the Bahai Assemblies of America, Greeting:
In accordance with provision of Article 6 of
the Constitution of Bahai Temple Unity, the
Executive Board of the Unity announces that
the Annual Convention of the Unity Will be
about five acres near Chicago, which has been
paid for with contributions sent from nearly
every country on the globe by people formerly
adherents of the seven great religions. It will be
an outward expression of the new Consciousness,
11371-oving the Century of Light has 
clitors.

