STAR OF THE WEST 225
long' to someone else it is time for the be-
lievers to refute such falsehoods."
While an emphatic answer is being written
to this pamphlet, we refer anyone who may
be confused, to "The Brilliant Proof," written
by Mirza. Abul Fazl, and published by Abdul-
Baha during his sojourn in America, which
is an answer to the criticisms of an ill-wisher
of and Abdul-Baha. It is dis-
tributed by the Bahai Publishing Society, 5205
Jefferson Avenue, Chicago. Price, I5 cents.
The Editors.
 i1
FIRST ANNIVERSARY OF THE PASSING OF THORNTON CHASE.
Los Angeles Bahais hold services in their Assembly Hall and at the gr-ave.
loving compliance with the request of
I Abdul.-Baha, the friends in Los Angeles and
vicinity celebrated the first anniversary of
the passing of our brother, Thornton Chase. A
party of ten went to the grave on the afternoon
of September 30th, decorated the grave with
flowers and spent an hour in prayer and com-
munion.
The following Sunday a memorial service
was held at the hall in Los Angeles, reading the
Tablets and Utterances revealed by Abdul-Baha
for our brother, and recounting his services in
the Cause.
On Sunday, October 19th, being the anniver-
sary of thevisit of Abdul-Baha to the grave of
Mr. Chase, a service was held at the hall, the
talks of Abdul-Baha delivered in Los Angeles
a year ago being read. Then we went to Ingle-
wood Cemetery and laid our loving tributes
upon the grave of the departed, also a wreath
of immortelles from the Chicago Assembly,
after which a half hour was spent in prayer and
reading of the Hidden Words he loved so well.
As we entered the cemetery the sun, a ball of
fire just above the horizon, shed a radiance
over the landscape impossible to describe. S0
quiet and peaceful, so beautiful is that spot,
it seems more like heaven than earth. As we
came out, the sun had set, but the golden glow
of the western sky flooded the distant hills and
the lawn-like stretches of low lands at our feet.
As we turned to gaze behind us at the beauti-
ful cemetery we had left, that wonderful glow
was over all. Indeed, we felt, as we boarded
the car, that we were going back i11to the busy
world of activity from the portals of heaven.
All felt the benediction of that Presence in
those two visits, that we had been baptized
anew with the Spirit, and went forth resolving
to emulate the virtues of our brother who had
so gloriously attained and served the Cause so
well.
We give you below extracts from two hither-
to unpublished talks of Abdul-Baha, while in
Los Angeles, in regard to our brother. The first
is from his talk given on Saturday night, Octo-
ber 19, I9I2, the evening of the day of the visit
of Abdul-Baha to this sacred spot, and the sec-
ond is the closing words of his final talk 011
Sunday, October 20, 1912. I-I. C. W.
WORDS OF ABDUL-BAI-IA.
I came from San Francisco to see you and to
visit Mr. Chase's grave. Truly, Mr. Chase was
a glorious personage, having no desire save the
good pleasure of God. I-Iis attention was di-
rected to the Kingdom of God. He served dur-
ing his lifetime. He was not at all wanting in
service. He compiled certain books proving the
validity of the Movement. As much as he could,
he endeavored to guide the people. You will
never forget him, may you ever pray for him,
be ever respectful to" his family, and be a source
of comfort to them. As many times as pos-
least once a year--you should make it
a point to visit his tomb, for his spirit will be
exhilarated through the loyalty of the friends.
and in the world of God will it be happy. The
friends of God must be kind to one another,
Whether it be in life or after death.

The deceased, his honor Mr. Chase, was a
blessed soul; he was a holy reality. His station
in this life was not known. Yesterday I took
a special trip and visited his tomb. At the time
of visiting his tomb I found wonderful spiritu-
ality. You must celebrate yearly, am/molly, the
day of his depar'tm'e from this life, and all of
you, oh my behalf, may go and visit hisblessed
tomb; and if possible spread a feast for the
poor and give charity to those who are depfived
on that 0ccas1'oh.'i' Mention the services he has
rendered, read passages from his'words, and
*No'rE--It would seem from this statement that
Abdul-Baha desires either or both of the days to
be remeniberedz (1) The day 0f'the departure of
Thornton Chase, September 30, 1912; (2) the day
of the visit of. Abdul-Baha to the grave, October
19, Editors.

