STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strites,
these ruinous wars shall pass away. and the Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IV 1, 69 (December 12, 1913) No. 15
THAT which is THE MOST IMPORTANT OF ALL THE AF-
FAIRS IN THIS DAY is to TEACH THE CAUSE OF 
You must engage in the diffusion of the Fragrances of GOD, so
that ye may impart life to the worlds, illumine the dark regions, confer
new existence upon these mouldering, dead bodies, make intelligent and
mindful these negligent hearts. Thus may they free themselves from
this nether world and soa.r t-0-ward the Universe of the Almighty!
From Tablet to Albert Chicago.
Tramlated 061:. 23, l9|3, Ramleh, Egypt.
--ABDUL- BAHA.
 
A CALL TO TEAC 
Extracts from the "Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab"
This is the Divine Season of Seed Sowing
$6 is not my duty to command particular
I persons to arise and teach the Cause.
Whosoever arises to spread the Word and
performs this service, will behold the Doors
oi Confirmation are open wide before his face.
This is the season of teaching, and therefore
it will yield results. In every season, some-
thing will be productive. If, -during the seed-
so-wing time, we want to gather the harvest,
we shall fail. If, at the time of irrigating, we
desire to do something else, failure will be
the result.
"Now, this is the Divine season of seed-
sowing. Every Bahai must become a heavenly
cultivator. If, at this season, he performs the
prayers of all the past and future ages, it
will yield no fruit. My primal object of this
long trip was to show, by deed, to the friends
of God, that this is the season of teaching the
Cause. Although Acca and Haifa [Syria]
are the headquarters of t-he Cause, and I
sh-ould stay there and from those Centers
administer the affairs of the Cause, yet I left
everything and traveled throughout the earth
to herald the COn'1ing of the Kingdom of ABHA.
"Any person desiring to be surrounded by
the Confirmation of the Blessed Perfection
must arise and teach the
Cause.
"This is the Path!"
Words of ABDUL-BAHA.
From the "Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,"
Iuly 2, 1913.

We Must Be Up and Doing
The Bahai Cause is much in need of real,
earnest workers; workers who will surmount
all opposition, meeting the antagonist as a
firm rock before the blowing of the winds of
tests and storms of trial. How many trees
are uprooted by one ternpestuous wind and
how many ships have been wrecked by one
storm!
There are many lands athirst for the Water
oi Life; let the friends of God irrigate them
with the vernal showers now descending from
the Kingdom of ABHA. There are many
souls hungry for the Heavenly Bread; we
must invite them to the Banquet oi the Lord.
The lethargic must become active, the sleep--
ing ones must be awakened; the dispirited
ones receive a share of the inexhaustible
Favors, and the sweet music of the Supreme
Concourse be heard.
We must be up and doing some kind of
service, no matter how slight it is. Praise be

