102 STAR OF THE WEST
ABDUL-BAHA AT STUTTGART AND ESSLINGEN, GERMANY.
[Continued from page 155]
was a spiritual meeting, a heavenly meeting, the
Light of the Kingdom was shining upon it. The
Confirmation of the Spirit surrounded that
meeting.' 
Abdul-Baha reached Stuttgart at 8 p. 
April Ist, and alighting from the train, pro-
ceeded at once to the hotel. On the train he
had said to the Persians: "This is the best
thing; we will arrive in Stuttgart, take our
rooms in the hotel, settle down and call up the
friends. How surprised they will be! Is this
not a fine plan? We are going to surprise
them. Then when they come they will find us
in their midst, and knowing nothing about it at
all. Yes! This is the best plan." He sent for
Messrs. Herrigel and Eckstein, a11d Miss Knob-
loch, and it was arranged that evening that
Abdul--Baha would receive the friends during
the morning hours at the Hotel Marquardt, en-
gagements and meetings to be planned for
afternoons and evenings. The first afternoon
was devoted to a drive in the Royal Park with
Mr. Herrigel, following which the many friends
who were gathered at his home were seen.
Another meeting was held at Mr. Herrigel's
home that evening, at which Abdul-Baha said,
addressing the believers: "How attracted and
enkindled are the German Bahais! How full
of love they are! Love does not need a
teacher."
On the morning of April 3rd, many inter-
views were conducted, and numerous children
were present. At 3 p. when the stream of
visitors had been seen, Consul Schwarz came
with his automobile and Abdul-Baha was taken
to the famous Castle Solitude. Returning to
the Consul's home, a number of prominent men
and women were addressed. At 8 p. m. the
first public meeting was held at the "Burger
Museum;" more than five hundred persons
were present.
April 4th, many groups were seen at the
hotel. Among other things Abdul-Baha said
that morning, after four hours of consecutive
talk: was most happy to see the believers of
Germany so holy, so pure and so united. They
are the Angels of the Paradise of ABHA. You
pray that the flame of the Divine Fire may be
ignited in all Germany." At 4 p. m. the party
left in an automobile for Esslingen, where the
children's meeting, previously described, was
conducted.
On Saturday, April 5th, the morning was oc-
cupied with many interviews. At 3 in the after-
noon an automobile ride was planned to the
Royal Palace of Emperor Wilhelm. This most
interesting and historical place is built after
the plan of the Alhambra. In the evening
Abdul-Baha addressed the Esperantists.
A trip through the noted cherry blossom dis-
trict, with the trees abloom, and leading
through the Black Forest, was a feature of
April 6th. Later group photographs, which are
being sent, were taken at the Park in Wangen-
burg. This was followed by a ride to Zuffen-
hausen, where Mr. and Mrs. Schweizer were
visited at their home in that town. That even-
ing the largest public meeting of the series was
given at the "Obere Museum," in Stuttgart.
This was arranged by the women Bahais. The
day closed with supper at the apartment of
Misses Knobloch and Doring.
April 7th, Mergentheim-Bad, over miles
from Stuttgart, was visited, the trip being
taken in automobiles of Consul Schwarz. The
night was spent there, returning to Stuttgart
April 8th. At 8 p. m. the party left for Buda-
pest, making exactly eight days spent in and
around Stuttgart. ]os1-ran H. HANNEN.
- 
OUR PERSIAN SECTION:
This issue contains: (1) Tablet from
Abdul-Baha to the editor of the Theosophy
in Scotland and Secretary of the society at
Edinburgh, Scotland, Mr. Graham Pole; (2)
Tablet from Abdul-Baha to the friends at
Stuttgart, Germany; (3) supplication from the
friends at Stuttgart to Abdul-Baha; (4) sup-
plication from Mr. and Mrs. Wilhelm Herrigel,
Stuttgart, to Abdul-Baha; (5) news from Port
Said by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab; (6) latest news
concerning Abdul-Baha; (7) article from Den-
ver by Bozorgzadeh.
CORRECTION 
On page I4I of the last issue of the STAR or
THE Wasr in the report of the Convention
Proceedings, the name "Mrs. Coles" should
read "Mrs. DeLagnel." This error was due
to confusing Mrs. Josephine Cowles, now Mrs.
DeLagne1, with Mrs. Claudia Coles.

