52 STAR OF
By this we mean the all-comprehending Re-
ality, and the depository of the infinite divine
virtues.
This W01-d has an (honorary) beginning and
not a beginning of time. For instance, we say
this person has precedence over all. This
precedence comes to him through the station
and honor which he has now in life, but it is
not a precedence of time.
In reality the Word has neither a beginning
nor ending. It means those perfections which
appeared in Christ and not His physical body.
Those perfections were from the part of God.
It is similar to the rays of the sun which
are reflected in a clear mirror. The rays, the
light and the heat of the su11 are its per-
fections which have become manifest in the
mirror.
The perfections of Christ were the splen-
dor and bounty of God. It is evident that
these qualities were ever with God, even at
this time they are with Him, they are insepa-
rable from Him, because divinity is not sub-
ject to division. Division is a sign of imper-
fection, and as God is the Perfect One He
cannot be divided.
It is clear that the perfections of the Di-
vinity are co--equal and co-existent with the
Essence. In that station there is absolute
Unity. This in brief is the exposition of the
Station of Christ.
P.M.: What is the similarity between the
Cause of Christ and that of 
And what relation do they hold towards each
other?
A.B.: The foundation of the religion of God
is one. The same basis which was laid by
Christ and later on was forgotten, has been
renewed by His Holiness 
As we said, the object of divine religion
is one--each religion is divided into two parts.
The first part is essential, and it belongs to
the world of morality. It is the exposition of
significances and realities. It is the expres-
sion of the love of God, the knowledge of
God. This is one in all the religions, un-
changeable and immutable, because it is the
reality, and the reality is immutable and un-
changeable.
The second part is non-essential. It be-
longs to practical life, to transactions and
business. This changes according to the re-
quirements of the time in which the Prophet
lives.
For example, during the days of His Holi-
ness Moses, the foundation and the origin of
THE WEST
the religion of God spelled morality, and
that was not changed in the Christian dispen-
sation, but certain differences crept in through
the change of the second part of the religion.
For during the Mosaic period the hand of
a person was cut off because he had com-
mitted a small theft; there was the law of
an for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth.
This was according to the spirit of the age,
but as these laws were impracticable at the
time of Christ, they were abrogated.
Likewise divorce: It had become so univer-
sal and so easily put into practice, that the
laws of marriage were too easily broken, there-
fore His Holiness Christ forbade it.
According to the exigencies of the time, His
Holiness Moses revealed ten laws for capital
punishment. It was impossible at that time
to protect the body politic and preserve social
security without these severe measures. For
the children of Israel lived in the wilderness
of Tah, they could not protect their rights
and establish safety without these severe meas-
ures.
As they were too antiquated in the time of
Christ, they were abolished. The difference in
the second part of religion is unimportant, be-
cause it belongs to the customs of_ life Only,
but the foundation of the religion of God is
one. Therefore His Holiness 
has renewed that foundation.
The Cause of Christ was wholly spiritual.
He did not change anything save the Sab-
bath and the law of divorce. All the sayings
of Christ deal with the knowledge of God,
with the oneness of the world of humanity,
the moral relations between the hearts, spir-
itual susceptibilities.
His Holiness created these
merciful sentiments in the most complete form
and deposited them in the hearts of men.
This is in keeping with the teachings of
Christ, because it is the reality and the reality
does not change.
Is it possible to say that divine unity is
divisible, or the knowledge of God, the one-
ness of the world of humanity, universal love,
and the solidarity of the human race, are ever
subject to transformation?
No, I declare by God they are immutable,
for they are the reailty.
P.M.: What is the relation of Christ and
with God?
A.B.: His Holiness Christ said "The Father
is in me"--this we must understand through
logical and scientific evidences, for if we do

