40 STAR OF
the poison, but ma11 through evil habits
changes the creation of God, and transforms
the divine illumination into satanic darkness.
So long as man is a captive of nature, sub-
merged in the sea of materialism, pursuing the
dictates of self and desire, he is vanquished
and defeated. This passionate ego takes the
reins from his hands, and changes him into an
animal. He will fall so low that he will be
unable to judge good from evil. He will not
be able to distinguish light from darkness,
THE WEST
neither will he be able to behold the angelic
attributes.
Therefore this acquired individuality which
is the result of evil customs becomes the
dominant note of his life.
I hope that all of you may be freed from
these dangers, delivered from the world of
nature, enter into the realm of light, and be-
come divine, radiant, merciful, God-like and
confirmed.
i_i 
THE PATHWAY OF THE DISCIPLES OF CHRIST
Talk given by Abdul-Baha, ]une 11, 1912, at 309 West 78th Street, New York City
Interpreted by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed
[After instructions upon certain matters,
Abdul-Baha continuedzl
HE essence of the intention is that I
Twish you to pray for me and I will pray
for you. The pathway we shall walk to-
gether is the pathway of the disciples of
Christ. After the departure of His Holiness
to the Supreme Paradise, the disciples who
had followed His teachings met together in
consultation upon the summit of a mountain
near Iaffa. Such a consultation was never
before held. They said to each other, "His
Holiness Jesus Christ has been crucified. He
offered His life in this way, gave up His rest
and comfort, forfeited His happiness, re-
nounced His possessions, family and life, and
quaffed the chalice of He edu-
cated us in order that we might arise after
Him in His Cause. He sacrificed His life
that the oil in the lamps of our souls might
become ignited and His Light shine forth
from them. He suffered on the cross that we
may irrigate the tree of His planting. He
consented to- a cruel death in order that the
seed of His sowing mi-ght be cultivated and
preserved by us. Now must we be loyal to
His Holiness. If we wish to be loyal We
must arise to carry out the duties of loyalty.
Otherwise each of us will continue to seek
after his own livelihood, rest and comfort;
each, like other people, find repose, enjoy a
family, have a household, provide food and
strive to gain glory and power. Shall we do
this?" All said, "No! We must be loyal
and faithful to His Holiness Jesus Christ.
Therefore with our attachments we
cannot attend to His service in a true spirit of
severance. We must either be occupied with
ourselves or engaged in His service. This
Cause is a very great Cause; a Cause that is
weighty and important, not light and trivial;
a Cause that is not easy to carry and serve.
First, to be severed and free from all other
occupation we must give up and relinquish
our family ties and that which pertains there-
to. Because the management of a household
and family is a hindrance to service. God has
not created two hearts for man, one for living
in the world and one for service in His Cause.
Therefore either must we be occupied with
our own service and affairs or with service to
Christ. Is not this the ultimate arrangement?
Yes! it is the ultimate arrangement! He who
is tied to a family, let him then arrange to
leave it; he who is not should not take a
wife and the duties of a family; then will he
be free, severed and without burden or
hindrance in the service of God. Is this right?
Is this the ultimate arrangement? Are we
united upon this? Yes! Second, in the path-
way of Christ there is strife, persecution,
blame, imprisonment, banishment, suffering
and many other burdens which we must ac-
cept. Have we accepted them? Yes! we
have assuredly! Third, we must go among
the peoples of the world, proclaiming the glad-
tidings of the Kingdom of Go-d, spreading the
fragrances of Christ, summoning them to the
Sun of Reality in order that this dark world
shall become illumined. Is this the ultimate
arrangement? Yes!"
Then they took an oath and covenant among
themselves, embraced each other and descended
from the mountain, some going to the East-
ward, some to the West, North and South.
So they were scattered. Some became trace-
less, as it is not known where they traveled
or where they died. It is said some died in
India.
The reality of the condition is this: We
must be loyal to the Threshold of the Blessed
Beauty and be willing to give our lives for

