STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago Ill.,U. S.A.

Entered as second-class matter April 9. 1911, at the post ofiice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3. 1879.
Editorial Slafl: ALBERT R. WINDUST GERTRUDE BUIKEMA -- DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
 Terms; $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy. Tm"  
Note--Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U. S. A.
if To personal checks please to cover_the_banlc- exchange. A 
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Chicago (August 1, 1913) Asma ff i i N0. 
CONSTITUTION OF THE BAHAI TEMPLE UNITY.
I-IE IS 
"We, the Bahai Assemblies of North Amer-
ica, in unity convened at the City of Chicago,
to the end that we may advance the Cause of
God in this western hemisphere by the found-
ing and erection of a Temple with service ac-
cessories dedicated to His Holy Name, and
devoted in His love to the service of mankind,
do hereby adopt the following constitution:
Article 1.
"We acknowledge God as the Source and
Preserver of our Unity, revealed to us through
the Manifestation of His Glory in 
LLAI-I in this Day, and declared by the beloved
Servant of God and man, Abdul-Baha.
Article 9.
"The name of this Unity shall be Bahai
Temple Unity.
Article 3.
"The object of this Unity shall be to acquire
a site for and erect and maintain thereon a
Bahai Temple or Mashrak-el-Azkar, with serv-
ice accessory buildings, at Chicago, Ill., in ac-
cordance with the declared wish of Abdul-
Baha.
Article 4.
"The powers of this Unity shall abide in the
several Bahai Assemblies, now and hereafter
comprising it, a11d shall be exercised through
one representative chosen by each established
Assembly, to serve for the term of one year.
If more than one Assembly shall exist or be
established in any city or local municipality,
such Assemblies shall unite in the one repre-
sentative, except the following, which shall
each select two representatives: New York
(Borough of Manhattan), Chicago and Wasli-
ington. New York (Borough of Brooklyn)
shall select one representative.
Article 5.
"The affairs of this Unity shall be managed
by an Executive Board of nine members to be
selected by open ballot in convention, or writ-
ten assent by mail, and whose term of office
shall be one year. From their number the
Executive Board shall select a President, a
Vice-President, a Secretary, a Financial-Secre-
tary and a Treasurer.
"The two Secretaries and the Treasurer shall
constitute the Temple Treasury, in which name,
by joint action, they shall receive, deposit, in-
vest and disburse all funds of this Unity, under
the direction of the Executive Board, and until
incorporation, as herein provided, shall hold as
Trustees the property of this Unity.
Article 
"The annual meeting of this Unity shall be
held during the Rizwan April 21
to May 2--time and place to be selected by the
Executive Board; at the same time and place
shall be held the annual meeting of the Execu-
tive Board. All other meetings shall be upon
call or at stated periods as fixed by the Execu-
tive Board.
Afiiclc 7.
"The local seat of this Unity shall be the
City of Chicago, Illinois, where an office shall
be established and maintained until the erec-
tion of the Temple.
Article 3.
"The Executive Board shall have power, in
its discretion, to incorporate this Unity un-
der the Religious Incorporation Act of 
or such other state as they may select.
Article -9.
"This constitution may be amended at any
annual meeting of the Unity, or by mail, but
only upon assent of at least two-thirds of the
component Assemblies to such proposed
amendment, and not until it shall be recom-
mended by at least two-thirds of the Execu-
tive Board, and thirty days' written notice
thereof shall be given to all the Assemblies
before action."

