
STAR OF THE WEST
THE BAHAI (GLORIOUS) MESSAGE
BY MIRZA 
God is the One who inspireth the hearts of His servants with that which he willeth!
In the Name of our Lord, 
HE IS 
TESTIFY with my being and identity that verily He is God! There is no God but Him!
I He hath ever been God, and will be forever more the One, the elf-subsistent, the Eternal!
And I testify that verily the Blessed Perfection, His Holiness, is no other
than the Most Great is His Grandeur and Glory!--who was
promised in all the Holy Scriptures, and that the most great Mystery of God, THE BRANCH
extended from the Ancient Root, who hath decorated his head with the crown of Servitudet
and -named himself Abdul-Baha (the Servant of Baha), is the Successor of the Blessed
Perfection, the Center of His Covenant, and the Aim of His Testament.
And I testify that the hands of the Cause of God, bearers of His Ordinances to the
servants and preachers of His Manifestation in the countries, are the saints of God and His
chosen ones. By them the standard of the Cause of God is raised and His Signs are
promulgated among the creatures. They are the lamps of God for all in the iheaven and-'
upon earth. Upon them be the Glory of God, His Praise and His Mercy!
ye, our brothers, who believe in God and in the Books of all His religions! Know that
all of us are unanimously believing in the Ancient Entity, the Eternal God; that He is the
Creator of all things; that, verily, He hath ever been and will continue to be forever.
We also believe that the Prophets and the Manifestations of God were all bearers of the
Message of God, and that the Holy Scriptures are His books. Accordingly, our belief and
religion is that all the Prophets are of necessity as one light, one reality and as the rays of
one sun, even though they may appear to be different each from the other and each as a
different person talking in a different tongue. Therefore, all their laws and books must needs
be as One Law and One Book, even though some of the ordinances be, in form, contradictory
to others; because all of them have spoken on the part of God, the One, the Unit, and all the
Ordinances and Laws are also revealed on His part. This assertion is in no need of further
rational proof.
Now we submit that there are in the Holy Scriptures references concerning the Most
Great Manifestation, and other predictions and signs regarding the "end of the days."
These prophecies are recorded in various texts, both chronological and symbolical. All the
nations have awaited the appearance of such signs, and the coming Manifestation of their
Promised One, with earnest expectation. Yet, to the present day, the Sun of their hopes has
not appeared to them from the horizon of their expectation.
As to the honorable and faithful Bahais, they believe that, verily, the promises and
prophecies given in the Holy Scriptures have become fulfilled during the nineteenth century
after Christ by the appearance of the Prince of the Universe the Most Great 
exalted is His Glory! This claim, held by them, is the best tidings to the expectant ones and
a great joy to the seekers. But only those can approve it who are endowed with a pure heart
and fortified Witl1 the confirmation of God, and who hearken With sincerity to perfect proofs,
to decisive and satisfactory arguments.
The Bahai people is ready with all power and strength to prove its claim and to unfold
the truth of its religion, not through material force, but by spiritual power-; not through the
strength of this world, but by that of the Kingdom. The Bahais wage War with all the armies
of the nations of the world, not with swords and weapons, but through the power of Utterance
and the unfoldment of the mysteries and meanings of the Divine Words. They subdue the
cities of hearts, not with assaults of armies of men, but rather by indisputable proofs, by love,
compassion and affection. Their sword is the Word of God; their hosts the divine Inspira-

