156 STAR OF THE WEST
ADDRESS BY ABDUL-BAHA AT STUTTGART.
On the Evening of April 6, 1913, in Obere Museum (Small Hall),
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab and Mr. Eckstein, interpreters; stenographic notes by F. R. and M. Schweizer
Translated from the German by Mr. and Mrs. Charles Ioas, Chicago.
BOUT 250 persons were present. The
A hall was very prettily decorated. Miss
Alma S. Knobloch read a prayer. Miss
Julie Staebler favored the audience with sev-
eral beautiful songs and during the singing of
one of them Abdul-Baha entered. The as-
sembly arose, showing him great respect. The
following are a few extracts from the intro-
ductory remarks of Consul Schwarz:
INTRODUCTION BY CONSUL SCHWARZ
"Dear'Friends: I have been asked this even-
ing to speak a few words of welcome, which I
am very glad to do, and especially so as I see in
your happy faces the great impression which
the presence of Abdul-Baha has made upon
you.
"Seeking after Truth is as old as mankind.
In accordance with the prophecies of the Old
Testament, Jesus Christ came, bringing light,
love, and truth; but the world recognized
Him" not and He and His followers were
despised and rejected of men. Again, as in the
days of old, is the world submerged in a sea
of materialism and all things are influenced by
it. The spiritual favors are neglected and sup-
pressed. And now, in fulfillment of all proph-
ecy, has come and has brought
the rejuvenation of Religion--not a new re-
ligion, but Religion renewed. He has come to
awaken the world from the sleep of negligence
and to bestow upon it the divine favor. Let
us not, like those of 2,000 years ago, be blind to
the light, but let us accept and appreciate the
heavenly favors which have been so freely
bestowed upon us, and let us hasten to spread
the glad-tidings among our relatives and
friends, that they, too, may partake of the
heavenly feast. Look at the Son of
Abdul-Baha, the Servant of God!
Who can turn from his loving eyes or from
the kindness of his words! He calls himself
'The Servant of God.' We recognize in him
an Ambassador of God, who has come to teach
us truth, light and love. let us remember
his words and tell them to our children and
our children's children! Let us receive the
blessing of Abdul-Baha--it will sanctify our
lives. Blessed be this hour to us!"
ADDRESS BY ABDUL-BAHA.
Many meetings are organized and established
in all parts of the world; societies and organiza-
tions for the extension of general intercourse
and extension of industry. These are societies
in the interest of arts, and political parties are
formed in different lands to watch the interest
of the party. The establishment of all these
societies is, in reality, only for the material
life. Praise be to God! This illuminated as-
sembly has no other purpose than to serve God.
It is established to bring about the oneness of
the human societies, it is organized to establish
the companionship among different nations and
races, to promulgate universal peace, so that all
religions may again find the foundation of
unity, so that all nations may come under the
shelter of mercy, for the foundation of all re-
ligion is brotherhood, comradship and friend-
ship to all. But alas, a thousand times alas!
Religion, which should serve to promote one-
ness and love among men, has become an instru-
ment of animosity and hatred. Religion, which
was established to build up and gladden hearts,
has become a means of darkening the world.
All the prophets appeared that oneness of men
might be taught. How much suffering these
prophets had to endure to unfold this illumina-
tion among men. His Holiness Jesus Christ
offered His life. He endured the greatest
humiliation; His head was crowned with a
crown of thorns. He endured all things so that
the world might again unite and that He
might cement the hearts of men through His
love. But today the first duties of religion are
neglected. The first duty and the basis of
each religion is the love of God. Love has
vanished and hate and animosity have taken its
place. Instead of these simple principles we
now have dogmas and imitations, and because
the dogmas and imitations differ we have con-
stantly strife and war. Fanaticism is the only
aim. These fanatics are actually thirsty for
their brother's blood, they condemned one
another and considered each other unclean.
When this darkness encompassed the horizon
of the East, there appeared in the Orient,
who illuminated the East. He
proclaimed the oneness of mankind. He an-
nounced that all humanity are the sheep of One
Shepherd, and God is the only true Shepherd
of these sheep. He is a kind and true Shepherd.
He could not be kind toward His sheep had He
not created them. If He did not love them
He would not take care of them. Now if God

