STAR OF THE WEST 101
TALK GIVEN BY ABDUL-BAHA AT 309 Wasr
78rn S12, New YORK CITY, JUNE II, 1912*
AN must be lofty in endeavor. He must
seek to become heavenly, to become
spiritual, to find the pathway to the
Threshold of Go-d, to become acceptable in the
sight of God. This is eternal glory, to be
near to God. This is eternal sovereignty, to
be imbued with the virtues of the human
world. This is boundless blessing, to be en-
tirely sanctified and holy above every stain and
dross.
Consider the human world. See how nations
have come and gone. They have been of all
minds and purposes, Some have been mere
captives of self and desire. They have been
engulfed in the passions of the baser nature.
They have attained to wealth, to the comforts
of life, to fame. And what was the final out-
come? Utter evanescence and oblivion. Re-
fiect upon this! Loo-k upon it with the 
of admonition! No trace of them remains, no
fruit, no result, no benefit; they have gone
utterly; complete effacement!
But souls have appeared in the world who
have been pure and undefiled, who have di-
rected their attention toward Go-d, seeking the
reward of God, attaining nearness to the
Threshold of God, acceptable in the good
pleasure of God. They have been the lights
of Guidance and stars of the Supreme Con-
course. Consider these souls, shining like
stars in the Horizon of Sanctity forevermore.
It must not be implied that one should
give up avocation and attainment of livelihood.
Nay, on the contrary, in the Cause of 
LLAI-I monasticism and asceticism are not sanc-
tioned. In this Great Cause the Light of
Guidance is shining and radiant. His Holiness
has even said that your occupa-
tion and labor is devotion. All humanity must
by sweat of the brow and bodily exertion ob-
tain a livelihood; each one at the same time
seeking to lift the burden of the other, striv-
ing to be the source of comfort to souls, and
facilitating the means of living. And this in
itself is devotion to God. has
in this Way encouraged and stimulated action,
service. But the energies of the heart must
not be attached to these things; the soul
must not be completely occupied with them.
Though the mind be busy the heart must be
attracted toward the Kingdom of God, in
*Trans1ated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab_ and taken
stenographically by Miss Emma C. Melick.
order that the virtues of humanity shall be
attained from every direction and source.
But we have forsaken the path of God; we
have given up attention to the Divine King-
dom; we have not severed the heart from
attractions; we have become defiled
with qualities which are not praiseworthy in
the sight of God; we are so completely steeped
in material issues and tendencies that we are
not partakers of the virtues of humanity.
Little reflection, little admonition is neces-
sary for us to realize the purpose of our crea-
tion. What a heavenly potentiality God has
deposited within us! What a power God has
given our spirits! He has endowed us with
such a power that we are able to penetrate the
realities of things. But we must be self-
abnegating, we must have pure spirits, pure
intentions, and strive with heart and soul while
in the human world, to attain glory everlasting.
I have come for the purpose of admonition
and voicing the behests of And
my hope is this; that His wish and admonition
may influence your spirits, souls and hearts,
causing them to become pure and holy, sancti-
fied and illumined, making you lamps of
Heavenly Guidance! This is my desire; this
is my hope through the assistance of God.
i 
TALK BY ABDUL--BAI-IA AT 309 '\/Vast 78TH Sr,
NEW YORK CITY, JUN-E 17, 19r2.*
SHOULD all visit the sick. When
 they are in sorrow a11d trouble it does
them much good to have a friend
come. Happiness is a great healer to those
who are ill. In the East it is the custom to
call upon the patient often and meet him indi-
vidually. The people in the East show the
utmost kindness and compassion. This has
greater effect than the remedy itself. You
must always have this thought of kindness
and compassion when you see a sick person.
You must call upon him. You must exercise
the utmost love and affection.
I desire to speak upon this subject to you.
The world of humanity is like unto a man.
Just as a man is ever subject to illness, it
also has various kinds of ailments. The pa-
tient should beidiagnosed. The world of
humanity is subject to many sicknesses and
ailments and needs the Real Physician. The
Prophets of God are the Real Physicians.
*'I'ra11s1ated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab and taken
stenographically by Miss Emma C. Melick.

