STAR OF THE WEST 139
Executive Board, should be able to count upon
that at all times. We all know that this Tem-
ple is going to grow outwardly in proportion
to our inward growth. \Ve a.lso know that
tremendous events will revolve around the
Mashrak-el-Azkar; for instance, the great op-
portunities it will open up for the delivery of
the Message.
I recall an incident that is undoubtedly
known to a great many of you, for it has been
written about by those who have traveled in
the Orient, of certain stores established in
Bombay. The Bombay believers are isolated
Zoroastrians largely, an humble people, but
through pure servitude and great efficiency,
they have developed a system of restaurants in
Bombay, and, through the attraction of these
restaurants and the spirit in which they are
run, they have gained a large percentage of the
best trade of that large city of a million and
half of people. They have one store there in
which Abdul-Baha is a partner, and they have
supplicated to him to apply the profits of that
store to the purposes of the Revelation. Bom-
bay is divided into different communities, and
this store is located on the outskirts of one
community so that they are able to serve not
only their own community, but certain num-
bers of the other communities, and they are
constantly working to assist the spiritual
progress of the. Cause through their very busi-
ness. I do not know how much money is being
made in this store, but a considerable sum has
come from this store and- from other stores in
Bombayifor the payment of the land upon
which we are to build the Mashrak--el-Azkar.
Now there is need of the Bahai being the most
practical person in the world; he sees a great
vision, but at the same time he must make the
immediate application. There is going on
around this building, and must go on around it,
the problem of the economic adjustment of the
world, and this has been laid down to some
extent by Abdul-Baha in his statements here
in America and in England recently. Now it
would seem that we should apply these prin-
ciples to the extent that may be possible, so
that we may apply both the spirit and the let-
ter. I make it as a suggestion that We could
work out, in conjunction with this demand for
great sacrifices, certain plans which are also
revealed, and certain adjustments which are to
be made. Abdul-Baha has said that there
would be for each village a central storehouse,
and that there should be a percentage collected
from all the believers, and that the surplus or
profits will go into this central storehouse for
the purpose of the village, and that in the
larger cities a proper plan shall also be worked
out. Now the proposition of one-nineteenth, or
Whatever proportion is acceptable is Working
somewhat on that principle, but is not as elas-
tic as it will be in the future. Somehow We
should work out a plan that is going to work
all the time. We should be sure oi a regular
income.
THE CHAIRMANZ I am going to appoint a
committee with the approval of the rest of you
who will, as far as they can, make a statement
of your suggestions, a report, to be handed on
for your Executive Board and for action for
the coming year.
[The Chairman appointed Mr. Alfred E.
Lunt, Mr. Roy C. Wilhelm, Mrs. Corinne True,
Miss Edna McKinney and Mrs. Claudia Coles
as such committee. The Chairman then called
011 Mr. Maxwell of Canada to speak.]
MR. We cannot expect to build
the largest building in the world, but we may
build the most beautiful; it should be one of
beauty and permanence rather than size. Al-
though two million and six million dollars has
been mentioned, I think $500,000 is a better
figure. The New York Public Library and
other famous buildings in New York were
under construction for eight or ten years.
The completion of the Mashrak-el-Azkar will
be, perhaps, live years in the future, and
would mean the raising of $100,000 a year.
Now it there are 5,000 Bahais in America, and
that number will be increasing, and each gives
on an average of one dollar a month, that
ought to cover our needs. If you can get a
hundred thousand dollars the first year, it
ought to be very much easier to raise that
amount every succeeding year.
THE CHAIRMAN: Mr. Hannen has a few
words to say and then we will adjourn.
MR. HANNENZ Most of you know of the
splendid representation that the Christian Com-
monwealth of London has given to our Cause,
especially in the edition of January 19th, I913,
containing a copy of a photograph of Abdul-
Baha. I have a few copies of this. Word has
come from Abdul-Baha, through Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab, that he would be very glad to have at
least one person in each Assembly subscribe
to this paper as an expression of appreciation.
[Meeting adjourned]
[Continued on page 141]

