STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations sha1l- become one in
taith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away. and the 'Most Great>> Peace' shall 
Vol. IV Chicago (September 8, 1913) Eizzat No. 10
THE POWER OF COVENANT OF ALONE
REGENERATES MANKIND
RECOGNITION OF CENTRE OF THE THE IMPORTANT MATTER
BEFORE THE WORLD TO-DAY.
Extracts from letter to a Balmi Assembly in America
BY CHARLES MASON REMEY.
URING my travels of the past few months
I have found that while the problems of
each assembly assume their own special
character, there is but one vital universal ques-
tion. This is that of firmness in The Center of
the Cozzenaht. Until this matter is solved no
problems are solved; and when this matter is
solved (when we are firm in The Covenant),
all of our problems are solved.
When the members of an assemb'ly are each
and all firm in The Center of The Covenant
they are then organically united and the life
of The Covenant is manifest in their midst--
thus the will and the desire of God may be
accomplished. In no other way can it be done.
We all must be firm in The Center of The
Covenant, in the love of Abdul-Bahal

"The Root of all knowledge is the knowl-
edge of God, Glory be to Him, and this knowl-
edge is l'!4lj70SSll7lEUR save through His Mam'-
"Words of Wisdom," BAHA-

God has manifested Himself in this day, as
in times past, that mankind shall be quickened
and aroused from his human or natural condi-
tion of spiritual darkness into one of spiritual
illumination or life eternal.
The spiritual, or divine life, of the soul is
not a condition into which man can evolve by
virtue of his human perfection. It is a con-
dition into which he is born only through be-
lieving in, having faith in, and obeying the
Manifestation of God sent unto him through
the bounty of the Eternal One.
The divinely quickened soul has within it
that element of spiritual or eternal life which
is not found in natural or human man. This
is the line of demarkation or differentiation
between the kingdom of man and the Kingdom
of God.
In the mineral kingdom there is no physical
life, while in the vegetable kingdom there is
physical life. In the kingdom of natural or
human man there is no divine or spiritual life,
while in the spiritually quickened souls there is
divine, spiritual or eternal life.
Eternal life or divine illumination is not
spontaneously generated in the souls of men.
Man receives this new life directly from the
Manifestation of God or the "Word Revealed."
The Manifestations of God have been the
unique centers from which the world has re-
ceived all knowledge of God, and outside of
these divine channels no divine enlightenment
has ever come to humanity. Therefore, how
necessary and important is it that in each
prophetic day mankind should seek God's re-
vealed Word, and abide there in centering
their lives in the Manifestation of God.
Through each of the Divine Revelators of
the past, God made the promise to man that
during these latter days of the world He would
establish His Divine Rule upon earth--that He
would fulfill His Covenant, and establish His
Kingdom Triumphant among men.
In the coming of The Bab who was T-he
First Point, who was The Pre-
existent Root, and Abdul-Baha The Branch,
Branched from The Pre-existent Root--in this
triple coming is realized the fulfillment of all
of the Divine Promises of the past and the
establishment of the Covenant of God.
As the life in the branch of the tree is the
same as that in the root, so the Divine Spirit
man-ifest in Abdul-Baha--Tl1e the
same as that manifested in 

