OOK thou with seeing eyes at the world about thee and at the inhabi- 
tants thereof. Upon the stage of this immense theatre, most spectacu-
lar plays are being enacted. On one side thereof thou wilt see the
victorious and the vanquished legions of profit and loss. On the other
side thou wilt observe the Waves of the sea of folly rising and falling. Cries
are being raised on every side and the agonies of revolution, revolt and
unrest reach unto the ears of progressive men. There is a tremendous
strike and clash between capital and labor, and the war between the
aristocrats and democrats is carried on relentlessly with bow and arrow,
sword and javelin. The phalanxes of a great army are drawn in battle 
array, each division taking its position. Armed troops and artillery are
to be found in every part of the field. The flash of the swords of enmity
blind the eyes from even the most remote distance, the lightning effect of
breast plate and lance and the sparkle of the bucklers of hatred light up
the night and bewilder the sight. In short: strife, battle, slaughter and
war are prepared in organized perfection.
On the other hand thou wilt hear that from every house strains of
music are raised, and confusing melodies of harp, lyre, cymbal and flute
are heard, and mad revellers are dancing to the tunes, while they are ineb~
riated with the wine of vanishing pleasures. In one place thou wilt behold
the wanton and soiled decorations, and in another the flimsy shows of the
gilded class of creatures. On the one hand is to be seen the embellish~
ment and luxury made possible through illicit wealth, and on the other
hand the ravishing of this mortal world of its beautiful appearance.
From different parts are to be heard sighs of anguish, lamentations
of poverty, cries of agony and the calls for succor have
reached to the gate of heaven. One hears the weeping of the hopeless,
the appeals of the oppressed, the trembling murmurs of the helpless and
the harrowing wails of the ship-wrecked in the sea of persecution. The
heat of the conflagration of separation spreads on all sides, the fire of 
longing is raging with great intensity and the tongues of the flames of -r
calamity leap forth in every direction. Here one sees the oppression of
kings and the thoughtlessness of cabinet ministers; there one sees conflict 
on the battle field of thoughts and ideals by ambitious generals, statesmen
and administrators of the nations and countries. They consult, scheme, 
plot and exchange views; they organize falacious and superfluous c0m~
panies and make false the established values; and thus do they lay and i
destroy the foundation of their political careers. 1
In short: when thou observest these things with the of reality, I
thou wilt see that the outcome, result and fruit of all these theatrical
performances are niirages and their sweetness is bitter poison. A few
days the earth shall roll on its axis, and these fleeting visions will be com~
pletely forgotten.
When thou shuttest thine eyes to this dark world and lookest upward i
and heavenward, thou wilt see light upon light stretching from eternity to
eternity The reality of the mysteries will be revealed. Happy is the 1
pure soul who does not attach himself to the transient conditions and com~
forts, but rather seeks to attach himself to the purity, nobility and splendor
of the world which endures. 
-I II "1 In Ir 
STAR OF THE WEST 273
A WORD PICTURE OF WORLD.
ii
ii

From Tablet revealed at Ramleh, Egypt, September. I913.

