STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES YEHR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street Chicago Ill. U. S.A.
2 a a
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post ofiice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3.1879.
Editorial Stafi': ALBERT R. WINDUST GERTRUDE BUIKEMA -- DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
TERMS: $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
N0te-- Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS P. o. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U. s. A.
To personal checks please aclcl sufficient to cover the ban]: exchange.
Address all communications to BAI-IAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Vol. IV Chicago (April 28, 1913) ]amal No. 3
RECENT TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
To his honor Mr. Charles Mason Remey, Washington, D. C.
Upon him be 
Is 
thou illumined youth and my spiritual be-
loved!
Thy letter was received and its perusal im-
parted happiness impossible to describe. It
was an indication of the loftiness of thy na-
ture, the strength of thy effort and the purity
of thy intentions. Abdul-Baha's happiness is
caused by such matters. If the material luxu-
ries of the whole earth were available to
Abdul-Baha, He would not think for one mo-
ment that there is such a thing as comfort and
luxury in the world. But when a soul-perfum-
ing fragrance wafts from the rose-garden of
the hearts of the friends to the nostrils of
Abdul-Baha, such joy is realized that involun-
tarily I render thanksgiving unto the Blessed
Perfection Who has trained such servants.
In brief, your letter imparted to me the
utmost happiness. This thought of yours is
very appropriate.* I hope that a new quicken-
ing may be produced in the hearts of the be-
lievers, and great firmness and steadfastness
became manifest, that this may lead to the
guidance of others.
*Referring to a letter telling of the spiritual
awakening among the people caused by Abdul-
Baha's visit in America.
Therefore, with a divine power, a heavenly
resolution and purpose, an eloquent tongue
and a heart overflowing with the Love of God,
take in thy hands the Tablets and travel
throughout the cities, even as far as Honolulu
in Hawaii. Travel thou in all the American
cities. Call every one to FIRMNESS IN THE
Exhil arate every one with the
Spiritual Wine of the C01/errant! And guide
every one to the diffusion of the Fragrance of
Raise the cry of "Ya-Baha-El-Abha!"
and call the name of "Ya-Ali-El-Allah"! (O
Thou High One Who is the Most High!)
Awaken the friends, for ere long a test shall
come. Perchance some persons outwardly
firm and inwardly wavering shall come to
those parts in order to weaken the faith of
the friends in the Covenant of God. Let them
be awake! Let them be mindful! As soon as
they see a trace of violation of the Covenant,
they must hold aloof from the violator. Day
and night let them strive so that the Lights
of the Kingdom of ABHA may encircle the
globe and the darkness of error may entirely
be dispelled. . . .
Upon thee be Baha 
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
ADDRESS TO TI-IEOSOPHISTS OF NEW YORK CITY
[Continued from page fifty~five]
the members of a family. A family is a nation
in miniature. Simply enlarge the circle of
the household and you have the nation. En-
large the circle of nations and you have all
humanity. The conditions surrounding the
family surround the nation. The happenings
in the family are the happenings in the life of
the nation. Would it add to the progress and
advancement of a family if dissensions should
arise among its members, fighting, pillaging
each other, jealous and revengeful of i11jury--
seeking selfish advantage one over another?
Nay, this would be the cause of the efface-
ment of progress and advancement. So it is in
the great family of nations, for nations are but
an aggregate of families. Therefore as strife
and dissension destroy a family and prevent
its progress, so nations are destroyed and ad-
vancement hindered.
Briefly, all the Heavenly Books, Divine
Prophets, sages and philosophers agree that
warfare is destructive to human development
and peace constructive. They all agree that
War and strife strike at the foundations of

