306 STAR OF THE WEST
GOD, verily I ask Thee, by Thy Name, by which Thou hast heard the call
0 of the passionate lovers, the cry of the yearning ones, the loud 'voices of the 
i near ones, the tender sigh of the sincere, and ordained the hope of the desir-
ing ones and granted them what they desired by Thy Bounty and Benevolence, and
by the Names by which the Sea of Forgiveness rolled before Thy Face and the
Cloud of Generosity showered upon Thy sincere servants, to APPOINT FOR 
FVHO ADVANCES THEE AND FASTS BY THINE ORDER,
THE RECOMPENSE OF THOSE WHO SPEAK NOT SAVE BY THY PER-
MISSION AND WHO GIVE UP WHAT THEY HAVE IN THY -CAUSE AND 3
LOVE. 
Thou seest ine, my God, holding to Thy Naine, the Holy, the Shining, the 1
Precious, the Greatest, the Highest, the clinging to the Train of Thy i
Robe, which is being grasped by all those of the life to eoine and the present one!
From the 'Prayer of the 'Dawn, revealed by 
THE MYSTERY OF FASTING
[Continued from page 303]
himself from turning to aught else save The
Center of His Covenant, ABDUL-BAHA, is of
those who fast. Therefore, it is incumbent
that man shall adorn himself with the attrib-
utes of his highness, ABDIIL--BAHA, and shall
follow his example in dealing with the people
of the world. He must consider the benefits
of others rather than his own. He must con-
sider the promotion of the Word of God, and
the spreading of His Fragrances, even as the
material gain of business, the cause of wealth
and the capital of his prosperity.

Nothing, after prayer, will cause the devel-
opment of the spirit, save fasting. The "First
Point," the BAB, ordained for all the people
to fast until they should reach the age of
forty-two, but the Blessed Perfection 
said: "We love fasting! Unless the
people become old and weak, they should
fast." Thus the limit for fasting Was ap-
pointed. One should begin to observe the
fast from the age of fifteen, and continue the
observance of it until the body may become too
weak to do so without injury. His Holiness,
the Blessed Perfection, used to fast through-
out the set time every year.
In the Kitab-el-Alrdas the rules for fasting
are as follows: Eating and drinking should
cease before the rising of the sun and until
the setting thereof. The traveler, the sick,
pregnant women and nursing mothers are free
from this obligation.

In Mark, 9:7-29, is related the story of the
afflicted child who was brought to Iesus by
the disciples after their vain efforts to -cast
out from him the spirit which tormented him
and of his 'being healed by Jesus, who said,
in reply to a question from the disciples, that:
"This kind can come forth by nothing but
by prayer and fasting."
Thus Jesus taught that fasting and praying
give strength to the spirit of man, so that it
may become enabled to heal the different vio-
lent and strong sicknesses which possess him.

The results and fruits of these acts are in-
numerable, but the few that have been men-
tioned are the principal ones. We ask the
Merciful Lord that this blessed act may be-
come a cause of quenching the fires of lustful-
ness, animosity and hatred-.
Peace be upon him who follows and carries
out the Cornrnands revealed in the Heavenly
Books!
OUR PERSIAN SECTION
This issue contains: (1) Talk by Abdul-
Baha, delivered to pilgrims at Haifa, Syria;
(2) Tablet to Professor Cheyne, Oxford; (3)
Delivering The Message of the Kingdom At-
tracts the Confirmations of God; (4) Delight-
ful News from Haifa; (5) Good News fr-om
Chicago; (6) The Danesh School of M'esched,
Persia.
VOICE RECORDS OF ABDUL-BAHA may be obtained from Mrs. Howard MacNutt, 935 Eastern Parkway.
Brooklyn, N. Y., at 85 cents each, including packing and shipment via parcel post. These are disc records and
can be used on various phonographs.

