210 STAR OF THE WEST
LOFTY SUMMIT OF UNCHANGING 
[Continued from page 208]
see any trace of sorrow in her face; she was
rather happier.
Although she never cared for dress, that
-day she wore her best white silk dress and
jewelry and perfumed herself with the most
fragrant attar of roses. She hailed the cham-
ber of death as a happy bride entering the
nuptial bower of the bridegroom.
0 this lofty summit of unchanging purpose
thou must attain; like Kurat-el--Ayn, nothing
must shake thy firm faith.
Zx 
AM SUMMONING YOU TO THE WORLD OF THE KINGDOM. 
Words of Abdul--Baha to Howard MacNutt, after the Titanic disaster.
steamship has been lost at sea.
A Today -newspaper accounts of the Tt'tam'c*
are reflecting the sorrow and mourning
of the whole world, all the power of man, all
hispride and the skill of human invention were
helpless against the power of the sea. Men of
great wealth, men of prominence and celebrity,
likewise men who were unimportant and uni-
known in the of the have
found the same tomb under the waves. If this
fate marked the end of human accomplishment,
if this death was oblivion to human hopes and
possibilities, the whole' world might _mourn.
Unless the soul of man is quickened by the
breaths of the Holy Spirit and he becomes
vivified by the life of the Supreme Kingdom,
all his powers, efforts and accomplishments
are in vain. Look about you as we ride in
this automobile. Shall any of these things you
are now looking upon remain or endure? If
you possessed all you could wish for,--these
great buildings, wealth, luxury, the pleasures
of life in this world, would any of these things
increase your eternal happiness or insure you
everlasting existence? I am summoning you
to the world of the Kingdom. I am calling
you away from this world. Nothing you can
ever think of here will remain. You, yourself,
will pass away as the roses wither at the touch
of winter's breath. I wish for you heavenly
happiness. I am praying that the confirmations
of God may descend upon you, that you may
become His servant, that you 'may go forth to
save mankind from the bondage of this mortal
*'l'he Titanic was the largest steamship ever
built. She was 882 feet long, 06 feet wide, dis-
placing 40,000 tons. Her luxurious appointments
included a theatre seating 1,200, a church some~
what smaller, a ballroom accommodating 500
couples, beautiful salons, palm courts, gymnasium,
bowling alley, tennis court and a swimming pool.
She could accommodate nearly 4,000 passengers
and carried a crew of 860. She set forth on her
first and fatal voyage from Southampton, Eng-
land, April 10, 1912, the pride of her builders
and an admiring world. At 11 :40 p. Sunday,
April 14, she grazed a mammoth iceberg, tore open
her hull, and in two and one-half hours sank in
2,000 fathoms, taking' over 1,500 souls to a
watery grave.--The Editors.
world. I wish you to escape from this hell of
materialism. Be not occupied with material
things. Have. no anxiety about your affairs.
You are under 'the protection of 
--in His service. Live in the spiritual world
as I do. Think of nothing else.
Look out upon this great city through which
we are passing. Then think of the wealthy
men entombed in the ocean's depths. The
powers of man in material civilization are won-
derful, but all his accomplishments are as noth-
himself, is as non-existent unless he
upbuilds in himself the civilization spiritual.
Abdul-Baha has no other thought than this.
This is his heart, his soul, his station, his serv-
quicken mankind with Divine breaths
and walk in the pathway of the Heavenly
Kingdom.
When I was a young man I was de-
voted to music. So charmed and delighted
was' I with it that even an Arab clapping two
sticks together in rude gave me great
pleasure. Now my love for these things has
gone completely. On the steamsliip crossing
the sea a great modern orchestra played each
night. The passengers listened to it with the
deepest interest and enjoyment. But although
the music was the very finest, the orchestra
modern and most excellent, I found it occu-
pied and disturbed my thoughts to such an
extent that I retired to quiet reflection upon
spiritual things.
I wish you to live in the world of the
Spirit--to see the Divine Reality in every-
thing,--to behold the illumination of the
world of the Kinidom beyond and within the
gloomy mask of this mortal existence. For
the world of the Kingdom is a world of
Lights, a world of happiness, a world of ac-
complishment, the real and eternal world.
[After a long reflectively out
the window] I was asked to sail upon the
Titanic, but my heart did not prompt me to
do so.

