8 STAR OF
advances it cannot attain to perfection except
through uplift of the spiritual civilization.
All the Prophets have come to promote Di-
vine bestowals, to found the spiritual civili-
zation and teach the principles of morality.
Therefore we must strive with all our powers
so that spiritual influences may gain the vic-
tory. For material forces have attacked man-
kind. The world of humanity is submerged
in a sea of materialism. The rays of the Sun
of Reality are seen but dimly and darkly
through opaque glasses. The penetrative
power of the Divine Bounty is not fully inani-
fest.
In Persia, among the various religions and
sects there were intense differences. His Holi-
ness appeared in that country
and founded the spiritual civilization. He es-
tablished affiliation among the various peo-
ples, promoted the oneness of the human world,
and unfurled the banner of the "Most Great
Peace." He wrote special epistles covering
these -facts to all the great kings and rulers
of nations. Sixty years ago He conveyed
His Message to the leaders of the political
world and to high dignitaries of the spiritual
world. Therefore spiritual civilization is pro-
gressing in the Orient and oneness of human-
ity and peace among the nations is being ac-
complished step by step. Now I find a strong
movement for Universal Peace emanating from
America. It is my hope that this Standard of
the oneness of the world of humanity may be
upraised with the utmost solidity, so that
the Orient and O-ccident may become perfectly
reconciled with each 0ther,--attai11 to the most
complete inter-communication, the hearts of
the East and West become united and at-
tracted toward each other, real union become
unveiled, the Light of Guidance shine, Divine
effulgences be seen day by day,--so that the
world of humanity may find complete rest, the
eternal happiness of man become evident, and
the hearts of the people of the world be as
THE WEST
mirrors in which the rays of the Sun of
Reality may be reflected. Consequently it is
my request that you should strive so that
the Light of Reality may shine and the ever-
lasting felicity of the world of man become
apparent.
I will pray for you, so you may obtain this
everlasting happiness. When I arrived in
this city I was made very happy for I per-
ceived in reality the people here have capacity
for Divine bestowals and have worthiness for
the civilization of Heaven. Therefore I will
now pray that you may attain to all Merciful
Bounties.
Prayer.
Almighty! God! Thou Compassion-
ate One! This servant of Thine has hastened
to the regions of the from the uttermost
parts of the East that perchance these nostrils
may be perfumed by the Fragrances of Thy
Bestowals; that the Breeze of the Rose Gar-
den of Guidance may blow over these cities;
that the people may attain to the capacity of
receiving Thy Favors; that the hearts may be
rejoiced through Thy Glad Tidings; that the
eyes may behold the Light of Reality; that
the ears may hearken to the Call of the King-
dom. Almighty! Illumine the hearts! 
Kind God! Make the souls the envy of the
rose-garden and the meadow! Incomparable
Beloved! Waft the Fragrance of Thy Bounty!
Radiate the Lights of Compassion so that the
hearts may be cleansed and purified and that
they may take a share and portion from Thy
Confirmations! Verily this congregation is
seeking Thy Path, searching for Thy Mystery,
beholding Thy Face and desiring to be char-
acterized with Thine Attributes.
Almighty! Confer Thou Infinite Bounties!
Bestow Thy Inexhaustible Treasury so that
these impotent ones may become powerful!
Verily Thou art the Kind! Thou art the
Generous! Thou are the Omniscient, the Om-
nipotent!
BRIEF HISTORY OF THE BAHAI MOVEMENT
From The Bahai Revelation by Thornton Chase
THE BAB.
the City of Shiraz, Persia, on the evening
I of Jamali Awal 5th, 1260 A. H. (the 126oth
year of Mohammedan reckoning from the
Hejira), which was May 23rd, 1844, A. a
young man, afterward known as The Bab, or
Gate, began calling upon men to repent, to
purify their lives and to prepare to 

"He whom God shall manifest, Who Was
about to appear to fulfill the words of the
prophets and to proclaim the Word of God.
His mission was that of an Elias, a John the
Baptist, proclaiming the coming of one mightier
than him and calling upon men to prepare the
Way for that coming.

