274 STAR OF THE WEST
THE NEW FOLLOW THE 
[Continued from page 271]
sults of a lasting nature, and all because those
who upheld the platform insisted alway-s in
mixing with the Truth of The New Covenant
the old forms and teachings of the past.

Abdul-Baha commands that nothing but real-
ity be taught. There is but one reality in the
world today and that is the New Covenant.
As one travels through the various Bahai As-
semblies it is clear to see that in those centers
Where the people have clung exclusively to the
teachings of shutting out from
the meetings the very mention of all else, in
those places there has been growth and frui-
tion, fragrance and spirituality, because the
people have been nourished upon the pure life-
giving spiritual food of "The Word of God,"
and consequently have grown in the grace of
the Kingdom.
The Center of The Covenant is the Divine
physician to the world besides whom there
is none other. That which proceeds from him
is the Word of God, and is to be obeyed.
If it is not obeyed souls suffer; they deprive
themselves of the bounty and blessings of God.
Every command of The Center of The Cove-
nant is to be obeyed implicitly. If anyone fails
to follow, he deprives himself and is in mani-
fest spiritual loss.
Now, in this day, it has been revealed by The
Center of The Covenant that the Message of
the New Covenant is to be proclaimed and
taught to the world. Of late this command has
flowed frequently from the pen of Abdul-Baha.
All true Bahais must now arise to obey this
call. Those who arise have the promise of
the confirmations of heaven. If they do not
arise, the blessings will pass from them to
others whom God will raise up to do I-Iis
work.
Abdul-Baha assures us that this is the day
for sowing the spiritual seed of God's Word
in the hearts of the people, so let us all arise
to do the bidding of The Center of God's
Covenant, to spread the glad-tidings of the
coming of the Messiah and the establishment
of His Kingdom among men.
Humbly yours in the service of The Center
of The Covenant.
Charles Mason Remey.

MODERN SOCIAL 
[Continued from page 272]
a great want that the world has half uncon-
sciously begun to feel; that in words adapted
from Tolstoy--himself an interested student
of the Movement--it "will substitute for cor-
rupted religion and the system of domination
which proceeds therefrom, the true Religion,
the basis of equality between men and of the
true liberty." The price is five shillings net.
Regarding this publication, Abdul-Baha,
says:
To Mr, Horace Holley, author of the Bahai
work, The Modem Social Religion.
HE rs con!
thou son of the Kingdom!
A copy of the book written by thee and for-
warded to this spot was received. The friends
are engaged in reading it. They praise and
commend your book most highly and appre-
Ciatively, G061 Willing, it will be translated and
I will likewise read it. Thank thou God that
thou art confirmed and assisted; thy aim is
to render service to the Kinbdom of ABHA,
and thy object is the promotion of the Teach-
ings of Although the glory and
greatness of this service is not known for the
present, but in future ages it shall assume most
great importance and will attract the attention
of the most great scholars. Therefore, strive
more and more as much as thou canst in this
service, so that it may become the cause of thy
everlasting glory and in the Kingdom of ABHA
tho-u mayst shine like unto a star.
Upon thee be 
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
'i1-ii-
OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue con-
tains: (1) Tablet' from Abdul-Baha to the
Secretary of the Sixth Congress of Interna-
tional Freedom of Religions; (2) talk by Ab-
dul-Ba-ha on the proofs of the existence of
Divinity, given at Paris, France; (3) suppli-
cation of T. K. Cheyne, M.A., D.D., of Ox-
ford, England, to Abdul-Baha; (4) article by
1\/Iirza Enayet'Ullah Sohrab on the "Struggle
of Existence and the Bahai Cause."

