STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post ofl-ice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Art of March 3, 1879Editorial Staff: ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: Mnzza AHMAD Sonmm
TERMS: $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Note-- Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, Ill" U, 5. A.
To personal checks please add sufhcient to cover the banl: exchange.
it . . . 
Address all communications to Bans: News SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-IBAHAthou happyl Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clirne. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
'future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase. thy
arena 'will become vast and spacious and thy voice 'and fame will be raised and become at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) Aenut-Bans Assess.
Vol. IV Sultan 1, 69 (January 19, 1914) No. 17
THOUSAND JEWS HA VE JUST ACCEPTED THE
AS THEIR 
Letter received by Mary Lesch, Chicago
Dear Ones in the Father's Kingdom.' Haifa' De?em'be'r 2' 
We are in Haifa and see the holy family every day. . . . We h-cord
last evening that Abdul-Baho and Secretaries will be here today, so everybody
is happy. The family has not seen him since his return from America,
therefore they are making great preps-mtions for his coming. While at the
household yesterday, I m|ez'- a mom-ber of Persian Bolmis, and there were
forty to dinner the night before.
One thousand Jews have just accepted the "Blessed Perfection" as their
"Messiah!" Let the good work go on. . . .
Eoergibody wishes to be remembered to all the American Bohai s. .
Looiugly yours in His Nome,
CLARA B. WISE.
ABD RETURN TO THE HOLY LAND
Letter received by Charles Mason Remey
Haifa, Syria, December 27, 1913.
port, two warshi-ps--one French, the -other Ger-
Dear friends:
The home coming of Abdul-Baha, after an
absence oi three years and four months, was
a real festival. Such excitement and happi-
ness as reigned in the holy household can only
be imagined. I felt greatly blessed to be here-
at such a time. I11 Abdul-Baha's house, there
is a very large central room around which
are the other rooms, and in it Persian rugs
were spread and 'tab-les placed upon which
were fruits and sweets.
Abdul-Baha did not come ashore until dusk.
although the steamship_ entered the harbor
about 2 o'clock p. m. (Strange to say, as the
steamer bearing the Lord of mankind entered
man--came in also. The Messenger of Peace
was accompanied by ships oi war! Quite a
strange coincidence.) W'hile waiting for A'b-
dul-Baha, the holy ladies, the eleven Persian
pilgrims, as many children, four American pil-
grims, and many other Bahals--about forty in
all-chanted prayers and Tablets, while the
faces beamed with the happiness of expecta-
tion. 
'When Abdul-Baha's voice was heard as he
entered, the moment was as he
passed through to his room, all heads were
bowed. In a few moments he returned to Wel-
[Continued on page 290]

