70 STAR OF THE WEST
MEETING THE CAPACITY OF THE SEEKER
BY Loorsr. DIXON Borts.
BDUL-BAHA has repeatedly referred to
A the various human types as differing
"like flowers in the rose-garden of
God." And in this day of unity and universal
realization, we see clearly the necessity of
recognizing the "fragrance" of all types and
of according to each his opportunity of "diffu-
sion" or expression.
In giving the world this knowledge of the
Day of God, no duty impresses itself so per-
sistently upon the Bahai as the necessity to
meet the capacity of the seeker, and to realize
among human beings a marked dissimilarity
in approaching the teachings.
It will be only in the perspective of his-
tory that the full extent of religious deca-
dence during the past few centuries will be
realized. Around the significance of divinity
there has accumulated a false atmosphere,
due to our human association of it with the
tangible. And it is inevitable, in the dawn of
a new spiritual age, that many souls--pos-
sibly destined for a particular activity in it-~
should experience a reaction in' turning from
their old conceptions. It is this reaction, per-
haps, rather than an essential incapacity or
antagonism, which withholds many from a
full acceptance of the Bahai teachings. Such
souls represent so large a proportion of the
thinking people in the World today that it is
impossible to confuse their spirit with that of
the anti-christ; although, undoubtedly, many
of them, in searching hither and thither for
truth, will permit the brief span of their lives
to pass unsatisfied.
To assist all earnest inquirers to assimilate
the teachings is the important privilege of
Bahais today. Surely it must be such as re-
main in the restricted environment Ofrdogma
and self who represent the element of oppo-
sition, rather than they who have felt the new
vibrations afar off and cast away tradition in
an effort to approach them.
It was with particular reference to ques-
tions asked by this type of inquirer, after the
receipt of recent cablegrams from Abdul-
Baha, that the following notes were submitted
to Abdul-Baha. In returning them with in-
terpolations he has "commanded*" that they
*ln a Tablet to the writer of this article,
Abdul-Baha says: have commanded to
print and publish this article in the STAR on
THE West so that all the believers in the East
and the 'West may read Editors.
be printed in the STAR or THE Wisstr.
After the departure of the Bab the friends
of God were in a state of utter confusion
and bewilderment. few who claimed to
be the leaders of this scattered community,
fearing the loss of their lives, were hiding
in remote and inaccessible villages, not daring
to associate publicly with the people. The be-
lievers of God were like sheep without a
shepherd; not one knew his duty." It was
at such a time as this, i11 the extreme
necessity for guidance and authority, that
came forth and declared Him-
self to be the Promised One. The perfect
meeting of the demand with the supply, the
need with its fulfilment, is one of the funda-
mental laws of God.
Now in our day Abdul-Baha has said:
"The Cause has become very great. Many
souls are entering it-souls with different
mentalities and range of understanding. Coin-
plex difficulties constantly rise before us. The
administration of the Cause has become very
difiicult. Conflicting thoughts and theories
attack the Cause from every side. Now con-
sider to what extent the believers of God
must become firm and soul-sacrificing. Every
one must become the essence of essences;
each one must become a. brilliant lamp. People
all around the world are entering the Cause;
people of various tribes and nations and re-
ligions and sects. It is most difficult to
administer to such heterogeneous elements.
'Wisdom and divine insight are necessary.
Firrnness and steadfastness are needed at such
a crucial period of the Cause."
He has said repeatedly:
"Today the most important affair is firm-
ness ifl the Covenant because nrmness 111 the
Covenant Wards off d1fi'erences."
The finger of Abdul-Baha like that of a
great physician, is upon the pulse of all the
spiritual conditions forming the Kingdom of
God on earth. He knows far in advance of
any outward demonstration just what error
will manifest itself as a menace to the Cause
and a test to the believers. He knows our
hearts better than we know them ourselves
because His insight is unerring in the spiritual
realm. We live in the world and accept the
guidance of God to but a feeble and limited
degree. The heart of Abdul-Baha has always
been turned to God and thus he has been the
recipient of the holy confirmations since child-
hood. We know how these holy ones possess

