142 STAR or THE WEST
and the people will not be satisfied with the
marble, and they will build them of solid bricks
of gold and silver, and the people will say,
'How great was the privilege of those who
passed through these gates in the time of the
Manifestation of God.' 
Now it seems to me that the most important
thing in this convention is to begin the work;
it seems to me that the result of the conven-
tion should be that We should begin the build-
ing of the this year if it is
possible. For instance, suppose that Abdul-
Baha says that we are to spend a million on
this; then it is obvious that we will not be able
to build it during the lifetime of Abdul-Baha.
'While I believe, as you do, that we should have
great faith; yet does not faith mean also to
bring it into effect, to do it, to build this as an
edifice standing on the soil? Abdul-Baha has
said that when once the eyes of the people
are fixed on this building in the Occident, it
will be the greatest cause of spreading the
teachings among the people. How can this
possibly be done if we do not commence the
building? How much money do we have to
collect before we commence the>> building? Is
it not very much as though we were working
towards a dream? It is like a dream. Vv'e
have this stretch of land, and we can see this
Mashrak-e]-Azkar at the centre, from which
the mentioning of God is to be 
thing could be included in could
we not build now, during the lifetime of
Abdul--Bal1a? Could we not set a limit to the
time when it will be built? Could we not say
we will build it in three years, and then con-
sider how much money must be raised in the
three years? As it is, we are not working
towards anything' definite. It seems to me the
interest of the people would be greater if they
knew it would be built during the lifetime of
Abdul-Baha. It could be made a jewel of
beauty, and still be within the means of the
Bahais in the world today.
MRS. TRUE: When I was speaking to
Abdul-Baha about selling a little of the land to
pay the debt, and of putting the balance in the
building, he laughed and said, "Do you know
what the Mashrak-el-Azkar will cost? It will
cost over a million dollars." So, when we lay
the foundationgreat struc-
ture, and not have to do our work all over
again.
MR. I-loan: If we are to build in a hurry,
what will be the result? There will be defects,
there will be many things we will want to
change; and it seems to me it would be noth-
ing more than generous anyway, for us to
allow future generations, those who are to fol-
low us, a part in this great work. It is going
to be the greatest building in the world. 'Nhen
all America becomes Bahai, they can say, "Our
fathers and mothers started it, and we have
helped to finish it." Let us turn our hearts
and minds to the possible, to that which we
can do, and if we have a hundred--thousand
dollars, let us build the foundations and the
and we can worship there as well as in
the complete Temple.
TI-IE CHAIRMANI The question before us
now is whether we shall fix a maximum or
minimum amount to the cost of this building.
God does not put the seal of beauty upon one
color or form. The little thing that is perfect
of its kind may be the most beautiful. Let us
not let our ambition, or pride, mislead 
us go into this with the spirit of prayer. Sup-
pose we should say, will not work until I
get so much, or I will not act until I am seven
feet tall, or I will not wash until I get a par-
ticular kind of water?" We have no right to
set any limits. God'sets the limit, and the limit
is the limit of our effort, the limit of our
capacity. It may be that a million is too much,
I don't don't let us wait for a
million before we start.
DR. BAGDADIZ I want to say to the friends
that Abdul-Baha will never leave this world
before completing his divine work. One of
his works was to build the temple or tomb for
the body of the Bab. He did it. Another was
to establish the Mashrak-el-Azkar in the Orient.
did it. Another was to come to this west-
ern World and spread the message in the East
and in the l-/Vest. did it. Another work
is to establish the Maslirak-el-Azkar in Amer-
ica during his days, and another is to establish
the I-louse of Justice.
IA suggestion of the Chairman, embodied
in the motion of Mr. Lunt, that as quickly as
the means for the work are within reach, the
Executive Board is directed to settle upon
plans and construct the foundations of the
temple upon this land, was formally made and
seconded]
THE That means that the
measure will be largely determined by the re-
sponse in the coming year; that we do not set
any bonds, either maximum or minimum, and
that you leave the working out of that to the
Board whom you shall select.
[The motion was put and unanimously car-
ried.]

