242 STAR OF THE WEST
SERVICE IN THE KINGDOM.
This article was approved by The Center of the Covenant, and some copies in both
English and Persian were spread in 1906.
the teachings of Abdul-Baha is found recurring an-d recurring the comm-and to
I to go forth and teach and spread the glad tidings of the coming of the
Kingdon1*; and together with this command is his promise to all, that through doing
this, his bidding, they will receive Divine confirm-ation and sp-iritual strength.
man the heart is the center of the life of the body, and from it is
sent forth the blood which feeds and nourishes every part of the body. In like man-
ner is Abdul-Baha the heart and center of the body of believers in the world
The Bahai Faith is THE COVENANT Wh-ich is in this day established upon the
earth, and Abdul-Baha is The Center of this COVENANT. From him all members
of it receive spiritual force and sustenance.
As the organs which make up the physical body of man are dependent upon con-
nection With the heart in order that they may receive life force, so are the believers-
C0mpOSing the spiritual body of The Faith--dependent upon their connection with
Abdul-Baha; for through Him and through Him only, can they receive the spiritual
force and sustenance necessary for their growth and development in The Kingdom.
Regarding the organs of the physical body, one sees two factors in their various
workings, namely, a receiving of energy and force, and a giving off of the same. The
organs receive the life force from the heart and give it off according to their various
functions; howev-er, as soon as the supply of bloo-d is cut off, the organ ceases to
function and to give off energy; and, again, as soon as an organ ceases to do its work
properly, the supply of life force from the heart is diminished. This is a law of
nature in the physical realm which governs the healthy action of every member of the
physical body.
Now consider the body of the faithful believers: If any one member severs his
connection with The Center of THE whom all receive their spir-
itual ceases to be a living and active member of the body; and, again, if he
be not Working and performing his function in The Kingdom, the supply of spiritual
sustenance fiovving to him from The Center of THE COVENANT will be diminished
in proportion as he fails to perform his work.
The Well-being of any organ of the human body depends upon its continued action,
and upon this also depends the well-being of the human body as a Whole. So it is
also with the body of believers. Each one has a special and a necessary work to per-
form, and his own salvation, as well as the general welfare of the body as a Whole,
depends upon his performing this duty.
In this day the believers are being tested and tried. There are great forces in
the World working against them, and only the strong and steadfast ones will be able
to stand. The only way by which one can obtain spiritual force and vitality to arise
above all conditions and to attain to divine development of soul is through carrying
out most minutely this command of Abdul-Baha, to Work and to go forth to teach
and to spread The Kingdom.
All are standing in the "eleventh hour" of this Great Day, and no one knows
when the great world tests, of which Abdul~Ba.ha has so often spoken, will be upon
"the faithful." When these calamities descend, there will no longer be any time to
consider ways and means for carrying out his. commands.
So, now, While there is yet time, let all arise with steadfastness of purpose to
carry out the Holy Command to SERVE, in order to establish themselves as faithful
servants in The L0rd's Vineyard.
CHARLES MASON REMEY.
Washington, D. C., Ianuary, 1906.

that the Kingdom has come.

