STAR OF THE WEST 241
known befittingly, but in the future it shall
atta-in to such a degree of imp-ortance that if
a king violates to t-he ext-ent of one atom, he
shall be cut off immediately.
Consider that during the life of Christ--
thank thou God, that--praise be to 
in the garden of The C0'z1e4r.aizi thou art like
a fragrant hyacinth and in the congregation
of the love of God like an ignited candle.
Convey the wionlderiul ABHA greeting to his
HE confirmation oi the Kingdom oi ABHA
shall descend uninterruptedly upon those souls 1
who are firm in THE COVENANT. Thou
'1

I
I

I
i 1,4
hast well observed that every firm one is assisted and
aided and every violator is degraded, humiliated and
lost. it is very astonishing that people are not ad-
monished. They have observed how Mirza Mo-
hammed Ali, on account oi the violation oi THE
COVENANT, descended to the lowest degree oi
humiliation and yet they do not become mindful.
They have seen how others through disobedience to
the Testament, have fallen into a well of degradation,
and yet they are not awakened.
This Covenant is THE CQVENANT oi His
Holiness Now, its importance
is not known beiittingly, but in the future it shall
attain to such a degree oi importance that ii a king
violates to the extent of one atom, he shall be cut

05 imm@diat@1Y- -ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
if 7
(may my life b-e a sacrifice to 
Caus-e had no importance whatsoever; nay,
rather the people scoffed and ridiculed Him
and according to the Text of the Gospel, they
called Him, Beezleb-ub. Now you can see the
importan-ce which it had later. In short,
honor Mr. Harris and -his hon-or Mr. H-oar
and al-1 the believers in 
Upon thee be 
(Signed) A.BDUL--BAI-IA Asaas.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, August 2,
1913, Ramleh, Egypt.
 
OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue contains: (1)
new photograph of Abdul-Baba; (2) address by Abdul-
Baha, "The Return of the Divine Springtime," de-
livered in New York city; (3) talk by Abdul-Baha
given to some American Bahais at Ramleh, Egypt;
(4) article by Charles Mason Remey, "Service in 'the
Kingdom"; (5) glad-tidings from Egypt, by M. Abul
Kassim Gulestaneh; (6) news from the Bahai assem-
bly of Mandalay, Burma, by Seyed Moustafa; (7)
celebration of the Birthday of 

