STAR OF THE WEST 205
THE VISIT OF ABDUL-BAHA TO MR. CHARLES TINSLEY
San Francisco, California, October 10, 1912.
[Mr. Tinsiey (colored) was recovering from an accident]
are you? I am
A very glad to see you.
am well excepting
this broken leg which has kept me in bed a
long time. I am impatient to be up and out to
work for the Cause.
must not be sad. This
afiliction will 'make you spiritually stronger.
Do not be sad. Cheer up! Praise be to God,
you are dear to me. I will tell you a story 
A certain ruler wished to appoint one of
his subjects to a high ofiice; so, in order to
train him, the ruler cast him into prison and
caused him to suffer much. The man was
surprised at this, for he expected great favors.
The ruler had him taken from prison and
beaten with sticks. This greatly astonished
the man, for he thought the ruler loved him.
After this he was hanged on the gallows until
he was nearly dead. After he recovered he
asked -the ruler, "If you love me, Why did you
do these things The ruler replied: Wish
to make you prime minister. By having gone
through these ordeals you are better fitted for
that ofiice. I wish you to know how it is
yourself. When you are obliged to punish,
you will know how it feels to endure these
things. I love you so I wish you to become
perfect."
[To Mr. Tinsley] Even so with you. After
this ordeal you will reach maturity. God some-
times causes us to suffer much and to have
many misfortunes that we may become strong
in His Cause.
You will soon recover and be spiritually
stronger than ever before. You will work for
God and carry the Message to many of your
people.
IS QNE OF THE MEANINGS OF 
Talk by Abdul-Baha to one of the friends, October 22, 1912.
OD will assist you. One of the great
prophets of the Orient, one of the
worthies of the East, called Ali, says,
that whosoever seeks after anything and is
serious about it, will find it. Seek and ye shall
find. Whosoever knocks at any_door and is
persistent about it, there is no doubt that the
door will be opened unto him.
Now, as long as you are interested in the
Movement, and interested seriously, and you
are investigating reality, you are the lover of
reality, there is no doubt that you will attain.
When man dedicates his life to a cause, he
must dedicate entirely, then he is really dedi-
cated. It is not through word, but through
deed. One must dedicate his life completely,
fully, in reality,-just as the dead branch sac-
rifices its life to the fire, and just as the oil
sacrifices its life to give light. This is the
great station--the station of sacrifice. There
is no greater station than this.
In Oriental language, there is the expres-
sion, "May my life be a sacrifice to you," and
a man writing a hundred letters a day might
use these words a hundred times and yet he
would not sacrifice anything' for his friend.
But this is a usage. Everybody
who writes a letter to his friend says "May
my life be a sacrifice to you," and perhaps he
does not realize the meaning at.all.
The station of sacrifice is the great founda-
tion. When you read the Old and New Testa-
ment, you willfind that constantly the Word
"sacrifice" is mentioned. It is recorded that
the Israelites sacrificed sheep so that their
sins might be forgiven. In the time of Adam,
Cain made sacrifice of sheaves of Wheat and
Abel made sacrifice of sheep. Now this is a
symbol, and this word extended after the time
of Christ.
VVhat is the symbol? Inst as the sheep
sacrificed its life, likewise this natural state
of man, which is the anirnalistic state, must
he sacrificed. How should it be sacrificed?
The vices of the animalistic state of man must
be entirely annihilated, and he must be charac-
terized with divine virtues. It was a symbol
and before His Holiness Christ appeared, all
the Israelitish prophets made sacrifice of ani-
mals. This was a mystery of that higher sac-
rifice and when Christ came he said, I will
sacrifice myself for the sake of the salvation
of all. What did He mean? meant to
change their characters, and in this way make
them heavenly, in this way make them God-
like, spiritual and divine.
This is one of the meanings of sacrifice.

