114 STAR OF THE WEST
PERSIAN-AMERICAN EDUCATIONAL SOCIETY
REPORT has just been received from
A Dr. Susan I. Moody, who writes as
follows:
"The annual examinations are something to
talk about. From boys' Tarbiat School, thir-
ty-three students were examined at the Gov-
ernment University before the Board of Edu-
cation. Thirty received certificates.
"From all other' boys' schools three hundred
boys went before the Board, of Whom only
ten passed satisfactory examinations and re-
ceived certificates.
"In girls' school, I don't know which to
praise most, teachers or scholars, such an ad-
vance in one year seems miraculous. These
"If it is possible, I will later send you figures
of standing of each scholar."
A contribution of $100 toward the educa-
tional fund was sent through Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab, by Mme. A. F. Cheron, of Paris,
France.
Among numerous letters received recently
with assurances of sympathy and offers of
co-operation, was one from Abbas Ally Butt
Cashmiree, of Rangoon, Burma. The Society
now has scholarships maintained in France,
England, German and India, beside the Ameri-
can subscriptions.
Miss Kappes Daughter of Dr, Moody Dr. Clock Miss Stewart
Tayereh Khanom,
her four children and maid
teachers who were totally untrained have pro-
duced great results. This is notably true in
Miss Kappes' school, but the same is true of
Dabestan Dooshezizan Vatan school, where at
first all teaching was voluntary. Now they
pay a French teacher and their own native
teachers are paid a very meagre salary. This
school has made a wonderful struggle; it is
greatly blessed by Abdul-Baha.
attended examinations in this school three
afternoons and in Miss Kappes' five after-
noons, and without exception from beginners
up, the American students stood well in their
classes. No. 56, Sabetha Khanom (Dorothy
Hoar), was second in spelling contest; No. 70,
Shams-ol Molluk (Mrs. Helen S. Goodall),
was second in Persian grammar.
"You need not hesitate to assure our pa-
trons that their students are being encouraged
to make the most of their opportunity, and
we are proud of their progress.
Additional scholarships are solicited, par-
ticularly for the girls' schools, and to replace
a few which are lapsing. The Society grate-
fully acknowledges the continued support of its
loyal members and friends.
A circular letter is being issued to members
and to the Bahai Assemblies, outlining a need
of the Orient-Occident Unity, which directs
the P. A. E. S. Work. The attention of the
friends is invited to this circular, copies of
which may be obtained from the undersigned
upon application.
In recent Tablets, Abdul-Baha has again
approved the work of the Society and com-
mended it to the support of the believers.
JOSEPH H. HANNEN, Executive Secretary,
P. O. Box I92, Washington, D. C.

