STAR OF THE WEST 121
REGARDING PRINTING of books con-
cerning the Cause, the following (portion of
a) Tablet was recently received from ABDUL-
BAHAI "In regard to printing any book
concerning the Cause: It is unlawful except
with a permission from the Centre oflthe
it be from the blessed
Tablets or from the composition of the
friends. To do other than this will incur a
great risk."
ANN-OUNCEMENT--T0 the Friends of
God, the Beloved of El-Abha, Throughoz-it
is deemed advisable,
While the memory of the visit of the CENTRE
on THE COVENANT, ABDUL-BAHA, is still fresh
in the minds and hearts of the friends, to
make an effort to collect every obtainable
word uttered by him during his sojourn in
America, whether public or 
With all incidents and photographs surround-
ing the preservation in the archives
at Chicago.
These a.rch-ives were established by the
House of Spirituality ten years ago, to pre-
serve not only valuable documents of the
Cause, of which it was the custodian, but to
collect copies of every Tablet obtainable, re-
vealed by ABDUL--BAHA to the friends in
America. About a thousand Tablets have
been received, together with data concerning
each, and all carefully filed in a modern
safety storage vault.
In this present endeavor to collect and
preserve the addresses, interviews, incidents,
photographs, etc., pertaining to the visit of
ABDUL--BAI-IA in America, please see that (I)
date, (2) place and (3) circumstances are
sent concerning same--including (4) name
and (5) address of sender; and, if of a
personal nature, whether or not permission is
given to publish. Please address budgets to
MR. ALBERT R. Lz'Z2-mrian.
5I5 South Dearborn Street, Chicago.
OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue con-
tains: (I) Tablet from Abdul-Baha to Mirza
Heidar Ali; (2) poem by Mirza Mahmood;
(3) letter from Paris by Mirza Mahmood;
(4) two poems by Noush.
NEWS NOTES
ORT SAID, EGYPT--Abdul-Baha and
suite arrived June 17 on board the
steamship Himalaya. He se11t a tele-
gram to Haifa, instructing the many pilgrims
awaiting his return to co1ne to Port Said. O11
account of the great numbers who came and
there being no room in the hotel large enough
to hold them, a large tent was erected on the
roof in which to hold meetings.
No. 4 issue of the STAR or THE has
arrived, and caused happiness to the friends.
The pilgrims speak many wonderful things
regarding it in the Orient. If the editors
should hear it their hearts and souls would
be infinitely joyous.
Mirza Ahmad Sohmb.

MANDALAY, UPPER BURMAH--Mohan1med
Salaiman, also known as K0 Po Chit, the
President of this Assembly, departed this life
and ascended to the Supreme Concourse, May
7, in his fifty-first year. He was a man of
loving character, with a heart that drew to
him many warm friends. Ever since becom-
ing a believer in the Holy Cause he served
the Assembly with great and nntiring energy,
love and devotion. Although we are in
utmost loss, we are happy that he departed
with firm faith in the Supreme Cause of EL-
ABHA and the Centre of the Covenant. We
have submitted the matter t-o the holy presence
of Abdul-Baha for his divine blessing, offered
prayers in every Assembly in Burma and India,
and now ask you to announce it in the STAR OF
THE WEST.
The Cause of God is progressing in all
parts of India and Burma. One of our broth-
ers, Mohammed Raza Shirazi, B. A., has re-
cently visited all parts of India, proclaiming
the Cause in different assemblies of Moham-
medans, Hindoos, Brahma Samai and Arya
Samaj. S3-ed Musmfa.
i-7
BROOKLYN, N. Y.--Ranse1 Newcombe Whit-
ney, one of the early believers in this city,
passed away on June 18, at the age of seventy-
one years. He was of a quiet and reserved
temperament and loved by all as a man of
sterling character and a sincere believer. His
home, for a long time, was one of the centres
of the Cause in Brooklyn. Mr. Whitney's
remains were buried at Keene, N. H., the
home of his boyhood.
F. E. O.

