STAR OF THE WEST 9
The place and time of that declaration corre-
sponded exactly with the prophecies in Israel-
itish, Christian and Mohammedan scriptures
and traditions. It was in the Persian Kingdom,
which was the especial field of Daniel's prophe-
cies; it arose out of Mohammedanism which
power was foretold as to appear in
t-hat former great kingdom of Persia; it was
in the Mohammedan year I260, which corre-
sponded to the "time, times and half a time"
named to Daniel as the period "of these won-
ders" to the time of the end, which same
period is referred to in several ways in the
Revelation of St. john. It was exactly I000
years from the disappearance of the Twelfth
Iman, the "Iman Mahdi," who was to appear
at the end of that time to usher in the second
coming of Christ upon the earth.
The date of fulfillment was in accurate ac-
cord with many prophecies, and the accom-
panying "signs" answered so literally to numer-
ous declarations in various scriptures that many
men of intellect, as well as those who were
learned only in heart knowledge, believed in
the Bab. His doctrine spread rapidly through
Persia and inspired such spiritual zeal that it
aroused the antagonism of the orthodox
Ulamas and Doctors of religious law. Great
oppression was incited by them, which finally
drove the Babis to fight in self defense of their
property and lives. The history of trials and
sufferings, battles and endurance
and joy for their faith and love of Truth is
authentic and scarcely paralleled in all the
world.
One who witnessed such wrote:
"How many children have become fatherless!
How many fathers have become childless!
How many mothers have not dared, through
fear and dread, to mourn over their slaugh-
tered children! Many were the servants (of
God) who at eve were in wealth and opulence
and at dawn were beheld in the extreme of
poverty and abasement! There is no ground
but hath been dyed with their blood and no
air Whereunto their groanings have not arisen!
And, during these few years, the arrows of
afliiction have rained down without intermis-
sion from the clouds of fate.
"Yet, notwithstanding all these visitations
and afflictions, the fire of divine love is in such
fashion kindled in their hearts that, were they
all to be hewn in pieces, they would not for-
swear the love of the Beloved of all the dwell-
ers upon earth; nay, rather with their whole
souls do they yearn and hope for what may
befall them in the way of God."
A European witness (Mr. Ussher) said:
"It was enough to be suspected of Babiism to
be at once put to death. No time was lost
between apprehension and execution. Death
Was the only punishment known; the headless
bodies lay in the streets for days, the terrified
relatives fearing to give them burial, and the
dogs fought and growled over the corpses in
the deserted thoroughfares."
For six years the Bab taught and Wrote his
instructions, known as the Beyan (Revelation),
most of the time in prison, often "questioned"
by the Ulamas, beaten and bastinadoed, and
finally he was martyred in I850the public square of Tabriz.
An witness, not a believer, writes of
him at that time: "The Bab kept perfectly
silent. His pale and beautiful face surrounded
by a black beard, his white and delicate hands,
his figure and distinguished manner, every-
thing in his person and in his dress aroused
the sympathy and compassion of the specta-
tors." "He had characteristics truly great and
noble, and was a man of firm and settled con-
victions. His moral character was high, and
he aimed in his teaching to bring all his
into a community, united by
intellectual and moral ties."
Prof. Ross, of University College, London,
wrote: "His wonderful life needs no com-
ment. If ever a life spoke for itself, it is the
Bab's with its simplicity, integrity and un-
swerving devotion to the Truth that was born
in him." "He felt the Truth in him, and in
the proclamation of that Truth, he moved
neither hand nor foot to spare himself, but
unflinchingly submitted to all manner of injus-
tice and persecution, and finally, to an igno-
minious death." "His influence penetrated
deeper than their curiosity and their minds;
it reached their hearts and inspired them with
a spirit of self sacrifice, renunciation and devo-
tion as remarkable and as admirable as his
own."

In 1852-3, nine years after the first declara-
tion of the Bab, then 35 years of
age, a native of the City of Noor (Light) in
Persia and an exile to Baghdad in Arabia,
began teaching and expounding religious doc-
trines in such a Way that it attracted the hearts
of many listeners, especially the Babis, and
caused bitter opposition from others. As con-
tention grew, he quietly left Baghdad and for
two years remained alone in seclusion in the

