STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IV Chicago (November 4-, 1913) Kudrat No. 13
ADDRESS BY ABDUL-BAHA DELIVERED AT DENVER.
September 24, 1912, 8 p. m.,at the home of Mrs. Roberts.
Abdul-Baha and party arrived in Denver at 1:10 p. taking apartments at the Shirley hotel.
OW are all; are you all happy? I have
come to visit you from far away lands.
Consider how much I have longed to see
you, for I have crossed the great Atlantic
ocean and traversed long distances to come
hither. In a condition of frail body incapable
of enduring even one day's journey, this long
distance was endured for this visit. Praise
be to God! at last We have reached Denver,
and here we visit you all.
What a good gathering this is, worthy of
thanksgiving; for a meeting of this kind is
peerless. Every gathering is brought about
through scme material interest; it is either
based upon political motives or commercial
interests, or the dissemination of education,
or the execution of some order or system; but
this gathering of ours is for no other purpose
save the Kingdom of God--hence it is match-
less and peerless. The hearts have turned
to God; the spirits are exalted through the
glad-tidings of God; the attentions are di-
rected to God. What better meeting could
be imagined than this?
Such a gathering is fundamentally most im-
portant. But we must arise to discharge our
duties for this purpose, for this is an assem-
blage the attention of which is directed
toward the Kingdom of God. Therefore, all
the individual members thereof must be in
the utmost of love and fellowship, the utmost
of humility and submissiveness, and the ut-
most state of attentiveness toward the King-
dom of may our meeting be an ex-
ample of the meetings in the Supreme King-
dom.
In brief, here is my statement to you:
Praise be to God We are living in a century
of light. Praise be to God! We are eon-
temporaneous with the Day of the Divine
Efinlgenee. Praise be to God! We are alive
in this day of the Manifestation of Love
(Baha). Praise be to God, that we are alive
in the day of the 0nt--p0uring of Divine
Bonnty. Praise be to God! W12 are living
in a day of innate joy and motion. Praise be
to God! We are living in a day wherein the
lights have npraised progress throughout the
East and West. How many holy souls there
were in past times who longed to be present
in this century, passing through nights and
days of lamentation, yearning to be here,
longing to the utmost; but ours is the good
gift from the Lord. Out of His good mercy
and absolute virtue has He given it to us;
even as His Holiness, Christ, has declared:
erily, many are they who are called, but
few are they who are chosen."
Verily, many are they who are called, but
few are they who are chosen! God has chosen
you for His love; God has chosen you for His
knowledge; God has chosen you for the
Worthy service of unifying mankind; God has
chosen you for the purpose of investigating
the reality; God has chosen you for the pur-
pose of promulgating international peace; God
has chosen you for the progress and cle-
velopment of mankind; God has chosen you
for the dissemination of true edu-
cation; God has chosen you for the expression
of love towards all mankind; God has chosen
you for the removal of prejudice; God has
chosen you to bind. together all hearts; God
has chosen you to be the cause of giving light
to the world of humanity. In a word, the
doors of His grace are open to us, wide, wide
open, but we must try; we must be attentive
towards God; we must be occupied with the
service of the world of humanity; we must be
more alert and mindful; We must appreciate
the bestowals of G.od, and We must conform to
this ever.
You observe how darkness is overspread in
the world today. In every corner of the earth
there is warfare of some kind, and in some
parts there is actual rapine present, mankind

