STAR OF THE WEST 35
some one people. I have studied oriental
languages profoundly and know the Arabic
better than the Arabians themselves. I have
studied Turkish and Persian in my native land,
besides other languages of the East, never-
theless, when I visited the West I had to take
an interpreter with me quite as if I knew no
language. Now if the International Language
were generally spoken, that and the Persian
language would be suflicient for me in every
country of the world.
Only think how the International Language
Will facilitate intercommunication among all
the nations of the earth. Half of our lives
are consumed in acquiring a knowledge of
languages, for in this enlightened age every
man who hopes to travel in Asia and Africa
and Europe must learn several languages in
order that he may converse With their peoples.
But no sooner does he acquire one language
than another is needed. Thus one's whole
life may be passed in acquiring those lan-
guages which are a hindrance to international
communication. The International Language
frees humanity from all these problems.
In a word, to understand and be understood,
there must be an international medium. The
teacher and the pupil must know each other's
language, in order that the teacher may im-
part his knowledge and the pupil receive it.
In all the world there is nothing more im-
portant than to be understood by your fellow-
men, for upon this depends the progress of
civilization itself. To acquire a knowledge
of the arts and sciences one must know how
to speak, to understand and at the same time
to make himself understood, and this matter
of understanding and being understood de-
pends on language. Once establish this aux-
iliary language, and all will be enabled to un-
derstand each other.
I recall an incident which occurred in Bag-
dad. There were two friends who knew not
each other's language. One fell ill, the other
visited him, but not being able to express
his sympathy in words, resorted to gesture, as
if to say, "How do you feel?" with another
sign the sick replied, shall soon be deadg"
and his visitor, believing the gesture to in-
dicate that he was getting better, said, "God
be praised!"
From such illustrations you will admit that
the greatest thing in the world is to be able
to make yourself understood by your friends
and to understand them, and that there is no
greater handicap in the world than not to
be able to communicate your thoughts to oth-
ers. But with an auxiliary language all these
difficulties disappear.
Now, praise be to God, that language has
been This is one of the
special gifts of this luminous century, one of
the most remarkable achievements of this
great age.
His Holiness many years ago
wrote a book called "The Most Holy Book,"
one of the fundamental principles of which
is the necessity of creating an International
Language, and He explains the great good and
advantage that will result from its use.
Now let us thank the Lord because the
Esperanto language has been created. We have
commanded all the Bahais in the Orient to
study this language very carefully, and ere
long it will spread all over the East. I pray
you, Esperantists and non-Esperantists, to work
with zeal for the spread of this language, for
it will hasten the coming of that day, that
millennial day, foretold by prophets and seers,
that day when, it is said, the wolf and the
lamb shall drink from the same fountain, the
lion and the deer shall feed in the same pas-
ture. The meaning of this holy word is that
hostile races, warring nations, differing re-
ligions, shall become united in the spirit of
love.
I repeat, the most important thing in the
world is the realization of an auxiliary inter-
national language. Oneness of language will
transform mankind into one world, remove
religious misunderstandings, and unite East
and West in the spirit of brotherhood and
love. Oneness of language will change this
world from many families into one family.
This auxiliary international language will
gather the nations under one standard, _as if
the five continents of the world had become
one, for then mutual interchange of thought
will be possible for all. It will remove igno-
rance and superstition, since each child of
whatever race or nation can pursue his studies
in science and art, needing but two languages
--his own and the International. The world
of matter will become the expression of the
world of mind. Then discoveries will be re-
vealed, inventions will multiply, the sciences
advance by leaps and bounds, the scientific
culture of the earth will develop along broader
lines. Then the nations will be enabled to
utilize the latest and best thought, because
expressed in the International Language.
If the International Language becomes a
factor of the future, all the Eastern peoples
will be enabled to acquaint themselves with the

