286 STAR OF
tion, b-oth from the geographers and the public.
His first acco-unt of his "Travels and Adven-
tures in Central Asia" Was published in Lon-
don in 1864, and had a large circulation. He
also wrote a "History of Bokhara," based
chiefly on the works of Persian and Arabic
historians.
In reco-gnition oi his linguistic attainments,
Vambery was appointed Professor of Oriental
Languages at Budapest. He frequently visited
England, and seldom missed an opportunity of
giving his opinioiis, in European periodicals, on
any new development of Eastern and Middle
Eastern politics.
During the visit of Abdul-Baha to Budapest,
he met him twice, and once he called at the
hotel to return the visit. His knowledge of
Oriental languages, especially Persian, Arabic
and 'l'urkish, was amazing.
He was a pleasant-looking old man, rather
short -of stature and with wrinkled face on
account of his great age, In the course of con-
versation with Abdul-Baha, he said: "For
many years have I been following your teach-
iugs, and ever lougeol to meet you. I arlruire
more than else your suprerhe courage,
that at this advanced age you have left every-
th1'rt_g and are traveling all over the world to
spread your humane principles. You are doing
a great work, Your work will be crowned
THE WEST
with success because your sincerity, unwaver-
faith and high icleals have stamfaed them-
selves upon th-e minds of the w0rld"s 
His last words as Abdul-Baha bade him tare-
Well in his drawing-room and library were
thesezi hope to hear from you. Please,
when you retur11 to the East, send me the
Vllritings and Treatises of your Father, and I
will do everything to spread them in Europe.
The more these principles are spread, the
nearer will we be to the age of Peace and
Brotherhood."
The story of how Vambery, physically
affiicted--ior he was la1ne--?ought for exist-
ence against hunger and persecution, and grad-
ually mounted the ladder of fame, furnishes
one of tl1e'1nost remarkable pages in the his-
tory of the Jewish race. At school, Varnbery
o'nce said: "Hunger, mockery and 
experienced them all in turn; but the greatest
misery was not capable of darkening the serene
sky oi youthful mirth for more than a few
minutes, and even m.y healthy color returned
after a short interval of bodily collapse."
He was Well received at the English Court,
both in the reign of Queen Victoria and that
of King Edward. On the occasion of his
seventieth birthday, i. in 1902, His Majesty
conferred upon him the title of Commander of
the Victorian Order. --The Editors,

LETTER TO ABDUL-BAHA FROM PROFESSOR CHEYNE
OF OXFORD, ENGLAND
presenting the letter of Professor Cheyne,
I we quote the following from The Christian
Comruouwealth, believing that the Bahais
who are not acquainted with the personality
and wide influence of this man, may better
appreciate his letter to Abdul-Baha:
CHEYNE.
APPRECIATION AND A REVIEW.
"The Miues of Isaiah Re-explored. By Rev.
K. Cheyue, D. Litt.
pathetic picture, and a startling inspira-
tion too, both come with this fresh book from
the revered, masterly scholar. We think of
him as sitting, almiost physically helpless, be-
side his books and his writing. Even the
power of speech fails him ofttimes, and the
fingers almost refuse to guide the pen. And
yet, a marvel it is, he writes a new volume
almost every year; and big books they all are,
for the publishers tell us he cannot write a
little one. And that pen pours forth still the
same beauty of style, and the immense wealth
of knowledge of Hebrew literature. He seems
to know many a prophet by heart, and many
a psalm. But above all impressive is his un-
measured devotion to that literature, to the
story of its people, and to the light that might
shine from it, and from its divine heart to us.
One wonders whether it be not already time
for some monument to such learning to be
erected by us all whom he has calmly, steadily,
fearlessly inspired even when we have not
always agreed with all he has written. Vllould
it not be fine if one -or two who have attacked
him should lead in founding some
prize in his hon-our? . . 

TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA TO
PROF. CHEYNE.
In answer to the letter of Prof. Cheyne,
Abdul-Baha revealed a Tablet, from which we
are permitted to quote the following:
thou, my spiritual pltilosoplter!
"Thy letter was received. In reality its co-n-
tents were eloquent, for it was an evide_nce_0f
thy literary fairness and of thy investigation
of Reality. . . . There were many Doctors

