268 STAR OF THE WEST
is manifest to all the World
through the life of servitude to humanity of
The Center of The Covenant--he who calls
himself Abdul-Baha. Abdul-Baha is The Cen-
ter from which the spiritual eifulgence (which
appeared in these "latter days" in the blessed
person of is now being reflected
to the world. Abdul-Baha's word is The
Truth; his teaching differentiates between error
and Truth. He is the Unique Center of guid-
ance and illumination for all mankind.*

By virtue of The Singlehess of God, "the
Word" is manifest' through but one chosen
individual at a time. As the phenomenal sun
in the heavens is but one sun, though it ap-
pears each day at a different point upon the
horizon"The Word of and the same
throughout all time, notwithstanding that its
points of appearance are successively many.
The foundation and the Cause of God in the
world today is this same Spiritual Sun shining
in its Si-nglehess, its rays going forth to the
people of the whole earth from a new point,
and this point is the revelation of God's New
Covenant upon earth.
Although the phenomenal sun has shone
throughout the ages of the past, yet in order
that we may be warmed and lighted by its
rays, we must turn to it in its position in the
heavens of today. It shone in the past for the
world of the past. It shines today for the
people of today! If the people of today re-
fuse the sun's light and energy, shutting them-
selves off from its light, saying that the light
and energy given off from the sun in seasons
past is all they desire, they would be in mani-
fest physical loss. They would die! In like
manner are those in manifest spiritual loss who
cling to "the letter" and to the memories of
the light of the spiritual days of the past and
who refuse to recognize "The Word of God"
manifest in this day; for as it was in ages
past, so it is in this day, the Divine manifesta-
tion of The Day is the unique source of spir-
itual life in the world. Therefore, it is evi-
should not be construed from this
paragraph and other statements in this article
that Abdul-Baha is understood to be a manifesta-
tion of the Word of God, independent of the
Revelation of The cycle of BA-
extends for one thousand or thousands
of vears from 1844. A. 1: it 
1S unique 
that the "Most Great _Characteristic" of the New
Covenant is the appointing of a Center, which
now is in the person of Abdul-Baha, and after
him shall be vested in the Universal House of Jus-
tice for a period of one thousand or thousands
of years. (See page 238, issue No. 14, Vol. IV,
Sue or Editors.
dent that the Manifestation of this day is the
only source of spiritual life for this day and
dispensation, which is that of God's Kingdom
upon earth.
The physical world receives from the physi-
cal sun each day sufficient physical force and
energy to sustain it until the coming of the
next day, when a fresh supply is given. In
like manner, the outpouring of Divine energy,
force and life proceeds from the Sun of "The
Word of God." With each Manifestation a
supp-ly of spiritual energy and force is given
sufiicient for the needs of that day, or dis-
pensation. Then with the completion of that
epoch and the advent of a new day of revela-
tion, the former revelations are found to have
become exhausted and are insuflicient for the
needs of the people, for if the people do not
turn to the light of the new Manifestation,
they find themselves in manifest loss. They
become as spiritually dead souls, because the
spiritual sources of the past, having fulfilled
their mission, have become exhausted and are
no longer sources of light for humanity 
rather, that same light is again manifest in the
world, but now is shining from a new dawn-
ing-point, for "The Word of God" is Single
and no longer shines from the dawning-points
of 'former cycles.
Thus, Moses in His age, was the only source
of guidance to the people, but with the coming
of Jesus the Christ, a new day dawned; for
when God manifested through Jesus, the day
of Moses ended. Those who loved the Divine
Light of the teachings of Moses were at-
tracted to Jesus and believed in Him for
in Him they found the same Divine Light of
God which formerly had existed in Moses.
Upon the other hand, those in whom the spirit
of Moses had not penetrated, those who saw
only "the letter" or the external side of His
teachings, those who refused to look toward
the new point of Revelation which was in
entirely cut off from the source
of Divine Light. They cut themselves off from
the Christ and became spiritually dead because
they refused the living Truth, "The Word of
God," the Christ as manifested in Jesus, and
they were in darkness.
In like manner, in this day there are those
who say, "VVhat need have we for The New
Covenant of Have we not Jesus? We
want no other!" Indeed these people are in
great loss, for they cling to "the letter" of the
teachings of the C.hristian dispensation and not
to the Divine Light which emanated from
Christ's Holy Person.

