STAR OF THE WEST 159
[Letter from Marie Herrigel enclosing letter of appreciation to Abdul-Baha signed
by the German Bahais reproduced below, was sent to the STAR OF THE WEST,
for publication, by The Centre of the Covenant, Abdul-Baha Edrtors.]
LETTER FROM MARIE HERRIGEL.
Stuttgart, June 26, 1913.
AlZah'o'Abha!
To His Holiness, Abdul-Baha Abbas:
thou beloved of my heart!
The thought of thee fills my heart with joy
and happiness. All the past days and weeks
are proofs of thy boundless love to us.
Although thy holy presence in our midst
held in our home. The tea which our Persian
brothers brought from thy hands, Was the
cause of great joy and happiness to the friends.
All those who signed the following letter
drank this blessed tea. Therefore, we were
all the guests of Abdul-Baha, and this we have
done in remembrance of thee.
Hearty greetings and love from thy
daughtefi MARIE HERRIGEL.
i~ . 


This photograph of Stuttgart Bahais was taken at the request ot Abdul-Baha
brought us gladness, yet they were days of
earnestness, for in beholding thy greatness we
felt our insignificance. Therefore, I was often
very sad. But, praise be to God! He has made
me willing to devote my life to thee, to be dili-
gent in the Cause, and to serve humanity.
I thank thee also, at this time and throughout
eternity, that thou hast sent us Mirza Ali
Akbar and l\/lirza Lotfullah Hakim, who be--
came, through thy providence, guests in our
home. Verily, through these two souls, thou
hast shown us how the Bahai must be. My
heart is ablaze with the fire of the love of
God toward all mankind and I hope, through
the help of that this fire may
become a brilliant flame.
On the evening of June 24th and 25th, we
invited all the dear friends to unity meetings
LETTER TO ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS FROM TI-IE
OF STUTTGART.
AZlah'0'Abha!
To His Holiness, Abdul-Baha Abbas:
Gathered together in love and unity, the
undersigned friends are celebrating the I9-day
feast in the home of Mr. and Mrs. Herrigel.
Our hearts are overflowing with gratitude
and love to your Highness, for as we listen to
the reading of the Tablet which thou hast sent
to us through Mi-rza Ali Akbar and Mirza Lot-
fullah Hakim, We feel ashamed, for we know
that we are unworthy of such love and kind-
ness. Therefore, we supplicate to God that He
may give us grace and power to become true
Bahais.
We thank thee again that thou hast sent
[Continued on page 161]

