68 STAR OF
meet you. My purpose is that perchance you
may illumine the world of humanity; that all
men may unite in perfect love and friendship;
that religious prejudices, national prejudices,
race distinctions, all may be completely aban-
doned. The religions of today consist of
dogmas. Because these dogmas differ from
each other, discord and even hatred is mani-
fest. Religion must be the basis of all good
fellowship. Think of the turmoil that today
exists in the Balkans; how much blood is shed;
how many thousands of mothers have lost
their sons, how many children have become
orphans, and how many buildings, villages, and
cities have been destroyed! The Balkan
states have become a volcano. All this ruin
originates from the prejudices created by the
different dogmas, called forth by superstitions
and race prejudices.
"The essence of the religion of God is love,
and the Holy Books bear testimony to that,
for the essence of the religion of God is the
light of the world of humanity; but mankind
today has forgotten What constitutes true re-
ligion. Each nation and each people today
hold to some definite dogma.
"Everything in the world is subject to change.
But this transmutation and change are require-
ments of life. See, for instance, these flowers
before us. They come forth from a seed. They
grow to perfection, but when they have reached
the state of perfection they go back again.
This is the invariable law of creation. Like-
wise man develops until he has grown to ma-
turity. When he reaches beyond the state of
maturity he begins to decline. All religions
of God are subject to this same law. They
are founded in order to blossom out and de-
velop and fulfill their mission. They reach
their zenith and then decline and come to an
end. So a few thousand years ago came Moses.
He promulgated the ten commandments. Later
these laws were changed, and this change was
so complete that of the original nothing more
was visible. Then God sent the Roman Empire
to destroy the Holy Land, because the Iews
had forgotten the law of God. They had in
the end only a bundle of superstitions. When
this religion had sunk to such a depth, God
sent his Holiness Iesus Christ. His Holiness
Christ appeared as the Light of the Sun, and
He founded anew the religion of God. He
revivified the light which had been given by
Moses and fulfilled that law.
"This should show you that religion is sub-
ject to change. So, also, religion is full of
superstition. There is today nothing more
THE WEST
than tradition to feed upon. Therefore our
souls must strive day and night in order that
the foundations of divine religion may again
he newly revivified. These traditions and these
dogmas are like the husks surrounding the
kernel. We must release the kernel from the
husk. The world of humanity is in the dark.
Our aim is to illumine mankind. It is natural
that after the darkness of every night the
brilliant day will come. It is our hope that
this darkness may be dispelled and that the
rays of the Sun of Reality will shine again. We
are confident that the darkness will again be
followed by the brightness of the day. It is
our hope that after the cold Winter a new
spring will come, giving new life to nature,
so that the trees of humanity will again
sprout and become verdant in the gardens, so
that they may bring forth leaves and blossoms
and fruit. Thanks be to God, the illumined
century has dawned. Thank God that this
spiritual spring has come. Thanks be to God,
that the reality of all things has been revealed.
This century is the century of light. This
period is the period of science. This cycle is
the cycle of reality. This age is the age of
progress and freedom of thought. This day
is the greatest day of the Lord. This time is
the time of eternal life. This age 'is the age
of the breath of the Holy Spirit. This time
is the time in which all is resurrected into new
life. Therefore, I desire that all may be
united in harmony. Strive and work so that
the standard of the World of human Oneness
may be raised among men, so that the lights
of universal peace may shine and the East and
the West embrace, and the material World
become a mirror of the Kingdom of God,
that eternal light may shine forth and that
the day break which will not be followed by
the night.
In this age every face must turn to God, so
that spiritual enlightenment will go hand in
hand with material education. Material educa-
tion alone cannot make the world happy. Spir-
itual civilization must assist the material civ-
ilization. The men of science and philosophy
are the founders of the material education, but
His Holiness Christ was the founder of the
spiritual, divine civilization. Material civiliza-
tion serves the world of men, but the spiritual
civilization founds the world of morals. These
two kinds of civilization must go hand in hand.
The material civilization is like the lamp,
but the spiritual civilization is like the light in
the lamp. This lamp without the light is a
useless thing. Therefore, in our day philoso-

