STAR OF THE WEST 11
ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Before his departure in May, I892, 
appointed his son Abbas Effendi, Abdul-
Baha, to be the "Center of the Covenant" of
Light, Love and Peace which he had founded
in the Name of God. He commanded all to
turn their faces to Abdul-Baha for understand-
ing, thus making him the authorized Inter-
preter of his writings. The only claim that
Abdul-Baha makes for himself is this au-
thority of interpretation and that he is Abdul-
Servant of God in this Revelation.
Abdul-Baha Abbas was born in Teheran,
Persia, on the evening of May 23rd, I844,
A. at the very hour while the Bab was
uttering in Shiraz his declaration of the ful-
ness of the times and the coming of the Great
Revealer. He was not of the family of the
Bab, and the Bab could not have known his
birth by any material means. At nine years of
age he accompanied his father in the journey
of exile to Baghdad, and from that time he
shared every hardship, suffering and imprison-
ment, ever manifesting such remarkable wis-
dom, influence, helpfulness and endurance that
he was always called "The Master." He
proved his mastership in every emergency,
Whether of contention, oppression and perse-
cution, or in severest trials and sufferings.
Prof. Browne says of his meeting the "Master"
in April,_ 1890:
"One more eloquent of speech, more ready
of argument, more apt of illustration, more
intimately acquainted with the sacred books of
the Jews, the Christians and the Mohammedans,
could, I should think, scarcely be found even
amongst the eloquent, ready and subtle race to
which he belongs. These qualities, combined
with a bearing at once majestic and genial,
made me cease to wonder at the influence and
esteem which he enjoyed even beyond the
circle of his father's followers. About the
greatness of this man and his power no one
who had seen him could entertain a doubt."
The Declaration of the Bab and the birth of
Abbas Effendi in different parts of the king-
dom of Persia simultaneously on May 23rd,
1844, were the Forewords of the coming Reve-
lation, the establishment of the "new heaven,"
the Spiritual Kingdom of God upon earth, and
the unity of mankind in the universal knowl-
edge of One God and in the peace of obedience
to his declared Will.
The declaration of telegraphic success, in
the words, "What hath God wroughtl"--flash-
ing out in America on the morning of May
24th, 1844, was the material response and fore-
word of the "new earth" to be created for the
physical welfare of man in the millennial age
about to appear. The spiritual proclamation
came from the East; the material answered
from the West.
That material prophecy has been followed
by such a wealth of revealing of the hidden
powers and gifts of nature that man is over-
whelmed and amazed, and has as yet compre-
hend but a small portion of the values already
discovered, while he perceives a host of new
wonders pressing upon him. Mr. Thomas A.
Edison says: "Scientific discoveries are com-
ing so thick and fast, there are so many of us
working like beavers at them, that it is
appalling merely to think about possibilities
in the future. Everything, anything is pos-
sible; the world is a vast storehouse of undis-
covered energy."
The spiritual Forewords were followed by
such a spiritual resurrection and devotion as
the world has not witnessed before, tens of
thousands of saints gladly, joyfully suffering
every indignity, loss, cruelty, and finally mar-
tyrdom for their pure faith in the Word of
God and their love for Him. Then came the
Great Revelation, the Glory of
God, opening the books of the past, renewing
the Word of God, calling all mankind to the
table of the Lord descending from the heaven,
and laying the foundations for the ascent of
humanity into a glorious manhood of Godly
knowledge, salvation and life.
And now the Son and Servant, Abdul-Baha,
is spreading that divine Word to the farthest
corners of the earth, and the advancing ones,
the fearless lovers of Truth, those who long
for nearness to God and obedience to his Will,
are gathering to that Standard of Peace and
Love from every religion, land and race.
"Glory be upon the people of Glory 1"
it-ii
OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue con-
tains: (I) Tablet from Abdul-Baha to the
STAR OF THE V\/Tissr; (2) New Year's [Naw--
roozl Greeting; (3) concerning the fourth
year of the STAR OF THE (4) talk by
Abdul-Baha, "The Promised One of All Na-
tions and Religions"; (5) conclusion of the
life story of Ianabe Badie, the Martyr; (6)
talk by Abdul-Baha, "Causes of the People
being veiled from the Manifestations of God";
(7) Glad-tidings from Paris.
The Editors.

