STAR OF THE WEST 135
until two hundred years after His Holiness
Christ breathed the breath of the Holy Spirit
upon the earth that it took effect. Then he
turned around quickly and said, "But you
shall see; you shall see"--and since the Chair-
man was talking, it seemed to me that the time
has come right here in this little gathering
when we shall see that a new spiritual capacity
has been born and the result of it will be seen
in this spiritual consultation.
[The Chairman called upon Mr. Gregory, of
Washi1igton.]
MR. GREGORY: The great problem seems to
be to reach those persons who are interested
in the Cause but who have not yet been quick-
ened to the standard of making a contribution
to this wonderful work.
No one can grow without spiritual sacrifice;
it is the law of our growth; and so the build-
ing of this Temple is a great opportunity
which God is offering to His children today, to
those whom He has chosen and elected to be
His agents for the spreading of His Word, for
the manifestation of His nature in this day.
In order that we may operate under this great
law of sacrifice, He has given us the work of
building this great Temple of Godmeasure up, as best we can, to the
demands of the occasion and, by our own sac-
rifice, to inspire others.
And so the Temple is an opportunity to
show our love, service and sacrifice. The real
greatness of the work we can only dimly
realize upon this occasion, but as this Temple
grows and assumes some substantial form, We
realize that in its deep spiritual meaning it
represents the body of the Manifestation and
that it is a great spiritual storehouse and will
affect not only the spiritual civilization of the
world, but will bring to light many wonderful
things in the sciences and arts and in the dif-
fusion of knowledge, and certainly the respon-
sibility is upon us to strive to our utmost to
bring this to fruition. Now we have come
here with the idea of building the Temple. and
Abdul-Baha has said not to talk, but to act.
MR. REMEYI Knowledge of the Cozmzam'
is the only thing that will produce an effect in
the hearts of the people. The knowledge that
the LORD has come and fulfilled His owemmt
and has left the CENTRE OF THE COVENANT upon
the is this which will really produce
a change in the hearts of the people. The
moment the ozrenant is mentioned in this
convention, that moment we center our
thoughts and hearts upon Abdul-Baha-then
we strike the live wire.
Miss QUANT: In thinking so much of the
Covenant and what it means let me suggest:
We are but a part of this wonderful Temple,
the symbol of which we are looking forward
to erecting. We will realize that each one must
be in touch with the others, and the more we
realizes this and that Abdul-Baha is the great
Centre and the life comes to each particle of
the great body through him, our love and
firmness will grOw, and the power to build the
outward, as the inward is being built, will
never be hinderedcan,
focus upon this, the real meaning of this
Temple and the significance of it in our work:
We know that all human progress is going to
be along lines that will radiate from this
spiritual Temple, all methods of social service
will center there, we know yet, just
how, we do not know. Bless your heart, if
the Temple were standing there tomorrow,
every last stroke of the artisan's handiwork
done, and the dome shining and everything
finished, what would we be doing in it and
with it? We will find out about the use and
purpose of it in the building of it. That is
the method of it. will never have our
eyes opened until we get our hearts opened
wide enough to open our pocket books and
get it down into our lives. We can talk about
it, think about it, rhapsodize about it, but if
we don't build it, it is no use. That founda-
tion has to be laid. ln fear and trembling?
Yes, and sweat and sacrifice and hard work
and friction and dust--all this is coming in
the building. We want some thought today on
the problem of the Mashrak-el-Azkar as ct
base, as a foundation, as a beginning of tmity,
of a practical unity, a foundation laid down
on the rocks so that the storms may come and
the earthquakes shake and everything else be
moved. But it will not be permanent and it will
not be laid until all this precipitate that is in
the way settles and we get a solution that goes
down to the primal rock and have a test of
faith. I remember that some years ago nobody
dared raise the question of a test of doctrine;
there was going to be no test of faith, but a
test of service and love. But we have it;
we have it in the term "firmness" running
through all our discussion like an iron rod;
we are getting ready for the cement to set on
something hard, and this Mashrak-el--Azkar is
the place where the cement is to be dumped
and when it is dumped it will be

