STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes.
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IV Mulk 1, 69 (February 7, 1914-) No. 18

From The Bahai Revelation by Thornton Chase
AITH in God is 11ot intellectual yielding
to argument through being convinced
that certain statements are correct, but it
is rather from a hunger of the soul, a knowl-
edge of personal helplessness and the percep-
tion of a possible Mighty Helpfulness. Faith
cannot rely on any man, but in God only; the
required help must come from a higher power
than man. The soul is craving that which
does not pertain to humanity in itself. The
nate Vllord, the human Manifestation of His
Will. Therefore, man must seek and find the
Ma1zzTfestali01'l of Goal, believe in Him, o-ccepl
His Word, obey His Commands, and follow
Him in the patlrway of sacrifice. The Mani-
festation of God may be always known, be-
cause He provides the kind of help which the
seeking soul requires, heart-help, spirit-help,
creating help.
is a praying creature. When he finds
them is beyond the power of mind.
is The Pardoner, The Bounteous!

Latent spark of divine longing is awaking to
seek its promise, a11d it turns heavenward for
the dawn of hope. It is looking for its Father,
God.
Therefore, it is necessary that man shall
have some knowledge of God, and for this he
must turn toward the "Face" of God. "Hear,
Lord, when I cry with my vo-ice; have
mercy also upon me, and answer me. Wl1en
thou saidst: 'Seek ye my face'; my heart
said unto thee, 'Thy face, Lord, will I seek.' 
(Ps. 27:8.) His "Face" is the 1'er/elation of
Himself in the realm of existence, where man
dwells. All the existence declares God and
teaches of Him, but the heart-knowledge, the
living knowledge, comes through His Incar-
[Continued from previous page]
Blessed is a lover who findeth the scent of the Beloved from this WORD,
wherefrom emanateth the Fragrance of Grace, in such wise that to describe
Think ye not that We have revealed the Ordinances unto you; rather We
have opened t:he Seal of the Sealed Wine, with the Fingers of Might and
Potency, whereunto will bear witness that which was revealed by the Pen of .
Inspiration. Reflect on this, people of ideas! . . .
THE FIRST ORDTNANCE IN KITAB-EL-AKDAS
Prayer and fasting are incumbent upon you after maturity--as a Com-
mand on the p-art of your LORD, and the LORD of your forefathers. The
sick, the aged, and the infirm are excused, as a favor on His part. Verily, He 
--BAHA H.
himself in need, as he does from the moment
of his birth, he strives by all means at his
command to "pray" for help. All through his
life he seeks aid from others; he is always in
need, always begging for assistance. 'Nhen
he is awakened through any means to the
hunger and helplessness of his soul, he hesi-
tates not to pray to God, and, whatever may
be thought of the action and working of
prayer, it causes man to turn toward God and
make it possible for God to answer him.
Prayer changes his attitude from self-ward
to God--ward.
If he prays for things that pertain to his
affairs, his spirit is not turned toward
God, but toward himself. His prayer must

