STAR OF THE WEST 289
LETTER FROM THE JEWISH BAHAIS OF TEHERAN TO THE CHRISTIAN OF CHICAGO
[Continued from page 2831
There are a great many such proofs and
utterances in the Old Testament. But He
manifested more and greater than they had
prophesied. His \/Vords have penetrated
throughout the earth, and the Voice of the
Greatness of the Blessed Perfection has sounded
through the whole world. We believed in His
Cause through these proofs of the Books of
and busy ourselves in proclaiming and spread-
ing the fragrances of His Cause; give life to
the dead and healing to the sick; make united
the East and the West, and, unheeding the
distance between, be always informed of each
other as if we were in the same house and
home, so that our love and union may increase.
To all the sincere believers and members of
WITH ALL. THE PEOPLE OF RELIGIONS WITH JOY AND 
AMONG the countless midnight gatherings held throughout America to usher in the year 1914, the
gathering illustrated above stands unique and deeply significant. It was the occasion of a


it

Ti
'1
banquet given by the Society of Art and Education--a club of Jewish young people in the city of
Chicag'o--t0 which a number of the Bahais were invited. On a previous occasion the Glad-Tidings
of the Appearance of the Promised One had been delivered to them by Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi. and they
had expressed a desire to meet some of the friends. Seated at the table were people of many
nativities, including a Japanese and a Persian. The meeting was vibrant with sincere fellowship I
and genuine cordiality. Speeches were made by oificers and members of the Society and by the
Bahais. In reality, it was an added testimony to the power of the Word of which
had made it possible for different religionists to "consort with joy and fragrance."
the Prophets; we joined with our friends;
united with those who were o-ur enemies and,
putting away the differences, made nature and
religion as one. And thus we praise Him at all
times that we have received such great favor.
We brothers must determine to stand firm
in The Covenant and the Cause of GOD,
and beg for aid and assistance; ask for merit,
the luminous House of Spirituality we send
our greeting, and hoping that we may hear
from you soon, we are
Your loving brothers,
The servants of Abdul-Baha.
I-IE ISRAELITISH BAHAIS or TEHERAN.
Received August. 27, 1903.
VOICE RECORDS OF ABDUL-BAI-IA may be obtained from Mrs. Howard MacNutt, 935 Eastern Parkway.
Brooklyn, N. Y., at 85 cents each, including packing and shipment via parcel post. These are disc records and
can be used on various phonographs.

