STAR OF THE WEST 305
THE DIVINE WISDOM IN ASTING
From Table Talks by Abdul-Ba/2a, by Mrs. Corinne True
UESTION: What Divine wisdom. is
there i11 fasting?
Answer; The Divine wisdo-m in fasting
is manifold. Among them is this: As during
those days e. the period of fasting which
the followers afterward. observe] the Mani-
festation of the Sun of Reality, through Di-
vine inspiration, is engaged in the descent [re-
vealing] of Verses, the instituting of Divine
Law and the arrangement of teachings,
through excessive occupation and intense at-
traction there remains no- condition or time
for eating and drinking. For examp-le, when
his holiness Moses went to Mount Tur (Sinai)
and there engaged in instituting the Law of
God, he fasted forty days. For the purpose
admonition and the commemoration of their
state, it became incumbent upon the people to
fast during those days. For every sincere
soul who has a beloved longs to experience
that state in which his beloved is. If his be-
loved is in a state of sorro-W, he desires sor-
row; if in a state of jo-y, he desires joy; if in
a state of rest, he desires rest; if in a state
of trouble, he desires trouble.
Now, since in this Millennial Day, his holi-
ness the Supreme [the fasted many days,
and the Blessed Beauty took
b-ut little food or drink, it becomes necessary
that the friends should follow that example.
For thus saith I-le in the Tablet of Visitation:
"They, the believers, have followed that which
HE Bahai month of fasting begins March 2'd and continues until March 5
20th, inclusive. The rules for fasting--in Kitab-el-Akdas-are a.s fol-
lows: Eating and drinking should cease before the rising of the sun
until the setting thereof. The traveler, the sick, the aged, the infirm, pregnant
w-omen, nursing mothers and children are free from this obligation.
of awakening and admonishing the people of
Israel, fasting was enjoined upon them.
Likewise, his holiness Christ, in the begin-
ning of instituting the Spiritual Law, the sys-
tematizing of the teachings and the arrange-
ment of counsels, for forty days abstained
from eating and drinking. In the beginning
the disciples and Christians fasted. Later the
assemblages of the chief Christians changed
fasting into lenten observances.
Likewise the Koran having descended in the
month Ramazan, fasting during that month be-
came a duty.
In like manner his holiness the Supreme
[the in the beginning of the Manifesta-
tion, through the excessive effect of descend-
ing Verses, passed days in which his no-urish-
ment was reduced to tea only.
Likewise, the Blessed Beauty 
when busy with instituting the Divine Teach-
ings and during the days when the Verses
[the Word of God] descended continuously,
through the great effect of the Verses and the
throbbing of the heart, took no food except the
least amount.
The purpose is this: In order to follow the
Divine Manifestations and for the purpose of
711 ml-1_ T-
they were commanded, for love of Thee."
This is one wisdom o-f the wisdoms of fast-
ing.
The second wisdom is this: Fasting is the
cause of awakening man. The heart becomes
tender and the spirituality of man increases
This is produced by the fact that man's
thoughts will be confined to the commemora-
tion of God, and through this awakening and
stimulation surely ideal advancements follow.
Third wisdom: Fasting is of two kinds, ma-
terial and spiritual. The material fasting is
abstaining from food or drink, that is, from
the appetites of the body. But spiritual, ideal
fasting is this, that man. abstain from selfish
passions, from negligence and from satanic ani -
mal traits.' Therefore, material fasting is a
token 0-f the spiritual fasting. That is: 
God! as I am fasting from the appetites of
the body and not occupied with eating and
drinking, even so purify and make holy my
heart and my life from ought else save Thy
Love, and protect and preserve my soul from
self-passions and animal traits. Thus may the
spirit associate with the Fragrances of Holi-
ness and fast from everything else save Thy
mention."

