STAR OF THE WEST 189
2" 
  
., . .. - 
 1 ea": 
I . 
   
  

V, 
At the grave of 'Dhornton Chase, Inglewood Cemetery, Los Angeles, California.
Mrs. Flora M. Clark. Miss Auforth, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Beckett.
before in Los Angeles--he said: "This re-
'z/ered personage was the first Baha-i in Amer-
ica. He served the Cause faithfully and Ibis
services will ever be remembered throughout
ages and cycles."
He told the friends to annually visit the
grave of Mr. Chase, to pray and have a meet>>
ing there and detail his earnest endeavors,
service and great love for the Cause.
Abdul-Baha journeyed to Los Angeles espe-
cially to visit the grave of Mr. Chase, and
it is hoped the friends in that vicinity will an-
nually visit the grave on the day he visited it.
This memorable event occured Saturday,
October 19th, 1912. It was about 1 p. when
Abdul-Baha together with about twenty-five
Bahais of Los Angeles arrived at Inglewood
cemetery. He walked Silently ahead of the
friends, who followed reverently. Many car-
ried bouquets of flowers. After arriving at
the grave, Abdul-Baha scattered his flowers.
and then one after another of the friends
gave him their bouquets, and he divided them,
scattering the flowers over the grave.
Then standing at the head of the grave and
raising his hands toward heaven, he uttered
the following prayer:
Prayer.
my God! my God! Verily, this is a
servant of Thine, who did believe on Thee
and in Thy signs; verily he hearkened to Thy
summons, turned to Thy Kingdom, humbled
himself at Thy holy threshold, was possessed
of a contrite heart, arose to serve Thy cause,
to spread Thy fragrances, to promote Thy
word, and to expound Thy wisdom.
Verily he guided the people to Thine an-
cient pathway, and led them to Thy way of
rectitude. Verily he held the chalice of guid-
ance in his right hand and gave unto those
athirst to drink of the cup of favor. He pre-
sented himself at Thy lofty threshold, where
he laid his. brow on the fragrant soil of Thy
garden and circumambulated Thy all-glorious
and sublime abode, the traces of which are
wide-spread and the fragrances of whose
loyalty are sensed everywhere. Later he re-
turned to these vast and extensive countries
and proclaimed Thy name among the people,
until his respiration ceased and his outward
sensation was suspended, returning to Thee
with a heart throbbing with Thy love and with
an opened to Thy direction.
Lord! Lord! Submerge him in the
ocean of Thy glory. Lord! Lord! Usher
him into Thy delectable garden. Lord!
Lord! Usher him into Thy lofty paradise
and cause him to be present in Thy meeting
of transfiguration. Lord! Submerge him
in the ocean of Thy lights.

