18 STAR OF
held in the city of New York from April 26
to April 29, 1913.
The New York Assembly most cordially in-
vites the delegates and visiting friends to re-
port at Hotel St. Andrews, corner Broadway
and 72d street, on Saturday, April 26, 1913,
where they will be met by the Reception Com-
mittee, who will confer with all delegates and
friends on arrangements.
The first business session of the convention
will be held at IO a. rn. Monday, April 28, in
accordance with Article 4 of the Constitution.
All Assemblies or Centers which have not re-
ceived a copy of the call sent out by the
Secretary, should they feel able to send dele-
gates, will kindly elect the same and send his
or her name to the Secretary of this Board,
Mr. Bernard M. Jacobsen, 5338 Kenmore ave-
nue, Chicago, Ill., on or before the 12th day
of April, 19x3, so their names may be for-
warded with all others received to the Recep-
tion Committee in New York.
The friends will notice that the place of
THE WEST
convention has been changed this year. At a
meeting of the Executive Board held February
8 and 9, 1913, the question of movable conven-
tions was taken up and after consultation
it was the unanimous opinion of all present
that it would serve the best interests of the
Unity if conventions were held in other cities.
A resolution was passed and a cablegram
forwarded to Abdul-Baha, asking his guid-
ance in the matter. His answer was "Hold
conventions in other cities." We, in accord-
ance therewith, have arranged to hold the
convention this year in the city of New
York after consultation with the New York
Assembly and, thereto-re, urge all Assemblies
to send a delegate in order that as large a
representation as possible may be gathered
together for this event.
Yours in service,
Exacurrva COMMITTEE OF
BAHAI TEMPLE UNITY.
Bernard M. Jacobsen, Secretary.
i 
FROM THE TABLE OF ABDUL-BAHA
From notes by Mr. Howard MacNutt
NE of the Bahai Friends said to Abdul-
Baha, "What we expected in connection
with your visit to America has not
happened and what we did not expect to hap-
pen has indeed come to pass. We expected
an attitude of hostility toward you by the
clergy and theologians. Instead of this they
have welcomed you in the spirit of fairness
and sincerity. We did not expect the churches
and religious societies would open their doors,
but they have done so and most of your im-
portant public addresses have been delivered
from pulpits of various denominations."
AbduI--Baha replied, "According to the record
of three Gospels, His Holiness Iesus Christ
Went into the Temple of Jerusalem, rebuked
the Jews for the degeneracy of their worship
into materialistic forms and 'delivered the Mes-
sage of Divine Glad-tidings. For nineteen
hundred years this has been pointed out by
Christians as a most wonderful event,--that
His Holiness without opposition from the Iews
was permitted to enter their most sacred place
of worship and proclaim the Word of God.
Consider what has happened in this century.
During the past year we have been welcomed
in churches and pulpits of Europe and America
by difierent denominations,--upraising the
Divine Standard of Unity, summoning man-
kind to the Glad Tidings of the Most Great
Peace, proclaiming the Reality of t-he Kingdom
of ABHA. And this has been accomplished not
only without opposition but by invitation, and
in a spirit of the utmost love and fragrance.
Consider therefore the wonderful influence
and importance of this in the iuture."
"In my talks with the reverend doctors of
religion and men of the peace societies I have
spoken the Glad-tidings of but
always according to their varying need and
capacity. As capacities differ, the purpose must
be to satisfy the degree of hunger, destroy all
possible antagonism and establish a point of
agreement. We cannot induce men to lay
down their arms by fighting with them. War
intensifies the spirit of strife. War begets
war. We are peacemakers, not destroyers of
peace. Therefore Abdul-Baha finds the note
of harmony which vibrates in every human
heart. This is our subtle basis. Build upon it.
Follow no other method. Talk about things
upon which We agree and say nothing about
things upon which we differ. We must dis-
organize humanism in order to construct a
spiritual edifice in the 'world of humanity.
This edifice is heavenly but its foundations are
planted in the unity of human hearts."

