258 STAR OF THE WEST
CERTAIN NEW TEACHINGS OF THE BAI-IAI REVELATION
NOT FOUND IN THE RELIGIOUS BOOKS OF THE PAST
[Continued from page 255]
In short, the purpose is that the teachings of
are many. Were I to speak to
you co-ncerning them until morning they would
not be exhausted. I have explained to you
some of them. You can read the rest in the
Tab-lets of In a word; some
have asked the question as to what are the
new things that has taught, and
were I to continue to tell you more of these
new teachings the subject would not be ex-
hausted even if I spoke all night. I therefore
pray to God to strengthen you in good deeds.
I pray to God to confirm you, in order that
you may live in accord with the teachings of

Upon ye be 
EXHOR TA TION
The Doors of the Kingdom are opened; the Sun of Truth
0 is shining upon the world; the Fountains of Life are flowing; the
Daysprings of Mercy have appeared," the Greatest and Most Glorious
Light is now manifest to illuminate the hearts of men.
Wake up and hear the Voice of GOD calling from all parts of the
Supreme unto Me, ye children of men; come unto Me,
ye who are thirsty, and drink from this sweet Water which is descending
in torrents upon all parts of the globe."
Now is the time! ow is the Accepted Time!
Look ye at the time of Christ:-had the people realized that the Holy
Spirit of GOD was speaking to them through His Divine Mouth, they
would not have waited three centuries before accepting Him.
And now is it meet for you that you are sleeping upon the beds of
idleness and neglect, while THE FATHER, whose coming Christ foretold, has
come amaong us, and opened the Greatest Door of Bounteous Gif-is and Di-
vine Forz/ors.?
Let us not be like those in past centuries, who were deaf to His Call,
and blind to His Beauty; but let u-s try and open our eyes, that we may see
Him; and open our ears that we may hear  and cleanse our hearts
that He may come and abide in our temples.
These days are the days of Faith and Deeds-not the days of words and
lip service: Let us arise from the sleep of negligence, and realize what a
great feast is prepared for us; first eating thereof ourselves, then giving
unto others who are thirsting for the Water of Knowledge, and hungering
for the Bread of Life.
These Great Days are swiftly passing; and once gone they can never
be recalled. So, while the Rays of the Sun of Truth are still shining and
THE CENTER O-F THE COVENANT OF GOD is manifest, let us go
forth to work.

CA BLEGRA FROM ABD UL-BAHA.
Bagdadi, Chicago: Acca, Syria.
Arrived safely Holy Land. ABBAS.
Dec. 10th.
VOICE RECORDS OF ABDUL-BAI-IA may be ob-
tained from Mrs. M. S. MacNutt, 935 Eastern Park-
way, Brooklyn, N. Y., at 65 cents each. These are
disc records and can be used upon various phono-
graphs.
OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue contains: (1)
Tablets to assemblies in the Orient regarding Abdul-
Baha's sojourn in America and Europe; (2) progress
of the Cause of God in Stuttgart, Germany; (3) Tab-
let revealed for the "Purity Assembly" in Arasten;
(4) news from Yazd by F. F. Teerandaz; (5) the
Feast of The Center of The Covenant; (6) "Glad-
tidings"--a cablegram from Aceza, Syria.

