STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as se'cond-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post ofiicc at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1379.
'7 - 7' 1
Editorial Siaf: ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Mi Honorary Jifember: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB 7 7
TERMS $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to NEWS SERVICE, P, 0. Box 283, Chicago, U, S. A.
To personal checl:? please add suflicient to cover the ban]: exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Sriar of the West! HE Is con!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase. thy
arena. will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firnmess, firmness,
firmness! (Si n-ed) Anus.
9. . I .. 
Vol. IV Chicago (April 9, 1913) Jalal No. 2
ABDUL-BAHA ADDRESSES THE ESPERANTISTS OF EDINBURGH
AND PARIS.

ADDRESS DELIVERED IN EDINBURGH
January 7, l913--under the auspices of the Edinburgh Esperanto Society
From The British Esperantist, February, 1913
VERY movement which promotes unity
and harmony in the world is good, and
everything which creates discord and dis-
content is bad. This is a century of illumina-
tion, surpassing all others in its many dis-
coveries, its great inventions, and its vast and
varied undertakings. But the greatest achieve-
ment oi the age in conferring profit and pleas-
ure on mankind is the creation of an auxiliary
language for all. Oneness of language creates
oneness of heart. Oneness of language en-
genders peace and harmony. It sweeps away
all misunderstandings among peoples. It
establishes harmony among the children of
men. It gives to the human intellect a broader
conception, a more commanding point of
view.
Today the greatest need of liumanity is to
understand and to be understood. V\7itl1 the
help of the International Language, every in-
dividual member of a community can learn of
world happenings and become in touch with
the ethical and scientific discoveries of the
age. The auxiliary international language
gives to us the key--the key of keys--which
unlocks the secrets of the past. By its aid
every nation henceforth will be able easily and
without difficulty to work out its own scientific
discoveries.
It is a Well-known fact that the Oriental
student coming to the west, in his eiiorts to
acquaint himself with the discoveries and
achievements of western civilization, must
spend precious years of his life in acquiring
the language of the land to which he comes
before he can turn to the study of the special
science in which he is interested. For ex-
ample, let us suppose that a youth from India,
Persia, Turlcestan or Arabia comes to this
country to study medicine. He must first
struggle with the English language for four
years, to the exclusion oi all else, before he
can even begin the study of medicine. VVhe1"e-
as, if the auxiliary international language
were taught in all the schools during his child-
hood, he would learn the language in his own
country, and afterwards, wherever he wished
to go, he could easily pursue his specialty
Without loss of some of the best years of his
life.
Today if one Wishes to travel abroad, even
though possessed of several languages, he is
likely to be seriously handicapped because he
does not know the particular language of

