204 STAR OF
This food is manna from heaven. I hope
earnestly that the results of the 'Lord's Sup-
supper which was i11 the utmost of
love and fellowship and severance from all
else save God--may be realized at this supper
also. Thus may you associate one with the
other in perfect fellowship and friendship, and
may all of you rejoice in many such feasts.
Thus may the hearts be exhilarated and the
faces be turned to the Kingdom of ABHA.
Then will you be instrumental in reconciling
THE WEST
In a word, His Holiness shone
forth from the Horizon of the Orient, even as
the sun, casting a radiance over the world.
During His lifetime He did not rest a moment,
nor did He repose comfortably one night. He
suffered many trials. He was a prisoner. He
was enchained. He was exiled. All these
ordeals did He endure in order that perfect
fellowship and love should blend the hearts
together,
Praise be to God! the labors of 
Abdul-Baha walking in front of the home of Mrs. Goodall, October 12, 1912
all the religions and all the races, and in
creating a bond that will unite all the nations
of the world. Thus, in the center of the
world, shall be pitched the tent of the one-
ness of humanity, and the standard of uni-
versal peace shall be unfurled and Wave
throughout the world. Then in the future
there will be no doubt as to this suoper being,
the Lord's supper, for it is productive of love
and fellowship, and will become the cause of
the illumination of the world. Every supper
that is productive of love and unity, the cause
of radiance throughout the world, of inter-
national peace_ and of the solidarity of man,
is undoubtedly the Lord's supper.
have not been in vain, for among your hearts
love has been created. All of you are to-
gether in the utmost of love. I hope that you
will be the cause of transforming the whole
world of man into a feast like unto this,
wherein the hearts of all shall be welded
together, the lives of all shall be glad-tidings.
The world of humanity then will become as
a tree, and all men as its branches, twigs,
blossoms and fruits. This is my wish and
desire.
In the utmost of joy partake of this feast.
Benediction
[After the feast, Abdul-Baha stood on the
[Continued on page 209]

