STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strites,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IV Chicago (June 5, 1913) Nur No. 5
PUBLIC MEETINGS OF THE FIFTH ANNUAL CONVENTION
OF BAHAI TEMPLE UNITY
NEW YORK CITY, APRIL 26-29, 1913
By ]oseph H. Hannen
roses--a profusion of rich,
rare, regal red roses! It is thus that
one recalls the perfect days spent with
the New York friends upon the occasion of
the Fifth Annual Convention of Bahai Temple
Unity. First and foremost, because of the
abundance of the fragrant blossoms, deep-
tinted Jacqueminots, American Beauties and the
various intermediate shades, which adorned
the tables at the series of entertainments given
us; and one must not overlook a perfect Crim-
son Rambler which gracefully ornamented the
platform upon the occasion of the public meet-
ings! But the association of ideas carries yet
a deeper significance: For the perfection and
fragrance of the rose typifies the occasion as a
whole. As the friends gathered from far and
near one thought of the petals of a great
hundred-leaf rose, each adding its tint of beauty
and its fragrance to the blossom; and like the
heart of a rose they were clinging to the Cen-
ter of the Covenant, from whence emanated the
sweet spiritual fragrance which is diffused
throughout the world. As one can tell the
artificial rose from the true by this very fact
of the attachment of the petals to a living
center, even so this was a great body vibrant
with life, beauty and fragrance. The Center
of the Covenant drawing from the very Heart
of God Himself the spiritual nourishment
which is the food of the soul, completed the
similitude, and so as a great rose, or perhaps
a rose garden, one recalls the assemblage which
gathered at the call of the executive committee.
This convention developed a most significant
fact--that the spirit of the conventions is in-
dependent of environment; for those who had
attended previous sessions in Chicago had felt
some interest in noting the effect of a change
in the place of meeting. It had seemed that
the Mashrak-el-Askar site, as Well as the de-
lightful hospitality of the Chicago friends, were
inseparable from the convention program. But
with no" thought of comparison it became evi-
dent from the very first that the inspiration
of the occasion and the very presence in one
place of many of the friends would generate
the spiritual atmosphere; and history was
written during these recent and memorable
days in the creation of a new and vitalizing
force which shall from year to year energize
various centers and leave enough to spare, like
the miracle of the loaves and fishes, to supply
the wants of thousands in the various centers
to which the delegates shall return.
At 3 p. Saturday, April 26th, while the
executive committee was in session in an upper
chamber, a reception to the delegates and
friends was given in the spacious and beau-
tiful parlors of Mrs. Florian Krug, 830 Park
avenue. Here was enacted the delightful ex-
perience of greetings interchanged by the
friends from the various assemblies to be rep-
resented in the convention. This year it seemed
that even a larger number than usual were
present. To the strains of sweet music fur-
nished by an orchestra, the divine harmonies
were played in tender chords vibrating into the
depths of the souls of the company. Here
beautiful flowers lent their fragrance to the
ensemble; the reception committee dispensed
graceful hospitality and the delightful hostess
and her charming daughter made all feel at
home, A buffet luncheon refreshed the travel-
ers, and one was loath to leave the sparkling
scene when the hour came, all too soon, to
proceed to the next function.
The Feast of Rizwan was celebrated by a
dinner, given by the New York Assembly to
the delegates and friends. For this purpose
the Columbia University Commons was secured,
the vast hall being admirably suited to the oc-

