STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post ofiice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Editorial Staflf: ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
7 *7 -- 
TERMS: $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Nore--Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BA1-mt NEWS SERVICE, P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, Ill" U, S. A.
To personal checks please add sufficient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEYVS SERVICE, P. O. BoxE83, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS eon!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clinie. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firnmess, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Vol. IV Chicago (May 17, 1913) Azamat No. 4-
MY MY BELOVED 
Talk by Abdul-Baha given in Stuttgart, Germany
HILE Abdul-Baha was one day looking
ob out of his hotel window he observed a
regiment of soldiers passing by in great
array, and he said:
"They are ready to fight for their fatherland.
How barbarous it seems to send men, who do
not even know each other, to the battlefield in
order to shoot each other down.
"The Bahai Grand Army consists of the in-
visible angels of the Supreme Concourse. Our
swords are the Words of Light. Our arma-
ment is the armament of heaven. We are
fighting against the forces of darkness.
my soldiers! My beloved soldiers! For-
ward! Forward! Have no fear of defeat-
do not have failing hearts. Our Supreme
Commander is From the
heights of Glory He is directing this dramatic
engagement. He commands us! Rush for-
ward! Rush iorward! Show the strength of
your arms. Ye shall scatter the forces of
ignorance!
"Your war confers Life; their war brings
death. Your war is the cause of the illumina-
tion of all mankind; their war means the break-
ing and darkness of hearts. Your war means
victory upon victory; their war is defeat upon
defeat. Your war is the means of construc-
tion; their war is the origin of destruction.
"There are no dangers before you. Push
forward! Push forward! Attack the enemy!
Your efforts shall be crowned with the diadem
of Eternal Peace and Brotherhood.
"His Holiness the Christ was fighting even
upon the Cross, and His triumphant work con-
tinued through ages and cycles."
 
THE MASHRAK-EL-AZ KAR IN
HE believers must display an endeavor
so that the land may be bought in its
entirely; then collect contributions for
the building and then they may think about
the plans. . . . I hope from the favor of the
True One, that sufficient and ample contribu-
tions may be gathered and afterward the best
and most acceptable plans be decided upon."
"Now it is hoped that the believers of God
may show magnanimity and raise great sum
AMERICA: ANNOUNCEMENT
for the building, so that the FOUNDATION
of the Mashralz-el-Aelear may be laid and per-
chance, God willing, the corner stone of the
foundation may be laid by the hand of Abdul-
of Abdul--Baha.

The morning Abdul-Baha left Chicago, on
the occasion of his last visit, he instructed the
National Secretary of the Bahai Temple Unity
to the effect that the remaining debt on the

