STAR OF THE WEST 105
help me and I will help you to increase our
service in the Cause of Second-
ly, we will help each other grow more and
more accustomed to punishment and persecu-
tion. Years ago in Baghdad the usual punish-
ment for offenders and lawbreakers was the
bastinado. The governor noticed that a certain
band of men came repeatedly before him for
trial. They were regularly found guilty of
breaking the law, sentenced and whipped upon
the feet. While the bastinado was being in-
flicted they appeared quite comfortable and
evidently unconscious of pain. In a few days
these same offenders would be back again,
going through the same process. The governor
made careful inquiry about them. It was
learned that they lived together in a house
and that every day it was their custom to bas-
tinado each other until the skin upon their feet
had become so hardened to the whip that
the legal bastinado gave them no inconvenience
whatever.
Now we, as offenders against the Opinions
of our friends and enemies, must assist each
other to become impervious to their criticism,
unconscious of attack, welcoming their whips.
You must beat me and I will beat you with
the whips of love. The more we beat each
other the more capable of withstanding we will
become. When the enemies find they are in-
creasing our love, enkindlement and service in
the pathway of they will wonder
and say, "How is this? Our words have no
effect upon them except to make them love us
more and give thanks to God for our scourg-
ing."
The Blessed Beauty won the
hearts of his jailers and tormentors. No one
could Withstand Him. The intense flame of
His love melted the hardest stone of hearts.
The more chains of iron they put upon His
body, the more He imprisoned them in chains
of love. They looked upon Him in wonder;
they became His followers.
MATERIAL AND DIVINE EDUCATION
Words of Abdul-Baha delivered during his sojourn in America
HE heart of man is a garden. The real
garden is in order, well planted, watered
and cultivated. This is not so with the
jungle. The jungle gives no evidence of culti-
vation. Where there is no gardener disorder
prevails. Wild growth produces nothing. Hu-
man education is of great importance. It is
especially necessary to educate the children.
They are the young tender trees of God's plant-
ing. But the supreme education is Divine
Teaching. Through it the most ignorant be-
come wise and the lowest are elevated to the
loftiest heights. This transformation i11 man
is made by the Manifestations of God. Through
them the wicked become righteous, the weak
firm, the barren fruitful. One day's education
under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit is bet-
ter than ten years material training in the
universities of the world. has
said two steps are necessary for human devel-
and Divine Education. In
the world of humanity, we see some seeking
upward, some downward.
Material scientists endeavor to show the evo-
lution of the species man from the monkey. The
Prophets of God have been occupied in ex-
plaining that man has descended from the
Divine Spirit. The professors and learned
scientists of materialism glory in the evidences
that the ape is the progenitor of humanity and
make exhaustive efforts to discover proof of
it. If we should ask the ape, he would say
"Unquestionably We are all one,--of this I am
certain without the aid of scientific inquiry,
ethnological proof, biological deductions or
geological findings; I believe what I 
for the ape is a real, a true materialist.

The real materialist is the animal. Com-
pared to the animal, man is but a tyro and
novice in materialism. The animal is a natural
materialist. He does not mention God and
knows nothing about the Kingdom. He de-
pends solely upon sense perception. That
which is not perceptible to the senses he re-
jects. From this standpoint of knowing the
greatest Plato is the cow, and the donkey is
an arch philosopher. In the great university
of nature, where nothing beyond the pale of
sensibilities is classified as knowledge, the
animal is a graduate and the human materialist
but an under-graduate.
If a child is left to its own natural pro-
clivities, without education, it will embody all
human defects. Education makes of man a
man. Religion is Divine Education. There
are two pathways which have been pointed out
by the Heavenly Educators. The first is

