STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post ofiice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
EDITORS: ALBERTTR. GERTRUDE BUIKEMA - DR. ZTA EMT. BAGDADI
TERMS: $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Note Until further notice, distribution in Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P, O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill" U, .5. A.
To personal checlza please add suflicient to cover the bani: exehanqe.
Address all communications to BAHAI SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! I-IE IS eon!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and elime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves_of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Vol. IV Chicago (March 21, 1913) Baha No. 1

THE CONVEY THE AWAKEN 
Words of Abdul-Baha uttered in England, January 16, 1913
souls are entering with different
mentalities and degrees of understanding.
Complex difficulties constantly rise before us.
The administration of the Cause has become
most difficult. Conflicting thought and theories
attack the Cause from every side. Now con-
sider to what extent the believers in God must
become firm and soul-sacrificing. Every one
of the friends must become the essence oi
essences; each one must become a brilliant
lamp. People all around the world are enter-
ing the Cause; people of various tribes and
nations and religions and sects. It is most
difficult to administer to such heterogeneous
elements. Wisdoni and Divine insight are
necessary. Firmness and steadfastness are
needed at such a crucial period of the Cause.
All the meetings must be for teaching the
Cause and spreading the Message, and suffer-
ing the souls "to enter in the Kingdom of
Look at me. All my thoughts
are centered around the proclamation of the
Kingdom. I have a Lamp in my hand search-
ing through the lands and seas to find souls
who can become heralds of the Cause. Day
and night I am engaged in this work. Any
compliance with Abdul-Baha's wish
as expressed in this article, we have compiled this
issue of the STAR on THE to assist those
who desire to "convey the Message and awaken
Editors.
THE Cause has become very great. Many
other deliberations in the meetings are futile
and fruitless. Convey the Message! Attract
the hearts! Sow the seeds! Teach the Cause
to those who do not know.
It is now six months that Seyed Assad-
ullah has implored that I write a few lines to
my sister and my daughters. I have not done
this because I find 1 must teach. I enter all
meetings, all churches, so that the Cause may
be spread. When the Mosr IMPORTANT Work
is before our sight, we must let go the Im-
portant one.
If the meetings or Spiritual Assembly has
any other occupation, the time is spent in
futility. All the deliberations, all consulta-
tion, all the talks and addresses must re-
volve around one focal center and that is:
TEACH THE Con-
vey the Message! Awaken the souls! Now
is the time of laying the foundation. Now
must we gather brick, stone, wood, iron, and
other building materials! Now is not the
time of decoration. We must strive day and
night and think and Work. What can I say
that may become effective? What can I do
that may bring results? Wliat can I write
that may bring forth fruits? Nothing else
will be useful, today. The interests of such
a Glorious Cause will not advance without
undivided attention. While we are carrying
this load we cannot carry any other load!

