STAR OF THE WEST 255
question, while the economic pro-blem has been
thoroughly solved in the teachings of 

The eleventh teaching is the organizatio-n
called, The House of justice, which is en-
dowed with a political as Well as a religious
asp-ect. It embodies both aspects, and it is
protected by the Preserving Power of 
Himself. A Universal or World
House of Iustice shall be organized. That
which it orders shall b-e the Truth in explain-
ing the Commands of and that
which the House of Justice ordains concern-
fiig the Commands of shall be
ob-eyed by all. But that will be the House o-f
Iustice -organized from amongst the members
of the Houses of Iustice of the whole wo-rld,
and all men shall be under the supervision o-f
that House of Justice.
As to the most Great it
is a specific teaching of the Revelation of
and not given by any of the
Prophets o-f the past,--it is the teaching con-
cerning The Cen-ter of The Covenant. By
giving the teaching concerning The Centre of
The Covenant He made provision against all
kinds of differences, so that no man should be
able to create a new sect. To guard against
that state of thing, He entered into a Cov-
enant with all the people of the world, indi-
cating the Person o-r the Interp-reter of His
teachings, so that no man should be able to
say that he explains a certain teaching in this
way, and thus create a sect revolving around
his individual understanding of a part of the
teachings. Thus the "Book of the Covenant"
and the Testament of is the
means of 'preventing such a possibility, for
who-ever shall say a wo-rd from his own self
shall be degraded. Be ye cognizant of this.
Beware lest anyone shall secretly say any-
thing to you against this! There are some
people of self-will and self-desire who do not
communicate their selfish intentions to you in
a clear language. They secretly and b-y insin-
uation do this. They praise a certain individu-
al, saying such an individual is so and so, is
Wise, is learned, is perfect, he was glorified
in the presence of or in an in-
sidious way they make this statement. Or they
may take you one by one into a dark corner of
a room and convey to you these things by
certain innuendoes. Be ye aware! For His
Holiness Christ has said that no one hides the
lamp un-der a bushel.
The purpose is this that some people shall
come before you in order to secure something
in their own favor. Be ye greatly upon your
guard, so that no one may infringe upon the
Oneness of Cause. Praise be
to God! left nothing unsaid!
He explained everything. He left no room
for anything further to be said. Yet, still
there are souls--some p>>ersons--who, for the
sake of personal profit and interest, will at-
tempt to sow the seeds of sedition. I/Vhoever
may say a thing, whoever praises an individual,
ask him to give you a written proof concern-
ing the praise he offers of that individual.
Let him show you a trace from the pen of
T'he Center of the Covenant substantiating
his praise of that certain individual; other-
wise, say to him that you are not allowed to
give heed to the words of everyone. Say,
"You may love a person today and praise him,
tomorrow another, and the next day still an-
other. We cannot afford to listen to this or
that individual. Where is your document?
Where is your authority from the pen of the
Center of the Covenant?"
My purpose is to convey to you that it is
your duty to guard the Religion of God, so
that none shall be able to assail it either out-
wardly or inwardly. If you see injurious
teachings co-ming from an individual, no mat-
ter who that individual may be, even though
he be my own son, know ye verily that I am
quit of him. If you see anyone speaking
against The Covenant, even though he be my
own son, know ye that I am averse to him.
If a person speaks falsehoods, know ye that I
am quit of him. He who covets things world-
ly and seeks after his own desire to accumu-
late the riches of this world, and is looking
at the hand of the people to give him some-
thing, know ye that I am quit of such an one.
But when you see a person living up to the
teachings of living up to the
teachings in the Hidden Words, know ye
that verily I proclaim that he is of me,-know
ye that he belongs to If you
see anyone Whose deeds and conduct are con-
trary to, and not in conformity with the good
pleasure of the Blessed Perfection, and are
not in conform-ity with the requirements in
the Hidden Words, let that be the criterion,
your standard by which to judge that person.
If you find anyone opposed to the Spirit of
these teachings, know ye that I am quit of
him, no matter who he may be. This is the
Truth.
[Continued on page 258]

