86 STAR OF
by Mrs. Isabella D. Brittingham. This beloved
teacher was heard to splendid advantage. Mrs.
Mary Hanford Ford was next introduced, and
in a telling manner gave her impressions con-
cerning the economic aspects and practical ad-
vantages and claims of the Bahai Movement.
An evening of rare beauty, blending sweet
music with spiritual harmonies, was brought
to a close with a Bahai hymn, in which all pres-
ent joined.
Thus ended the sessions of the convention
of 1913. In its truest sense, however, the con-
vention was not confined to New York, but
was participated in by the friends throughout
America and in all parts of the world. Its
real chairman was the Center of the Covenant
THE WEST
of God, whose presence was felt by all in a
most wonderful way. And what is true of
environment applies equally to time, for the
sessions of this conference will be continuous,
in the spirit developed, the plans made and
to be carried out, and in the hearts of souls
of all present or touched by its spirit. Thus
are Bahai conventions differentiated from all
other gatherings. The echoes of this series of
sessions will reverberate throughout the ages
until the half-light of time shall yield to the
Perfect Day of Eternity!
Norm--The report of the Business Sessions of
the Convention is still in the hands of a com-
Editors.

ABDUL-BAHA
the invitation of the Hungarian Peace,
A Esperanto and Feminist societies and of
the Oriental Commercial Academy,
Abdul-Baha arrived at Budapest, Hungary, on
April gth. He spoke to a great public gather-
ing arranged by these institutions and besides,
on three evenings, to the Theosophical Society,
to the Star of the East members and the Tura--
nian Society. About 800 people listened to
his Address, which was translated into Eng-
lish by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab and then into
Hungarian.
During Abdul-Baha's sojourn in Budapest he
received many distinguished visitors, among
others the celebrated Hungarian Orientalists,
Prof. Vambery and Prof. Goldzieher. Prof.
Robert Nadler, a Hungarian painter of great
AT BUDAPEST
renown, made a portrait sketch of Abdul-
Baha.
More important than the outward honors
given to him is that his words and personality
gave a new start to the Bahai Cause in
Hungary, which is on the border of the East
and the West, and whose population is a mix-
ture of many antagonistic nationalities, there-
fore very much in need of internal peace and
unity.
Abdul-Baha honored Mr. Leopold Stark,
whose address is II Nyulucta 5, by charging
him to unite all those in Budapest who are
likely to form the first nucleus. Bahai friends
all over the world are requested to help by
sending good advice and propaganda litera-
ture.
ADDRESSES BY ABDUL-BAHA DELIVERED IN NEW YORK CITY
TALK GIVEN BY ABDUL-BAHA AT 309 WEST
SEVENTY-EIGHTH ST., NEW YORK CITY, JUNE
I8, 
MATTER how much the world of
humanity advances in material civiliza-
tion, it is, nevertheless, in need of the
spiritual development mentioned in the Gos-
pel. The virtues of the material World are
limited, whereas Divine virtues are unlimited.
Because the virtues of the material world
are limited, therefore man's need of the Divine
World, the Divine perfections and virtues, is
unlimited.
Consider the history of humanity. You
will find that although the very apex of

*T1-anslated by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed and taken
stenographieally by Miss Emma C. Melick.
human virtues has been reached at certain
times, yet they were limited; but the Divine
virtues have ever been unlimited. The limited
is ever in need of the unlimited. The mate-
rial must be confirmed by the spiritual. The
material is likened unto the body, but the
breaths of the Holy Spirit are the Spirit
itself. The body without spirit is not produc-
-tive of fruit. Although the body may be in
the utmost state of beauty, it is, nevertheless,
in need of the spirit. The chimney of the
lamp, no matter how polished it be, is in need
of the light. Without the light within the
candle or the lamp, it is not illuminating. The
body without the spirit is not productive. The
teaching of a merely material teacher is lim-
ited. The philosophers claimed to be the
educators of mankind, but if we refer to his-

