STAR OF THE WEST 7
ADDRESS BY ABDUL-BAHA
AT CHURCH OF THE ASCENSION, FIFTH AVENUE AND TENTH STREET, NEW YORK CITY
REV. PERCY STICKNEY GRANT. RECTOR, APRIL 14, 
INTRODUCTION BY REV. DR. GRANT.
is to be our privilege this morning to
I listen to one who has come out of the East;
a new and great herald of good--will. He
comes with a plan of construction and recon-
struction, and bears a message of peace and
love to all mankind. Abdul-Baha is a Master
of the things of the Spirit. Modern life to
him is only a fabric. He is a man with a
spirit of understanding and wisdom. He
comes from that part of the world where
men meditate; where contemplation was born.
He teaches the fundamental unity of all re--
ligions,--a truth in which this congregation
believes profoundly,--and we welcome here
one who may help the material fervor of the
Occident to gain a new peace by the infiltra-
tion of the harmonies of the Orient. This
great representative of the East comes to tell
us that knowledge and more knowledge will
bring about a realization of peace and unity.
Some will ask, "What has he done to prove
his sincerity?" An exile from his native land
from the age of nine, a prisoner for forty
years ;--these are the badges of Abdul-Baha's
sincerity. 'Ne are going to listen in the fash-
ion of the East and listen to a great student.
ADDRESS BY ABDUL-BAHA.
In his scriptural reading this morning the
revered Doctor quoted a verse from the Epis-
tle of St. Paul to the Corinthians, "For now
we see through a glass darkly, but then face
to face."
In reality the Light of Truth has heretofore
been seen through variegated glasses, but now
we hope that the Splendors of Divinity shall
be seen through the translucent mirrors of
pure hearts and spirits. That Light of Truth
is the Divine teaching, heavenly instructions,
merciful principles and spiritual civilization.
Since my arrival in this country I find that
material civilization has progressed greatly. I
find commercial progress in the utmost degree
of expansion; arts, agriculture and all details
of material civilization in the highest stage
of perfection; but spiritual civilization has
been left behind. Material civilization is like
unto the glass, while spiritual civilization is
the light in that glass. If the material and
*C0mpiIed. from the Persian Notes by Mirza
Ahmad Sohab and Mr. Howard MacNutt.
spiritual civilization become united, then we
will have the light and the glass together and
the outcome will be perfect. For material civi-
lization is like unto a beautiful body and spiri-
tual civilization is like unto the spirit of life.
If that great spirit of life enters this beautiful
body, the body will become a channel for the
distribution and development of the perfec-
tions of humanity.
His Holiness Iesus Christ came to teach
the people of the world this heavenly civili-
zation and not material civilization. He
breathed the breath of the Divine Spirit into
the body of the world and established an
illumined civilization. Among the principles
of Divine civilization He came to proclaim
is the "Most Great Peace" of mankind.
Among His principles of spiritual civilization
is the oneness of the kingdom of humanity.
Among the principles of heavenly civilization
He brought is the virtue of the human world.
Among the principles of celestial civilization
He announced is the improvement and better-
ment of human morals.
Today the world of humanity is in need
of international unity and conciliation. This
great foundation needs a propelling power to
spread these principles. It is self--evident that
unity of the human world and the "Most
Great Peace" cannot be accomplished through
material means. It cannot be established
through political power, for the political in-
terests of nations are various and the policies
of peoples are divergent and conflicting. It
cannot be founded through racial or patriotic
power, for these are human powers, selfish
and weak. The very nature of racial differ-
ences and patriotic prejudices prevent the
realization of this unity and agreement. There-
fore it is established that the promotion of
the oneness of the kingdom of humanity,
which is the essence of the teachings of the
Holy Manifestations of God, is impossible
except through the Power Spiritual and
breaths of the Holy Spirit. Other powers are
too weak and are incapable of accomplishing
this.
For man, two wings are necessary: One
wing is the physical power and material civili-
zation; the other is the spiritual power and
divine civilization. With one wing only flight
is impossible. Two wings are essential. There-
fore no matter how much material civilization

