STAR OF THE WEST 319
men of Azerbeyj an. This book he wrote in the
style of the doctors of theology, and in the
introduction is given an account of the contro-
versy in Samarkand between himself and D-r.
Marcard Assadorian, a Protestant teacher, in
a meeting held /by men -of learning.
In 1898, he wrote the b-ook of El-Famyed in
Persian, in compliance with the command of
Abdul-Baha. In this work, he answers the
objectio-ns of Sheikh-Abdus-Salam, entitled
Sheikh--El~Islam (a Mohammedan pontiff) of
Tifiis. The same year, he wrote the boo-k of
Dora?-ul-Babeyeh (The Pearls), in
'Arabic, in answer t-o Dr. Noor-Edin of India.
During the years 1901 and 1902, while so-
journing in America, Mirza Abul--Fazl wrote
th-e Hujaj-ul-Bah-eyyeh (The Bahai Proofs),
which was trans-lated into English by Ish't-e'a'1
Ebn-Kalanter, and published at that time. This
work is well known to the scholars and think-
ers of the Western world.
As late as December, 1911, he wrote a
scholarly answer to an opponent of the Bahai
Cause, known as Burhiine Liime (The Brilliant
Proof), which was published by The Center of
The Covenant, Abdul-Baha, while in America>>
His other epistles and pamphlets, which are
scattered in all parts, are too numerous for
mention in this article.

One of th-e theories originated by Mirza
Abul-Fazl was .the "Proof of Stability," in
demonstrating the Essence of the S-elf-existent
One. This is -one of the greatest and clearest
logical arguments for proving the Divine
validity of the religions and demonstrating the
Essence of the Almighty. By a single rational
proof, it demonstrates both the existence of
God and the truth of the true Prophets. He
first propounded this argument in the book of
Fassl--ul-Khemb, in 1892, and for the second
time, in the book of El-Farayed, in 1897.
He Was the first one of the Bahais who
demonstrated by rational and logical argu-
ments, that miracles are not" sufiicient to prove
the truth of the Manifestations of God. He
was the first one who clearly explained the
purpose of what was spoken by the Prophets,
in th-e Holy Scriptures, as to the "words being
sealed," to be opened at the "last days."* He
was also the first to explain that the great re-
ligions of the World which have changed and
governed the conditions -of society, are seven
in number; and that the "seven heavens" is a
term by which the Prophets have 
the Divine religions. Before Mirza Abul-Fazl
propounded his theory, the po-int was not under-
stood, for this number was not spoken of in
the Divine Books and Tab-lets, nor in historical
works.
He was the first one who demonstrated by
rational proofs, why the Pagan religions are
considered as polytheisrn, although they owe
their -origin to the Almighty, and acknowledge
one God. F-or if by worshipping images, peo-
ple are to be considered as polytheis-ts, the
Greek Church and Roman Catholics must also
be oonside-red such, while they are in reality,
the "people of the Book," and believers in Di-
vine Unity and true Religion.
Mirza Abuil-Fazl had a wonderful genius in
explaining subtle philosophical points, which
skill was his specialty. He h.imself thought that
he received this gift as a fulfillment of the
prayer which the Blessed Perfection 
made for him in a Tablet written to
Haji-Mohammed-Kazen -of Isfahan. It is as
follows beg of God to enable Fazl (Mirza
Abul-Fazl) to tea-ch His Truth, and to unweil
that which is hidden and t1'easm'ed in His
Knowledge, with wisdom and explanation.
erily He is the ighty, the 

declared: "Verily, We have
opened the seal of the 'seal-ed Wine.' 
MEMORIAL MEETING FOR MIRZA ABUL-FAZL
On Sunday night, February 1, the spacious
parlors of Mam-e. d'e Lagn-e1's apartment, were
quit-e filled with the Bahais of Washington,
D. C., who assemlbled in a meeting of Memorial
for Mirza Abul-Fazl. Many present had been
taught by this great soul. Iuh't>>e'a'1 Ebn-Ka1an-
te-r and Mme. Dreyfus-Barney were the speak-
ers o-f the evening. Brief add-resses were
also made by others who had know-n Mirza
Ab-ul-Fazl, including Mrs. F. J. Woodward.
Prayers were chanted by Ghodsea Asthraf and
by Ebn-Kalanter. The utmost spirit-
uallity and unity prevaile-d, and an undercurrent
of deep reverence pervaded th-e meeting.
On Wednesday night, February 4, at the
Was-hington Cons\ervato>ry of Music, the Me-
m-orial was continued The Chairman, Mr.
Wm. P. Rip.le|y, delivered an eloquent appre-
ciation, and others, including Mrs. Pauline A.
Hannen, Mars. Eleanor Sargent, Mir. Louis G.
Gregory and Mr. Hannen, gave tributes. So-me
present who are not yet 'believers were greatly
Impressed' Josrrn H. HANNEN.

