STAR OF THE WEST 285
The time of the meeting with your excellenoy and the memory of the
benediction of your presence, recurred to the memory of this servant
and I am longing for the time when I shall meet you again. Although
I have traveled through many countries and cities of Islam, yet have I
never met so lofty a character and so exalted a personage as your ex-
cellency and I can bear witness that it is not possible to find such
another. On this account, I am hoping that the ideals and accomplish-
ments of your excellency may be crowned with success and yield results
under all conditions; because behind these ideals and deeds I easily
discern the eternal welfare and prosperity of the world of humanity,
This servant, in order to gain first hand information and experience,
entered into the ranks of various religions; that is, outwardly I became
a Jew, Christian, Mohammedan and Zoroastrian. I discovered that the
devotees of these various religions do nothing else but hate and anathe- 
matize each other, that all these religions have become the instruments 
of tyranny and oppression in the hands. of rulers and governors and
that they are the causes of the destruction of the world of humanity. 
Considering these evil results, every person is forced by necessity
to enlist himself on the side of your excellency and accept with joy the
prospect of a fundamental basis for a universal religion of God being
laid through your efforts.
the self-sacrifice and noble courage of his son and I am lost in admira-
tion. 
For the principles and aims of your excellency I express the utmost i'
respect and devotion and if God, the Most High, confers long life, I
will be able to serve you under all conditions. I pray and supplicate
this from the depths of my heart.
Your servant,
VAMB ERY.
I have seen the father of your exce-llency from afar. I have realized 
ARMINIUS VAMBERY
Extracts from the Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, September 23, 1913
ROFESSOR letter he could pass for an Osmanli, and in 1862 he
to Abdul-Baha is published herewith--was
well known all over Europe on account of
his travels in the interior of Asia and his writ-
ings. He was born in Hungary, at the village
of Duna-Szerdahaly, in March, 1832; His father
was a Jew in' humble circumstances. He was
apprenticed at the age of twelve to a dress-
maker, but having acquired some book learn-
ing, he presently became tutor to a p_ub1ican's
son. By enduring much privation, he had, by
the time he was sixteen, mastered several other
languages, beside Latin. Four years later he
went to Constantinople, where he was engaged
as a tutor by Hossein-el-Dein Pasha. In 1858
he brought out a German-Turkish dictionary.
He had now lived so long in the East that
started on his long and arduous journey to
Central Asia. He distinguished himself as a
ciervish, assuming this disguise at Teheran,
with a knowledge of the Persian and Turkish
and with careful practice not only of the cus-
toms of Drientals generally, but also of the
Ways of the dervishes, the mendicant friars of
Islam. He made his way to Khive, where he
was granted two audiences by the Khan. The
Amir (Prince) of Bokhara heard suspicious
stories of the traveler, but having seen Rashid
Efiendi, as Vambery called himself, to be a good
Moslem and all that he professed to be, dis-
missed him with handsome presents.
On his return to Europe, Vambery paid a
visit to England, Where he met with a recep-

