STAR OF THE WEST 57
humanity. Therefore a power is needed to
prevent war and to proclaim and establish the
oneness of humanity.
But knowledge of the need of this power is
not sufficient. Rea.lizing that wealth is desir-
able is not becoming wealthy. The admission
that scientific attainment is praiseworthy does
not confer scientific knowledge. Acknowledge-
ment of the excellence of honor does not make
a man honorable. Knowledge of human con-
ditions and the needed remedy for them is not
the cause of their betterment. To admit that
health is good does not constitute health. A
skilled physician is needed to remedy existing
human conditions. As a physician is required
to have complete knowledge of pathology and
diagnosis, of therapeutics and treatment, so
this world physician must be wise, skillful and
capable before health will result. His mere
knowledge is not health; it must be applied and
the remedy carried out.
The attainment of any object is conditioned
upon:
First--Knowledge.
Second--Volition.

Unless these three conditions are forthcom-
ing, there is no execution or accomplishment.
In the erection of a house it is first necessary
to know the ground and design the house
suitable for it; second, to obtain the means
or wealth necessary for the construction; third.
to actually build it. Therefore it is evident
that a power is needed to carry out and ex-
ecute what is known and admitted to be the
remedy for human conditions; namely, the
unification of mankind. Furthermore, it is
evident that this cannot be realized through
material process and means. The accomplish-
ment of this unification cannot be through ra-
cial power for races are different and diverse
in tendencies. It cannot be through a patriotic
power for nationalities are unlike. Nor can
it be effected through political power since the
policies of governments and nations are various.
That is to say, any effort toward unification
through these material means would benefit
one and injure another because of unequal and
individual interests. Some may believe this
great remedy can be found in dogmatic insist-
ence upon imitations and interpretations. No!
this would be without foundation and result.
Therefore it is evident that no means but an
ideal means, a Spiritual Power, Divine Be-
stowals, and the breaths of the Holy Spirit
will heal this world sickness of war, dissension
and discord. Nothing else is possible; nothing
can be conceived of. But through Spiritual
means and the Divine Power it is possible and
feasible.
Consider history. \/Vhat has brought unity
to nations, morality to peoples and benefits to
mankind? If we reflect upon it We will find
that establishing the Divine Religions has been
the greatest means toward accomplishing the
oneness of humanity. The foundation of Divine
Reality in Religion has done this; not imita-
tions. Imitations are opposed to each other
and have ever been the cause of strife, enmity,
jealousy and war. The Divine Religions are
collective centers in which diverse standpoints
may meet, agree and unify. They accomplish
oneness of nativities, races and policies. For
instance, His Holiness Christ united various
nations, brought peace to warring peoples and
established the oneness of human kind. The
conquering Greeks and Romans, the prejudiced
Egyptians and Assyrians were all in a condi-
tion of strife, enmity and war, but His Holiness
gathered these varied peoples together and re-
moved the foundations of discord; not through
racial, patriotic or political power, but through
Divine Power, the Power of the Holy Spirit.
This was not otherwise possible. All other
efforts of men and nations remain as mere
mention in history-without accomplishment.
As this great result is contingent upon Di-
vine' Power and Bestowals, where shall the
world obtain that Power? God is eternal and
ancient; not a new God. His Sovereignty is
of old, not recent; not merely existent these
five or six thousand years. This infinite uni-
verse is from everlasting. The Sovereignty,
Power, Names and Attributes of God are
eternal, ancient. His Names presuppose crea-
tion and predicate His Existence and Will. We
say God is Creator. This name Creator ap-
pears when we connote creation. We say God
is the Provider. This Name presupposes and
proves the existence of the provided. God is
Love. This Name proves the existence of the
beloved. In the same way God is Mercy, God
is Justice, God is Life, etc., etc. Therefore as
God is Creator, Eternal and Ancient, there
were always creatures and subjects existing and
provided for. There is no doubt that Divine
Sovereignty is eternal. Sovereignty necessi-
tates subjects, ministers, trustees and others
subordinate to sovereignty. Could there be a
king without country, subjects and armies? If
we conceive of a time when there were no
creatures, no servants, no subjects of Divine
Lordship we dethrone God and predicate a
time when God was not. It would be as if He

