STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all meh as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IV Sharaf 1, 69 (December 31, 1913) No. 16
THE NEW FOLLOW THE 
6
A presentation of The Covenant of God" as the only Source of Divine Knowledge to mankind,
and the necessity of turning to the "Point" of its Manifestation in this New Day."
BY CHARLES MASON REMEY.
CONTACTING with the Bahais in va-
I rious parts of the country, one realizes that
there is a point which the friends must
understand thoroughly themselves before they
can really teach the Cause, confirm others
in the faith and bring them to the realiza-
tion of the New Covenant, and its Center who
is now upon earth in the person of Abdul-
Baha. This point is: that the Bahai Cause is
The Covenant of God, not merely one of many
phases of Universal Truth (as some say), but
that The Covenant of ABHA is The 
only Living Truth today!

Another point is regarding the "Oneness and
the Singleness" of God. For years our teach-
ers have been proclaiming and explaining that
part of the teaching concerning the Oneness
of God's Revelation to mankind and with evi-
dent and good results, too, for it attracts souls
and confirms them in the truth of their own
past religion, whichever it may be. The truth
of the Divine inspiration of each and all of the
Holy Messengers, the founders of the world's
religions, is most acceptable to the minds of
men, for through the light of the teachings of
people are now seeing all of the
Divine Revelations of the past to be as parts
in the foundation of the one great spiritual
whole, the completed structure which they now
find realized in this, the latest and greatest
of G0d's Revelations to the world--the Bahai
Revelation.
When one sees the foundation of a house
being laid, the functions of its various parts
are not apparent; but when the superstructure
is completed and one sees the entire building
as designed by the architect, then he under-
stands that each part of the foundation has
a relation with every other part of the edifice,
each being an organic, or necessary, part of the
whole. So it is with religion. One can only
understand the Revelations of the past, and
their relation one with another, as he comes
into the knowledge of The Bahai Revelation,
for in the Bahai Cause all past religions are
explained and completed. One sees that all
Revelations come from one source--which is
"The Word of God"; all are parts of the One
Great Cause of God, established down through
the ages in the hearts of men, the present-
day Bahai Revelation being the completion of
the plan of the Great Divine Architect, for
the Spiritual Unity, quickening and solidarity
of all Kingdom of God upon
earth.
Thus, briefly, do we understand the Oneness
of God's Truth.
Now there is the second part of the teaching
in question, namely: The .S'ingZeness of God.
This phase we are now realizing and under-
standing to a greater degree than ever before,
through the spiritual awakening caused by the
presence in our midst of The Center of The
Covenant, Abdul-Baha, during his recent trav-
els in America.
We understand that the Manifestation of
the "Word of God" to the world (through
which, and through which only, man becomes
spiritually quickened and knows God) is One
Spirit and is ever single in its manifestations to
humanity. That is to say: That the one
"Word of is not a creation of
God, but an emanation from His Infinitude--
manifests successively and singly through the
various chosen prophets or Divine Mouthpieces
se11t to the people of the world.
Thus the "Word of God" in its Singleness
manifested through Abraham, Moses, Jesus,
Mohammed, the "first point" of the
new cycle--and 
And now the fruit and the Power of the
Spirit of the Word of God, as revealed in

