STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, 111., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post ofiice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3.1879.
Editorial Stafi: ALBERT R. WIN GERTRUDE BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
IQ: 7. --
TERMS $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS P, 0. Box 283. Chicago, 111,. U, S. A.
To personal checks please add sulficient to cover the bank exchange.
i -V T7 7' 7 
Address all communications to BAHAI SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
I 7 7 i 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS con! 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend 1111011 firmness, fi1'mM8-9.
firmness!
(Signed) Asnut-Bans Arms.
Vol. IV Sharaf 1, 69 (December 31, 1913) No. 16
THE IN AMERICA: FUNDS IN HAND TO MEET
REMAINING INDEBTEDNESS ON SITE.
"The Mashrak-el-Azkar at Chicago is of the
greatest This is a Bahai Temple,
a siipreme House of Worship, a place of spirit-
ual gathering arid of the manifestation of Di-
vine Mysteries. The friends of God must eh-
deavor with all their hearts aria? souls that this
Striictiire may be raised and 
Abdul-Baha,

SHOULD be a matter of great happiness
I to all Bahais that the funds to meet the
remaining indebtedness 011 the site for the
first Mashrak-el-Azkar in the Western world,
are in hand.
The significance of this event cannot be
realized at this time.
This site includes not only the large tact
but also the strip of land on the lake shore,
which gives to the whole a fine perspective
from the lake as well as the desired outlook
from the land.
T-he total expenditure for this site has been:
Main tract . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Lake shore tract  . . . . . . . . .
.. 17,000
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. .$5l,500
There is remaining in the treasury after the
last payment and interest, $978.70 toward the
building fund.
Abdul-Baha says (see page 208, issue No.
12, Vol. IV, STAR or THE WEST) that the sum
of two or three hundred thousand dollars
should be raised in order to begin building
op-erations.
What a priceless piece of ground is this
site, dedicated by the hands of "The Orb of
The Covenant," and blessed by his holy feet!
This is a blessing whose worth will unfold
more and more, as the world comes into the
knowledge of the station of Abdul-Baha.
BAI-IAI TEMPLE UNITY,
Corinne True, 
- 
MODERN SOCIAL 
A new book by Mr. Horace Holley
R. Horace Holley, a Bahai no-W located
at Paris, has Written and recently pub-
lished a book pertaining to the Bahai
Movement, entitled The oderii Social Relig-
-ioii. Mr. Holley Will be remembered by the
Bahais as the author of the pamphlet, With
Abdul-Baha in Th01i0ri--a delightful contribu-
tion to the ever increasing Bahai literature
printed in English.
The publishers--Messrs. Sidgwick Jack-
son, Ltd., 3 Adam Street, Adelphi, London,
W. C.--say that Mr, Holley shows it fills
[Continued on page 274]

