36 STAR OF
sciences of the West, and in turn the West-
ern nations will become familiar with the
thoughts and ideas of the East, thereby im-
proving the condition of both. In short, with
the establishment of this International Lan-
guage. the world of mankind will become an-
THE WEST
other world and extraordinary will be the
progress. It is our hope, then, that the lan-
guage Esperanto will soon spread throughout
the whole world, in order that all people may
be able to live together in the spirit of friend-
ship and love.
ADDRESS DELIVERED IN PARIS
From Persian notes; translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
BDUL-BAHA addressed the Paris
A Esperanto group February 12th, at a
banquet which was tended him at the
Hotel Modern, in that city. M. Bourlet,
President of the Paris Esperanto Society, in-
troduced Abdul-Baha briefly, stating that one
of the revealed principles of this great Peace
Prophet's World religion was the establish-
ment of a universal language.
There was a deep silence as Abdul-Baha
rose majestically. His remarks were punctu-
ated by cheers and applause as he walked up
and down the banquet hall, stopping to em-
phasize with frequent gesture. He spoke in
Persian, M. Hippolyte Dreyfus-Barney of Paris
interpreting into French. Here and there one
noted that the French translation was under-
going still further interpretation by Esperant-
ists who had neighbors that did not under-
stand French but knew Esperanto: the occa-
sion itself offering a noteworthy argument for
the great necessity of a universal tongue.
ADDRESS BY ABDUL-BAI-IA.
In the material world of existence, human
undertakings are divided into two kinds--uni-
versal and specific. The result of every uni-
versal effort is infinite and the outcome of
every specific effort is finite.
In this age, those human problems which
create a general interest are universal; their
results are likewise universal, for humanity
has become interdependent. The international
laws of today are of vast importance since
international politics are bringing nations
nearer to one another. It is a general axiom
that in the world of human endeavor, every
universal affair commands attention and its
results and benefits are limitless. Therefore
let us say that every universal cause is divine
and every specific matter is human. The
universal light for this planet is from the sun
and the special light here tonight, which is
electric, illumines this banquet hall through
the invention of man. In like manner the
activities which are trying to establish solidar-
ity between the nations and infuse the spirit
of universalism in the hearts of the children
of men are like unto divine rays from the
Sun of Reality, and the brightest ray is the
coming of the universal language. Its achieve-
ment is the greatest virtue of the age, for
such an instrument will remove misunder-
standings from among the peoples of the
earth and will cement their hearts together.
This medium will enable each individual mem-
ber of the human family to be informed of
the scientific accomplishments of all his fel-
lowmen.
The basis of knowledge and the excellencies
of endeavor in this world are to teach and
to be taught. To acquire sciences and to teach
them in turn depends upon language and when
the international auxiliary language becomes
universal, it is easily conceivable that the
acquirement of knowledge and instruction will
likewise become universal.
No doubt you are aware that in the past
ages a common language shared by various
nations created a spirit of solidarity among
them. For instance, 1,300 years ago, there
were many divergent nationalities in the
Orient. There were Copts in Egypt, Syrians
in Syria, Assyrians and Babylonians in Bag-
dad and along the River Mesapotarnia. There
existed among these peoples rank hatred, but
as they were gradually brought nearer through
common protection and common interests, the
Arabic language grew to be the means of
intercommunication, and they became as one
nation. They all speak the Arabic language
to this day. In Syria if you ask any one of
them he will say, am an Arab," though in
reality he is not--some are Greeks, others
Jews, etc.
We say "This man is a German, the other
an Italian, a Frenchman, an Englishman," etc.
All belong to the great human family, yet
language is the barrier between them. The
greatest working basis for bringing about
unity and harmony among the nations is the
teaching of a universal tongue. Writing on
this subject, 50 years ago, His Holiness BAHA-
said that complete union between the
various sections of the world would be an un-
realized dream as long as an international
language was not established.

