STAR OF THE WEST 287
amongst the Jews, but they were all 
but St. Paul became heavenly because he could
fly upwards. In his own time no one duly
recognized him; nay, rather, he spent his days
amidst difiiculties and contempt. Afterwards
it became known that he was no-t an 
bird, he was a celestial one; he was not a
and co-partner in the perfection of the King~
dom." (Signed) ABDUL--BAI-IA Aanas.

Also the following extracts from an article,
"Is Christianity the Final Religion?" by Pro-
fessor Cheyne, published in The Christian
To Abdul-Baha,
My Beloved Friend and Guide.'

I -cannot forget your tender embrace when you were with me in my study
Oxford, Oct. 23, I913.
in the dear old house (which we have since left). It has been a constant
source of strength in memory and I fully believe it was by the will of God.
There was no n'eed for me to be "converted," because I already lived by the
truths which you are always insisting on. What I wanted, and what you gave,
was the example of a life yours was) devoted entirely to the Truth, and the
sense of brotherly love, to which I may fitly add the cwtraordinary life of

Love is the secret of the universe, and in love I aspire to live. You help
me constantly.
I thank you also, with all my heart, for empowering the admirable Mirza
Ali Akbar to help me in my search for Truth. He has been, and is, of great
service to me and I shall express my gratitude to him both in private and
in public.
It is a great pleasure to have I-Iashmatullah so near.
My state of health does not allow me to go into "society," but I do see
a few friends from time to time.
I fear that university circles are not likely to be open-minded enough
to receive the message of Bahaism. But who would have expected a Saul to
become a Paul?
St. Paul's teaching appeals to me by its "mysticism." He too had a
"thorn in the flesh," but he heard a voice saying, strength is made per-
fect in weakness."
I trust--rather, I your inward strength remains undinu'nished.
But you have worked, our Brother, the body 1/ery hard of late!
I/Vith reverential love in in which my dear wife joins, I am,
beloved Friend and Guide,
(Signed) (Ruhani) F. K. CI-IEYNE.
P. read with much sympathy your prayer for Thornton hose, and
from time to time I turn to the volume of American Tablets. You have
indeed, like St. Paul, "the care of all the churches." May you be helped
with that -same help which you are empowered to convey to others!
The above letter from Professor Cheyne was sent by "The Center of The Covenant" for
reproduction in the STAR OF THE (Editors.
natural philosopher, but "a divine philosopher.
"It is likewise my hope that in the future the
East and the West may become conscious that
thou wert a divine philosopher and a herald to
the Kingdom. . . . Thy respected wife in
reality deserves the utmost consideration. . . .
Praise be to God that she is also thy co-worker
Commonwealth, may be of interest at this time.
The italics are ours:
CHRISTIANITY THE FINAL
RELIGION 
"Christianity is _not, and does not--according
to the best apolog1sts--clain1 to be the final re-
[C0ntinued on page 290]

