STAR OF THE WEST 191
is the quickening shower. In relation to the
spiritual growth of the trees, it is the vernal
breeze; and in relation to the recovery of the
diseased body politic, it is a quick acting
remedy, because it is the cause of the oneness
of the world of humanity. It is love among
all mankind. It is a bond which unites all the
religions. It is the unity which welds together
all the races. It is the connection between all
the countries. It is universal peace among the
nations. It is universal peace among all the
peoples. It is the universal peace which will
bring together all nativities. And undoubtedly
it is the spirit of the world. It is the light of
the world. Likewise, it is an impetus to the
promulgation of knowledge, and it is the cause
of agreement of religion with science and
reason.
All the nations of the world today are sub-
ject to certain superstitions which animate
them along the line of prejudice, hatred and
rancor. These superstitions are the cause of
Warfare and battle. For blind imitations of
religion are ever various and unreal; but the
teachings of are reality itself,
and reality is the fundamental basis of all the
divine religions. Hence these teachings are
the very cause of uniting all humanity. They
are the cause of love among the hearts of men,
for they are reality.
The teachings of are likewise
concerned with good conduct, and good con-
duct is the greatest effulgence of the All-
Glorious.
Unless ethics be improved, the world of
humanity will be incapable of true advance-
ment. Real advancement is dependent upon
the world of humanity becoming a center of
divine morals, becoming a place of the ei'ful-
gences of the Merciful, becoming a mirror
reflecting the bestowals of God. Thereby the
World of humanity will become the image and
likeness of God. Until these virtues reveal
themselves in the world of humanity, real
progress and advancement will not be possible.
His Holiness addressing all
mankind, says: are all the leaves of one
tree and the fruits of one branch." This sig-
nifies that the world of humanity is represent-
ative of one tree, and all mankind representa-
tive of its leaves, its blossoms and its fruits.
Therefore, all the inhabitants of the earth have
grown through their attachment to this tree
and all are reared and nurtured through the
shower of divine mercy. It is self-evident that
this teaching is the very spirit of this age. It
is life-giving, because through love it animates
the people, and it casts alienation utterly aside.
It brings all into friendship and unity.
Among the teachings of is one
requiring man, under all conditions and cir-
cumstances, to be forgiving, to love his enemy
and to consider an ill-wisher as a Well--wisher.
Not that he should consider one as being an
enemy and than put up with him, or to simply
endure him, or to consider one as inimical and
be forbearing toward him. This is declared to
be liypocrisy. This lone is not real. Nay,
rather, you must see your enemies as friends,
ill-wishers as well-wishers and treat them ac-
cordingly. That is to say, your loveand kind-
ness niust be real. Your well-wishing must be
reality, not merely forbearance, for forbear-
ance, if not of the heart, is hypocrisy. The
people of Reality* will not accept it.
Among the teachings of is one
on sacrifice. Man must arrive at the point of
sacrifice; and the station of sacrifice is that of
complete is, his possessions, his
comforts, even his life must be sacrificed for
humanity. Until man arrives at such a 'sta-
tion, he is deprived of the effulgences of God
and from the bestowals of the Merciful, and
from the breaths of the Holy Spirit, which, in
this radiant century, have become apparent and
resplendent.
And among the teachings of is
one relative to the fact that God has created
man to yield some fruit from his being, or
existence, an eternal fruit, an everlasting re-
sult. If the world of humanity be confined to
the short space of material life here, if man
should devote his energies to temporary re-
sults--for the life of this world is short, the
blessings of this world are temporary, the vir-
tures of the world of nature are temporary,
the happiness of the world of nature is tem-
porary--this cannot be called fruitage, because
it is temporary and hence useless. Nay, rather,
man. must be a blessed tree bearing eternal
fruits. Thus everlasting spirituality may be
his.
The real fruit of the human tree is ever-
lasting, and that is the lone for God, that is
the knowledge of God, that is service to the
world of hmnan-ity, that is kindness to all
mankind, and that is endeavoring and striving
for the material and spiritual_or "?deal--de-
velopmenzf of the world of man. This is the
the people of God.
[Continued on page 194]

