STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By NEWS SERVICE 515 'South Dearborn Street Chicago, Ill. U.S.A.
9 9
Entered as second-class matter April 9. 1911. at the post office at Chicago. Illinois. under the Act of March 3.1879.
Editorial Staff: ALBERT R. WINDUST 4 GERTRUDE. BUIKEMA -- DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Tsiuvis: $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Nor?-- Until further "notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHA1 NEWS SERVICE, P. 0. Box 283, Chicago. Ill.. U. S. A.
To penonal check: please acid mflicient to cover the bani: exchange.
Address all communicatibns to BAHA1 NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Vol. IV I Chicago {October 16, 1913') Elm  No.l12
THE MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR IN AMERICA: ANNOUNCEMENT.
HE financial secretary is glad to announce
that there is on hand $1,665.99, with a
promise of $1,000 from a friend, making
$2,665.99 toward the final payment of $6,000.
A cement sidewalk is now under construction
in Linden. Avenue, in compliance with instruc-
tions received from the Village of 'Wilmette.
The cost will be about $300.
The following is an extract from a Tablet to
Mrs. ,Maxwell,'of Montreal, translated June I8,
I913:
than daughter of the Kingdom!
As to the matter of the -building of the
Mashrek-el-Azkar, that is, the matter of be-
ginning the building thereof: An important
(or considerable)' sum of money must de-
cidedly be prepared in order that work may be
begun; that is, at least two or three hundred
thousand dollars must.be ready. And, -most
ass-uredly, if it be built in the Days of the
Qovenant, it will be more joyful and more
heart-rejoicing; but this is difficult.
Now be ye engaged in collecting contribu-
tions.
(Signed) A-BDUL--BAI--IA ABBAS.
[The above is an extract from a Tablet written
in Abdul-Baha's own hand and translated and re-
eeiveil by an Kuli Khan on June 1s, 1913.]
CORINNE TRUE. Financial Secretary,
 
LOFTY SUBIMIT OF UNCHANGING 
Words of Abdul-Baha to Lua Getsinger, Ramleh, Egypt, August l9 1913 .
From the Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab.
THOU must be firm and unshakable in thy
purpose; and never, never let any outward
circumstances worry thee. I am sending
thee to India to accomplish certain definite re-
sults. Thou must enter that country with a
never-failing spirituality, a radiant faith, an
eternal enthusiasm, an inextinguishable fire, a
solid conviction, in order that thou mayest
achieve those services for which I am sending
thee. Let not thy heart be troubled. If thou
goest away with this unchanging condition of
invariability of inner state, thou~shalt see the
doors of confirmation open before thy face,
thy life will be a crown of heavenly roses, and
thou shalt 'find thyself in the highest station of
triumph.
Strive day and night to attain to this ex-
alted state. 'I.ook at me! Thou dost not
know a thousandth part of "the difficulties and
seemingly unsurrnountable passes that rise daily
before my eyes. I do not heed them; I am
walking in my chosen highway; I know the
destination. Hundreds of storms and ternpests
may rage furiously around my head; hundreds
of Ttiionics may sink to the bottom of the
sea,-the mad waves may rise to the roof of
heaven; all these will not change my pur-
pose, will not disturb me in the least; I will
not look either to the right or to the left; I
am looking ahead, far, far. Piercing through
the impenetrable darkness of the night, the
howling winds, the raging storms, I see the
glorious Light beckoning me forward, forward.
The bal-my weather is coming, and the voyager
shall land safely.
Kurat-et-Ayn had attained to this supreme
state. When they brought her the terrible
news of the of the Bahais, she did
not waver; it did not make any difference to
her; she also had chosen her path, she knew
her goal, and when they imparted to her the
news of her impending death, no one could
[Continued on page 210]

