STAR OF THE WEST 193
THE MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR IN AMERICA: SUGGESTIONS.
the glorious ode "To The Center of the
I CoVenant,"' published in this issue of the
STAR or THE is declared that one of
the mighty deeds of Abdul-Baha is that of
"Builder of the Temple oi the LoRn."
He has already accomplished its erection in
the East--we refer to the Mashrak--el--Azkar
in Ishkabad, it is evident "to those
who can bear the knowledge" that he will ac-
complish its erection in the West--upon the
spot shown in the illustration, situated at Chi-
cago, U. S. A.
Abdul-Baha has expressed the wish that the
 re 
-@111
9
I


Abdul-Baha declares: "These Great Days
are swiftly passing; and once gone they can
never be recalled." THE 

LETTER FROM MONTREAL.
36 St. Mark Street, Montreal, Canada.
Sept. 13th, T913.
To the STAR or THE 
Dear friends in El-Baha-:--Our delegate to
the Convention held at New York has given
his report to the Montreal friends. After dis-
cussing that part of it relating to raising money
for building the Mashral<--el-Azkar, the Assem-


Photograph of tent erected on the site of the Mashralr-el-Azlcar at Chicago, Ma 2, l909, in which was celebrated the Feast of
Rizwan. This celebration was held in response to the wish of Abdul-Baha. An denotes Mr. Thornton Chase, who conducted the
services. ll was the climax of his years of service to the Cause in Chicago. ln his address he referred to the tent as the first itep in the
evolution of the Temple of Worship in the plan of God for His chosen people-the Tabernacle of the lsraelites in the wilderness.
building shall not be undertaken until the land
is paid for. If the suggestions in the following
letter from Montreal, Canada, should be carried
out the remaining 
would be cleared in five weeks.
It is privilege and a unique opportunity to
contribute toward the purchase of the land 011
which is to stand the first Mashrak-el--Azkar in
the Western hemisphere, and we trust that every
reader of the STAR or THE WEST who has not
contributed will do so while there is yet oppor-
tunity.
The minimum of that opportunity can be as
great as the "widow's mite"; and the maximum
--0nly $6,000.00.
bly agreed to hold itself responsible for a
minimum contribution of one dollar 
per month from each of its members, at the
same time leaving every member free to give
such an amount as he or she may be able to
afford.
It is expressly understood that any member
unable to contribute $1.00 a month shall give
any sum however small, and that the larger
contributions of other members will cover (or
exceed) the average of the assembly
as a Whole.
The Treasurer of the assembly receives the
contributions confidentially and forwards the
total amount collected to Mrs. Corinne True
on the nineteenth of every month.
Should this meet with the approval of other
assemblies, and should they wish to co~operate

