STAR OF THE WEST 85
iams and Miss Rossi-Diehl as soloists, ren-
dered most impressively waited for the
Lord," the other parts being taken by Miss
Garbarden, Miss Harriet Magee, Mr. Kinney
and Mr. Albert Ciceareli. This closed the ex-
ercises of the afternoon.
Sunday evening the friends were bidden to a
feast at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Edward
B. Kinney, at 6:30. A wonderful gathering
was there assembled, and when it is recorded
that more than two hundred were seated at
the tables, not half of the story will have been
told. The matchless and gracious hospitality
of the hosts, the joy and spirituality of the
guests, and the bounty represented by the re-
past were memorable! And then the charming
friends who served made a picturesque setting,
creating a divine harmony in a home devoted
to this particular subject. The feast was served
i11 courses, the principal one being a genuine
Persian pilau of lamb and rice. Truly a stu-
pendous undertaking, its complete success
showed the power of the Spirit and the super-
lative quality of hospitality!
At the commencement of the feast, Mrs.
George Lesch, of Chicago, read a prayer. Miss
Mary Lesch, one of the Chicago delegates,
read some of the words, and Mr. William H.
Hoar read from the Ighan. Mr. Alfred H.
Lunt read an article from a London magazine,
including an address by Abdul-Baha.
After the feast had been concluded, Mrs.
True, by request, spoke on the subject of the
Mashrak--el-Azkar, giving historical facts. Mr.
Joseph H. Hannen, of Washington, was called
upon to describe Abdul-Baha's visit to the
Mashrak-el-Azlcar site in May, I912. Mrs.
Annie L. Parmerton, of Cincinnati, read a
Tablet about the Mashrak-el-Azl<ar and a poem
by Tay-ere Khanoum.
An announcement was made concerning a
fund to purchase a vase for the Tomb of
on behalf of the American
friends, to the effect that the fund was in the
hands of Mrs. Kinney, and all who desired
might send or hand their contributions to her.
Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi closed the meeting with
a chant in Persian, and thus closed a perfect
Bahai feast, something possible only in this
day and through the power of the Center of
the Covenant.
Monday evening at 8 0'clock, the friends
were bidden to a reception at the home of
Mrs. Alexander C. Morten, I41 East Twenty-
first street. At the appointed hour the par-
lors of this delightful residence were filled, and
after a social hour the friends were asked to
proceed to the upper floor, a charming studio
in which were exhibited the motion pictures of
Abdul-Baha, taken in New York (Brooklyn)
during the summer of I912. These were shown
by Mr. John George Grundy, with a descrip-
tive talk, and proved to be wonderfully life-
like, recalling to the many present who had
seen him the actual presence of the Servant of
God. Downstairs, before and during the pic-
ture exhibitions, a record of Abdul-Baha's
voice was heard, and- thus the wonders of the
Twentieth Century were demonstrated in this
matchless manner and a new era was inaugu-
rated in worship and praise.
The very large attendance made a second ex-
hibition necessary; meanwhile refreshments
were passed and i11 delightful concourse the
hours passed swiftly until another beautiful
day had closed. To the hostess of the evening
all praise is due, and her reading of the Hid-
den W0?'ds at the commencement of the eve-
ning was most effective.
-The closing and public session of the con-
vention was held in the French Ionic Room of
the Masonic Temple Tuesday evening. April
29, at 8 o'clock. Mr. Hall occupied the chair,
and the music was under the direction of Mr.
Kinney, to whose untiring efforts the harmony
of the convention was largely due.
A song, "His Glorious Sun Hath Risen,"
was followed by an interval of silent prayer.
Mrs. Harlan Ober then read a prayer. A solo,
"These Are They" (Gaull. was splendidly ren-
dered by Miss Rossi-Diehl. The chairman,
Mr. Hall, then delivered a characteristic ad-
dress, most impressively moving the audience,
who followed him closely and were both
pleased and edified with his words of wisdom.
Mr. Alfred H. Lunt, of Boston, followed
with an earnest address whose logic was ir-
resistible. He was followed by Mr. Bernard
M. Iacobsen, described by the chairman, as the
"Evangelist of the Cause in America." Proofs,
scriptural and logical, poured from the lips
of this earnest speaker, who made his case
invincible.
A tenor solo by Mr. Frederick Vettel,
"Watchman, \/Vhat of the Night" (Mendels-
sohn), was enthusiastically encored. The
chairman then announced his great pleasure in
presenting one of the "Children of the Night"
who had become a wonderful light, and Mr.
Louis G. Gregory, of Washington, addressed
the assemblage in his usual earnest, power-
ful and effective manner.
A duet "Love Divine" by Miss Rossi-Diehl
and Mr. Vettel, was followed by an address

