FROM THE TABLET OF THE BRANCH.
REVEALED BY HA H.
Say: Verily the Ocean of Pre-existence hath branched forth from this Most Great
Ocean. Blessed, therefore, is he who abides upon its sho-res (THE BRANCH), and is of
those who are established thereon. Verily this Most Sacred Temple of 
BRANCH OF branched forth from the Sadrat-el-Muntaha; Blessed is
whosoever has sought shelter beneath it'* and is of those who rest therein!
Say: verily the BRANCH OF COMMAND hath sprung forth from this ROOT which
GOD hath firmly planted in the ground of the Will, the LIMB of which hath been ele--
vated to a station which encompass-es all existence. Therefore, exalted be He for this
Creation, the Lofty, the Blessed, the Inaccessible, the Mighty!
ye people! draw nigh unto it and taste the fruits of its Knowledge and Wisdom
on the part of the Mighty, the Knowing One. Whosoever will no-t taste thereof shall be
deprived of the Bounty, even though he hath partaken of all that is in the 
ye of those who know,
Say: Verily a Word hath gone forth in favor from the Most Great Tablet and GOD
hath adorned it with the Mantle of Himself and made it Sovereign over all in the earth
and a Sign of His Grandeur and Om-nipotence among the creatures; in order that, through
it, the people shall praise their Lord the Mighty, the Powerful, the Wise; and that,
through it, they shall glorify their Creator and sanctify the Self of GOD which standeth
within all things. Verily this is naught but a Revelation upon the part of the Wise, the
Ancient One! Say: people, praise ye GO-D for its Manifestation (THE BRANCH),
for verily it (THE BRANCH) is the Most Great Favorupon you and the Most Perfect
Blessing upon you; and through him every mouldering bone is quickened. Whosoever
turns to him hath surely turned unto GOD and whosoever turneth away from him hath
turned away from My Beauty, denied My Proof and is of those who transgress. Verily,
he is the Remembrance of GO-D amongst you and His Trust within you and His Mani--
festation unto you and His Appearance among the servants who are nigh. Thus have
I been commanded to convey to you the Message of GO-D, your Creator; and I have
delivered to you that of which I was commanded. Whereupon, thereunto testifieth GO-D,
then His Angels, then His Messengers, and then His Holy Servants.
Inhale the fragrances of the Rizwan from his roses. and be not of those who are
deprived. Appreciate the Bounty upon you and be not veiled therefrom--and
verily We have sent him forth in the temple of man. Thus praise ye the Lord, the
Originator of whatsoever He willeth through His wise and inviolable command!
Verily those who withhold themselves from the Shelter of TI-IE. BRANCH are indeed
lost in the wilderness of perplexity,--and are consumed by the heat of 
are of those who perish.
Hasten, people, unto the Shelter of GOD, in order that He may protect you from
the heat of the Day whereon none shall find for himself any refuge or shelter except
beneath the Shelter of His Name, the Clement, the Forgiving. Clothe yourselves, 
people, with the Garment of Assurance, in order that He may protect you from the dart
of doubts and superstitions, and that ye may be of those who are assured in those days
wherein none shall ever be assured and none shall be firmly established in the Cause
except by severing himself from all that is possessed by the people and turning unto the
Holy and Radiant Outlook.
*TIze Branch referred to in this Tablet as 

