STAR OF THE WEST 69
phy and science must go hand in hand with
the spiritual civilization. The material civil-
ization is like the body; the spiritual civ-
ilization is like the spirit which is the
life to the body. So long as the spirit
gives life to the body, we behold a living thing,
but a body without spirit is dead. It is my
desire that ye all may reach the state of spir-
itual civilization. Like as ye have made great
progress in material science, so may ye also
progress in the spiritual world. Then the
light of the Kingdom of God Will shine
through all the world. May the Sun of
Reality illumine the East and the West."
Many meetings were held on April 5th.
Abdul-Baha was the guest of the Esperanto As-
sociation. The president, Professor Christaller,
welcomed him in appropriate words, in reply
to which Abdul-Baha then addressed the gath-
ering.
On Sunday, April 6th, Abdul-Baha addressed
a large gathering at the Hotel Marquardt. In
the afternoon the friends met in the garden
of Consul Schwarz, where Abdul-Baha con-
sented to be photographed with those present.
arranged the group himself. Then he
had flowers distributed in order that each
might have one. When he went into the auto-
mobile of Consul Schwarz, he was surrounded
by the friends. The children came to him and
presented flowers. It was a beautiful picture,
with the children around the car.
In the evening a large meeting was held in
the hall of the Upper Museum. Miss A. S.
Knobloch said a prayer, Miss Staebler sang and
then Consul Schwarz introduced Abdul-Baha
in an eloquent speech, which we hope to have
translated in the near future. Abdul-Baha
then addressed those present. Wlieii he had
concluded he passed through the hall and shook
hands with each one. From the hall Abdul-
Baha went to the home of Miss Doering.
On the 7th he visited the springs at Mergen-
theim with Consul Schwarz, and on the 8th
departed for Budapest.
OPENING OF FIFTH ANNUAL CONVENTION OF BAHAIS IN AMERICA
I-IE fifth annual Convention of the Bahai
Temple Unity was opened with a break-
fast given at the home of Mrs. Florian
Krug, 830 Park Ave., New York, Saturday,
April 26th, at 12:00 o'clock noon, to the Ex-
ecutive Board of the Bahai Temple Unity of
nine members, and the sixteen members of
the New York Committee of Arrangements.
Twenty-five of those invited sat around a
long, beautifully appointed table, decorated
with three low mounds of gorgeous pink
roses, interspersed with vases of sweet peas,
while asparagus vines trailed gracefully over
the white cloth.
The breakfast consisted of the dishes
Abdul-Baha used to have in this home: Veg-
etable soup, chicken, rice, salad, ices--all per-
fectly prepared and served.
Mr. Kinney chanted, as all sat down. The
hostess declared it to be the happiest day of
her life, and certainly her radiant face, ex-
pressive of the illumined soul, confirmed the
statement. To look up and down that table,
at those glowing faces, was an inspiration and
joy. The opportunity for conversing and ex-
changing ideas concerning the approaching
convention; the great idea for which the
building of the Mashrak--el-Azkar stands;
Abdul-Baha back of it, bidding all to arise
and serve, was a scene, the memory of which
will remain in the minds and hearts of those
present.
The hostess called upon various ones to
speak and all responded appropriately, con-
cluding with the reading of the Tablet re-
cently sent by Abdul-Baha, concerning firm-
ness in the Center of the Covenant.
The Executive Board went into session at
two o'clock in another part of this beautiful
home, While a reception, to all the visiting and
resident Bahais, was held from three to
five o'clock. Beautiful music, refreshments,
fragrant flowers and illumined faces made
everyone happy.
At half after Six 0'clock all repaired to
Columbia University Commons where the
Feast of Rizwan was celebrated by over two
hundred of the friends. Beautiful music was
provided, and many of those present made
speeches when called upon by the presiding
officer, Mr. Mountfort Mills, of New York.
Abdul-Baha tells us to "Be Happy, Be
Happy"! and we obeyed his injunction, and
all went to their respective homes happy at
the close of the first day of the Fifth Annual
Convention of the Bahai Temple Unity.
ALICE Ives BREED,
Chairman New York Committee of Arrangements
article is a forerunner of our Convention
issue, copy for which is in the hands of a c0rnm1ttee--
The Editors.

