STAR OF THE WEST
15
LA Holy Tablet
the earth, and from the Angels of the Presence. Say: Verily He beareth witness to Me
and I bear witness to Him; verily He desired naught but My Person, whereunto bear wit-
ness all those just ones who know. Verily We are inviting to G01) the Lord of the Names,
in the midst of afflictions. Say: Continue in that which is promised unto you in the Books
of G01), and walk not in the path of the ignorant.
Surely My Body is imprisoned for the salvation of your souls; then draw nigh to The
Face, and follow not all the obstinate proud ones. Verily He hath accepted the greatest
abasement for your honor, and ye are diverting yourselves in the valley of heedlessness.
Verily He is in the most ruined of houses for your sakes, and ye are sitting in palaces.
Say: Have ye not heard the sound of the voice of the Crier who is crying in the
wilderness of the Beyan, proclaiming to you your Merciful Lord? Know that surely He
hath come in the Truth, in the shadow of demonstration, with proof and argument, and
the Unitarians are beholding the Kingdom before their faces. Blessed is he who ap--
proacheth Him, and woe to all deniers and doubters.
Say unto the Priest that the Chief hath surely come. Then emerge from behind the
veil, in the Name of thy Lord, and proclaim to the people this Greatest and Exalted Mani-
festation. Verily the Spirit of Truth hath come to guide you into all Truth. Verily He
speaketh not unto you from Himself, nay rather from before the All~Knowing and Wise.
Say: He is the One whom the S011 hath glorified and hath upraised His Command.
Abandon that which is before you, people of the earth, and take that which is commanded
you from before the Powerful, the Faithful. Purify your ears and turn your minds to
hear the sweet Call which hath arisen from the direction of Sinai the abode of your Most
Glorious (ABBA) Lord. Verily He attracts you unto a station wherein you will behold
the Lights of the Face, which hath shone forth from this brilliant Horizon.
Say: Concourse of Priests, leave the bells, then come out from the Churches. In
this Day it behooveth you to proclaim in this Greatest Name among the nations. Do you
choose to be silent whilst all trees and stones are calling out with the loudest voice "Surely
the Lord hath come, the Possessor of Great Glory"? Blessed is he who hasteneth unto
Him. Verily he is of those whose names will be established for ever and whom the
Supreme Concourse will remember. The Command is appointed from before the Spirit
in this wonderful Tablet.
He who inviteth the people in My Name, he is of Me, and from him will appear that
which will be beyond the power of all that is in the earth. Then follow the Path of the
Lord, and follow not the heedless. Blessed is the sleeper who will awaken by these
Powers and will stand up among the dead, directing himself in the Path of the Lord;
verily he is of the essence of the creatures before the True One, and verily he is of those
who have attained.
Say: Verily He hath surely shone forth from the direction of the Orient, and His
Signs have appeared in the Occiclent. Think thereupon people, and be not like unto
those who neglected The Remembrancer when He came unto them from before The
Mighty, The Laudable. Awake by the Breezes of Verily they have blown in the
world. Blessing to whosoever hath found their fragrance and is of the assured.
Say: Concourse of Bishops! Ye are the stars of the heaven of My Knowledge.
My Favor lilceth it not that ye fall down upon the face of the earth, but My Equity saith,
this is that which is appointed by the Son, and whatsoever hath issued from His Pure,
Faithful and True Mouth shall not change. erily the bell is ringing in My Name and is
mourning for My Soul, but 'the Spirit is in manifest gladness.
Say: The Body of The Beloved is yearning after the Cross, and His Head desireth
the spear in the Path of the Merciful. Verily the assault of the oppressors keepeth Him
11ot from that which He desireth. Surely We have abandoned all things to the Meeting
[Continued on page nineteen]

