Z0--6 STAR OF THE WEST
INTERVIEW BETWEEN ABDUL-BAHA AND A SAN FRANCISCO
NEWSPAPER REPORTER.
To a. correspondent of The Examiner, October 3, 1912. This interview was published next day
in-a. form almost unrecognizable.
From the Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab.
with the United States?
ABDUL--BAHAI The continent of Amer-
ica is most progressive. The means of instruc-
tions are prepared; the educational institutions
are thoroughly equipped and the pupils are'be-
ing systematically trained and educated. The
wealth is on an upward tendency. Its govern-
ment is- democratic. Its advancement is un-
ceasing. Its nation is hospitable. Its people
are loyal, energetic and noble. Its inhabitants
are free and the lovers of liberty. Its men are
civilized and its women are culture-.d, refined
and idealistic. On the other hand, all these
advantages are on the material plane, and I
observe the majority of the people are sub-
merged in the sea of materialism and agnosti-
cism. The natural civilization is well-nigh per-
fect; but it is in need of the civilization of
heaven--Divine civilization.
What do you mean by "Di-
vine civilization"?
Divine civilization 1s the
light. Material civilization is the lamp. Mate-
rial civilization is the body; in itself 'it is not
sufficient, and humanity from every standpoint
stands insore need of divine civilization. Nat-
ural civilization insures material welfare and
prosperity;- Divine civilization vouchsafes to
man ideal virtues. Material civilization serves
the physical world; divine civilization serves
the world of morality. Divine civilization is a
symposium of the perfections of the world
of humanity. Divine civilization is the im-
provement of the ethical life of a nation. Di-
vine civilization is the discovery of the reality
of phenomena. Divine civilization is the
spiritual philosophy. Divine civilization is the
knowledge of God with rational and intellectual
evidences. Divine civilization is Eternal Life.
Divine civilization is the immortality of the
soul. Divine civilization is the Breath of the
Holy Spirit. Divine civilization is heavenly
wisdom. Divine civilization is the reality of
all the Teachings of the ancient prophets.
Divine civilization is Universal Peace and the
oneness of the world of humanity. The Holy
manifestations of God have been the 'founders
of Divine civilization, the first Teachers of
mankind, and the spreaders of the fragrances
of holiness and sanctity amongst the children
of men.
(-TORRYESPONDENT: Are you pleased
Cor-resj'b0ndent: Are you satisfiedwith the
American people?
ABDUL-BAHA: The American people are a
stranger-loving people. All nations are wel-
comed in their midst. They give to everyone
the right of living and the pursuit of happi-
ness. Here no one feels a foreigner, I am
satisfied with all of them.
Correspondent: I have heard that you advo-
cate the complete equality of men and Women.
This radical teaching coming from an Oriental
thinker is of great interest and supreme sig-
nificance. Just at this juncture the California
women are clamoring for the right to vote for
all the national and state officials, and your
opinion on this important question will be
greatly appreciated by the people.
ABDUL-BAHA2 The question of equality be-
tween men and women has made greater ad-
vancement in America than elsewhereassuming greater importance and
becoming nearer to realization. However, as
long as complete equality does not exist be-
tween male and female, the world of humanity
will not make extraordinary progress. The
woman is an important column, and there is
another equally important. If we aim to have
a durable building, the foundations of both
columns must be laid very deep. The women
are the first teachers and instructors of the
small children. They teach them and inculcate
morality in their minds and hearts. Later they
go to universities for higher education and
specialization. Now if the teacher or instructor
is deficient, how can the scholar be properly
trained? Therefore, it is proven that the cul-
ture and refinement of the men are intensified
and will bloom and attain to perfect fruition
when the women are equally educated and given
the same educational facilities. Consequently
the women must enjoy all, the learning they
are able to assimilate, in order that- they may
reach to the same level as men. The same
privileges and opportunities must be conferred
upon women;--so that just as they share to-
gether life and its responsibilities, they may
also share "with him the same virtues of the
world of humanity. Undoubtedly partnership
in 'education and culture presupposes equality
in rights. The world of humanity has two
wings, one wing male, the other wing female.

