STAR OF THE WEST 117
herein America. What is this power, which
notwithstanding it is embodied in America,
is still working in the east, organizing, syste-
matizing, destroying, upbuilding? It is the
spirit of man. This is irrefutable.
When you wish to reflect upon or consider
a matter you consult something Within you.
You say, shall I do it o-r shall I not do it? Is
it better to do this or abandon it? Whom do
you consult? Who is within you deciding this
question? Surely there is a distinct power, a
distinct ego. Were it not distinct from your
ego, you would not be consulting it. It is
greater than the faculty of thought. It is
your spirit which teaches you, which inspires
and decides upon matters. Who is it that
interrogates? W110 is it that answers? There
is no doubt that it is the spirit and that there
is no change or transformation there, for it is
not composed of composite elements; and any-
thing that is not composed of elements is
eternal. Change and transformation are pecu-
liarities of composition. There is no change
and transformation in the spirit. In proof of
this the body may become weakened in its
members. It may be dismembered or one of its
members may be incapacitated. The whole
body may be paralyzed and yet the mind, the
spirit remains ever the same. The mind de-
cides, the thought is perfect and yet the hand
is withered, the feet have become useless, the
spinal column is paralyzed, and there is no
muscular movement at all, but the spirit is in
the same status. Dismember a healthy man 
the spirit is not dismembered. Amputate his
feet; his spirit is there. He may become lame,
the spirit is not affected. The spirit is ever the
same; no change or transformation can you
perceive, and because there is no change or
transformation, it is everlasting and permanent.
Consider man while in the state of sleep; it
is evident that all his parts and members are at
a standstill, are functionless. His does not
see, his ear does not hear. his feet and hands
are motionless, but, nevertheless, he does see in
the world of dreams, he does hear, he speaks,
he walks, he may even fly in an aeroplane.
Therefore it becomes evident that though the
body be dead yet the spirit is permanent. Nay,
the perceptions may be keener when man's
body is asleep, the flight may be higher, the
hearing may be better; all the functions are
there and yet the body is at a standstill. Hence
it is proof that there is a spirit in the man and
in this spirit there is no distinction as to
Whether the body be asleep or absolutely dead
and dependent. The spirit is not incapacitated
by these conditions; it is not bereft of its exist-
ence, it is not bereft of its perfections. The
proofs are many--innumerable
These are all rational proofs. Nobody can
deny them. As we have shown there is a spirit
and that this spirit is permanent and everlast-
ing, We must strive to learn of it. May you
become informed of this spirit, hasten to render
it divine, to have it become sanctified and holy.
and that it may become the very light of the
world illumining the East and the West.
I Wish I might come and talk with you every
night. I entertain great love for you all and
am greatly pleased with this meeting.

Anpmass BY AT THE New
THOUGHT FORUM (IVTETAPHYSICAL CLUB),
Boston, MASS., AUGUST 25TH, 19l2.*

THOU kind God! In the utmost state
0 of humility and submission do we en-
treat and supplicate at Thy Threshold,
seeking Thy endless confirmations and illimi-
table assistance. Thou Lord! regenerate
these souls and confer upon them a new Life.
Animate the spirits, inform the hearts, open the
eyes and make the ears attentive. From Thy
ancient Treasury confer a new being and
animus and from Thy pre-existent Abode
assist them to attain to new confirmations.
God! Verily the world is in need of ref-
ormation. Bestow upon it a new existence.
Give it newness of thoughts and reveal unto it
heavenly sciences. Breathe into it a fresh
spirit and grant unto it a holier and higher
purpose.
God! Verily Thou hast made this century
radiant and in it Thou hast manifested Thy
merciful Eifulgence. Thou hast effaced the
darkness of superstitions and permitted the
Light of Assurance to shine. God! grant
that these servants may be acceptable at Thy
Threshold. Reveal a new heaven and spread
out a new earth for habitation. Let a new
Jerusalem descend from on high. Bestow new
thoughts, new life upon mankind. Endow
souls with new perceptions and confer upon
them new virtues. Verily Thou art the Al-
mighty, the Powerful! Thou art the Giver,
the Generous!
It is easy to bring human bodies under con-
trol. A king can bring under his rule and
authority the bodies of his subjects through-
*Dr. Fareed, Translator. Stenographic notes by
Miss Edna McKinney.

