STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINE TEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Deal-born Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post ofiice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3,1879.
Editorial Stafi: ALBERT R. VVINDUST--GERTRUDE BUIKEMA ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB

TERMS: $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
No:e--Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, S. A.
To personal checlts please add sullicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to Baum News SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, ChicagoTABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS con! 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
beco;-he the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clirne. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais whiizh 15 organized in_the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form 1 small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the _0bje'ct of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the wavespf the sea; thyyolume will increase, thy
arena vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world o-f humanity. Yet all these rlenend upon firmness.
firmness! 
(Signed) Annun-Bans Aanss.
V01. iv 1, 69, (Novembe*rrZ3, 19_13) No.14
THEM TOGETHER AGAIN, LORD, BY THE POWER
OF THY 
Bring them together again, Lord, by the power of Thy Covenant, and gather
their dispersion by the might of Thy Promise, and unite their hearts by the dominion of
Thy Love; and make them love each other so that they may sacrifice their spirits, expend
their money, and scatter themselves for the love of one another. Lord, cause to
descend upon them quietness and tranquillity! Shower upon them the Clouds of Thy
Mercy in great abundance, and make them to characterize themselves with the character-
istics of the Spiritual! Lord, make us firm in Thy noble command, and bestow upon
us Thy Gifts through Thy Bounty, Grace and 
Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Merciful, and the Benevolent.

TABLET REVEALED BYABD UL-BAHA TO 114R. ROY C. WILHELM.
Upon who-m be 
HE IS con!
thou, my dear son!
T-h.y letter, dated July 3, 1913, was received.
contents indicated the firmness and stead-
fastness of the believers of God and told of
the holding of a divine meeting in your radi-
ant, 'c-harming country place. Praise be to
God, that that day was spent in the utmost
joy .and happiness. That annual memorial
meeting will be the souvenir of Abdul-Baha,
especially When it is passed with infinite de-
light and gl=adness.*
The con-firmatlio-n of the Kingdom of ABI-IA
*Refe1's to a Feast given at 'Nest Englewood, N. 1.,
]i11_1e 29, 1913, by the Bahais of New York city and
vicinity, in comrnemoration of the Feast given by
Abdul-Baha on the same date in 1912--see the STAR
or THE WEST, No. 8, Vol. Editors.
shall descend uninterru-pted-ly up-on those souls
who are firm in The Covenant. Th-ou hast
well observed that every firm one is assisted
and aided an.d every violator is degraded,
humiliated and lost. It is very astonishing
that people are not admonished. They have
observed how Mirza Moham-med Ali, on ac-
count of the violation of The Cownaam', de-
scended to the lowest degree of humiliation
and yet they do not become mindful. They
have seen how oth-ers through -disobedience to
the Testament have fallen into a we-ll of deg-
radation-, and yet they are not awakened.
This Covenant is The His Holi-
ness N-ow its importance is not

