300 STAR OF THE WEST
be "in the Name of God," that is, in accord
with the divine Vl/ord. The Name of the
Manifestation of God signifies divine attri-
butes therefore, to ask "in His Name" means
according to his nature and instructions, which
are the nature and instructions of God. N0
prayer is prayer to God unless it be in G0d's
way, according to His Word, and with a sin-
cere desire for His Will to be done regard-
less of the personal will. Prayer, in its es-
sence, is the abandonment of the personal will
in favor of the VVill of God. And such prayer
God answers, because it is in agreement with
His law and can be answered.
God asks man to pray to Him. He has given
freely everything for the necessities of human
life. He has filled the lands and waters with
foods and taught man how to cultivate and
use them; He has given the forests and all
materials for shelter, the co-tton and the wool,
and enabled man to mould them for his coin-
fort; He has given the reasoning faculties that
man may progress i11 material welfare and
exercise the ethical and moral knowledges of-
fered to him; He has given conceptions of
beauty that man may seek for more than the
physical dimensions of existence; and He has
implanted the perception of higher possib-il-
ities and a desire for eternal destinies, that
man may turn his face toward the Infinite.
All of these have been without the asking,
but for the greater, spiritual things, God tells
man to pray that in so doing he may recognize
his need, pro-ve the reality of his desire, and
put himself into the only attitude i11 which
he can receive. One must face forward and
hold out his hand if he would have the gift;
he must meet the donor part way; otherwise
there is no real gift. He who is in need will
pray. He who hesitates to supplicate God for
His mos-t valuable treasures is standing in the
station of pride, or has not awakened to their
worth and his own need. . . . .
God demands obediencequestion God's commands. A little thought
shows that all the ordinances of God, ex-
pressed by His Manifestation, are for the up-
lifting and good of man; how then can he
question the methods revealed from the same
Source? The Scriptures throughout lay stress
upon obedience as of the utmost importance
in the sight of G-o-d, and he who would attain
the higher blessings should welcome the op-
portunities to 0-bey. Everything in existence is
under law, and all things o'bey freely, except
man, who has been granted ability to disoabey
even God, and to obey himself. Man is al-
ways a servant; he obeys something; how
much better for him to serve the Wise One,
the True One, the Beautiful One, instead of
his own ignorance and greed! "Know ye not
that to whom ye yield yourselves servants to
obey, his servants ye are to whom ye obey,
whether of sin unto death, or of obedience unto
righteousness (Romans 6 
The whole sin and consequent degradation
of the Jewish people was their disobedience
to God. He called them again and again to
be His people. "Obey my voice, and I will be
your God, and ye shall be my people; and walk
ye in all the ways that I have commanded
you, that it may be well with you." (Ier. 7:
23.) "Obey, I beseech thee, the voice of the
Lord, which I speak unto thee; so shall it be
well unto thee, and thy soul shall live." (Ier.
38:20.) . . . . 
Obedience, then, is to the Malzifestatioiz of
God, in wh-atetzer age he may appear.
The V0-ic-e of God, speaking through 
[in this Millennial 
Son of E.rz'ste1'zce! Keep My Commands for
love of Me, and den-y thyself thine own de-
sires if than -wislzest My Pleasure." Son
of Man! Neglect not My Laws if thou lowest
My Beauty, and forget not My Comzsels if
thou art hopeful to attain Will."

THE MYSTERIES CF PRAYER
From Sacred Mysteries by Mirza Assad'ullah
NE of the commandments which exists in
every religion is prayer.
What is the benefit of prayer, that man
should stand or kneel three or five times a
day and read or chant certain words?
We answer, there is no doubt that the ordi-
nances and precepts of God are for the pur-
pose of promoting humanity to a higher sta-
tion. Therefore, the benefit of praying must
be something which elevates man to a lofty
and spiritual station, and to set him free from
the prison of this immortal world of nature.
In explaining this subject, we cannot but
hold to the Utterances of God, which de--
scended through the tongues of His Mouth-
pieces and Prophets:
God says: "The act of praying is a pillar
of religion." That is, religion is likened

