234 STAR OF THE WEST
The following letters, which appeared in The Egytian Qazcfle, were sent by"The Center of The Covenant"
for reproduction in the STAR or THE (Editors.
PROFESSOR VAMBERY AND TI-IE BAHAI RELIGION
[Reprinted from The Egyfian Sept. 24, 1913]
VAMBERY AND THE
BAHAI RELIGION.
ii
REMARKABLE LETTER TO ABBAS EFFENDI.
To the Editor "Egyptian Gazette."
Sir view of th-e recent death of that
distinguished scho-lar and orientalist, Arminius
Vambery, I feel that the subjoined letter, sent
only a few weeks before his death to Abdul-
Baha (Abb-as Effendi), becomes a historical
do-cu-ment of worldwide interest and impor-
tance. This hitherto unpub-lished letter I am
happily p-ermitted to make public.
Written in Persian its exquisite diction and
courtesy reveal how thoroughly this wo-nderful
scholar inherently understood the heart of the
religious East and how fully he sympathized
with all truly nob-le aims. To many Vambery
was perhaps known only as a brilliant and
indefatigable anthropologist and researcher
into hidden origins; to others, who know the
infinite complexities of life and thought in the
Near East, he meant a great deal more. His
strenuously active life comprised more know-
ledge based on experience than is generally
to be found in the career of three ordinary
diplomatists. His linguistic attainments were
rem-arkable, for he spoke and wrote over fif-
teen languages.
Naturally his judgment on men and things
was therefore remarkable for its penetrative
accuracy and shrewdness and for fo-ur years
he worked as special adviser to the ex-Sultan,
Abdul Hamid. A particularly hard youth,
fought in such bewildering surroundings as
Turkey, Persia and the Balkans present, gave
him unequalled opportunities for observation
and study.
Concerning religious philosophy he could
enter into discussions with the best and espe-
cially on Islamic theology, whether Persian or
Arabian, he spoke with an intimate and imme-
diate knowledge that inspired great respect
among the learned mullahs. Many are the
biographical sketches that have appeared on
this extraordinary genius from time to time in
European reviews and now many more will be
surely presented; but it may be doubted
whether any will reveal the inner soul and
high aspirations of this scholar at a ripe old
age as do the contents of the following com-
munication. We seem to feel the glow of a
flame that flashed out from the heart of one
who had always searched to find a great truth,
a compelling conviction, and that this glad ex-
perience had finally been accorded and he was
satisfied.
The memorable meeting between Abdul-
Baha and the professor took place in Buda
Pesth last April where the great Bahai Master
met with an ovation on the part of scholars,
orientalists and social reformers. On the re-
turn of Abdul-Baha to Egypt he wrote to
Vambery, sending -him a gift, and the follow-
ing letter was the reply. For the information
of those who are unfamiliar with Eastern ex-
pressions I may add that the style is, in Islam,
only adopted by the religiously learned and
only used towards a supremely great teacher
or leader.
Believe me, yours, etc.,
J. STANNARD.
Ramleh, September 22.
rans-om to thee!
LETTER TO ABDUL-BAHA FRO-M PROFESSOR VAMBERY
FORWARD this humble petition to the sanctified and holy presence
I of Abdul-Baha Abbas who is the centre of knowledge, famous
throughout the world and beloved by all mankind. thou noble 
friend who art conferring guidance upon humanity, may my life be a I
The loving epistle which you have condescended to write to this 
servant and the rug which you have forwarded came safely to hand. I

