STAR OF THE WEST 269
In this, the day of The New Covenant, the
real Christians are those who have within their
souls the love and the light of Christ, and
when they hear the Bahai Message, they re-
spond to the Call of the New Covenant, for
they see and recognize the New Covenant to
be the return of the same Christ, "The Word
of God," which has ever been the One Light
of the world throughout all ages. Those in
whose souls the love of God does not exist
are as spiritually dead, they being Christians
in name Only. Christ said: "My sheep shall
know my voice." Those who really are of
Him in spirit know and recognize His voice,
for in them is living the Truth of Christ. The
people who cling to the outer forms of the
dispensation of Jesus, and who refuse the
Light of God in its new point of manifesta-
tion, these, like the Jews of old who rejected
Christ, are in great loss.

The Revelation of Jesus was for His own
dispensation--that of "The Son." But now
the apostolic age is finished and completed, and
a new Revelation has appeared. Now, the
Revelation of Jesus is no longer the Point
of guidance to the world as it was in the past,
for now the same C/tr-ist, which was in Jesus,
is again manifest in the Bahai Revelation,
and those who desire the light, must now turn
to God in His New Manifestation. Christ said,
have many things to tell you, but ye can-
not bear them now." This is the time for
us to know those things"The Word" manifesting as THE FA-
THER, The Father of whom "The Son" and
all the Prophets testified, and promised. If
we refuse the Father, we also refuse the Son,
and all of the prophets. We are then in total
darkness, for we are refusing the Revelation
of the present day and dispensation, which is
the end of the Revelations of the past and the
beginning of a new order of things upon earth.
In the parable of "The Lord of the Vine-
yard" (Matt. XXII 33) Christ spoke of the
prophets of God who were rejected by the
world. He spoke of the coming of "The Son"
who would be rejected and slain. (Here Jesus
was prophesying of His own rejection by the
world and of His crucifixion.) Then Jesus
speaks of this "Latter day" coming, saying:
"When the Lord, therefore, of the vineyard
cometh, what will He do unto those husband-
men?" "They say unto him, He will miserably
destroy those wicked men and will let out His
vineyard unto other husbandmen, which shall
render Him the fruit in their seasons." This
is one of the holy prophecies wherein is prom-
ised the coming of the Mighty Manifestation
of God to the Earth, and the establishment of
His Kingdom triumphant upon earth.
The physical seasons of the year are sym-
bolic or typical of the seasons or phases of a
dispensation of "The Word of God."
In the springtime, physical life is poured out
upon the earth, and all things in which there
is life awake to a greater and more active
physical life, while new plants and shrubs
spring up upon all sides out from the hitherto
sterile and lifeless earth. Shortly comes the
time of fruition, and summer is at hand; then
the decline of the physical forces as autumn
arrives. With the winter coldness comes a
cessation of physical activities and much dis-
integration and death in the vegetable world,
while those trees, shrubs, etc., in which life
remains are not productive of fruits as they
were in the springtime and summer. Then
again comes the springtime and with the com-
ing of the Warm sun and rain those trees and
plants in which physical life exists, manifest
new life--stretching out their branches and
putting forth new leaves to receive the life-
giving rays of light proceeding from the sun,
now returned with all of its former life-giving
power and strength.
Upon the other hand, those dead trees and
shrubs, in which life has become extinct, and
which but a short time before, outwardly ap-
peared to be as perfect as those in which there
was life, under these new conditions of spring-
time, disintegrate and decay with great rapidity.
Thus the dead and the living trees and
shrubs stand side by side throughout the win-
ter, and the casual observer sees them as
being equal until the coming of springtime
and then the outward differentiation takes
place.
In like manner is the coming of the spring-
time of the dispensation of God's Truth
upon earth. Through the shining forth of the
Spiritual Sim of is "The W'ord
of God" manifested in The Temple of Chosen
Man--the people of the World, as they turn to
the point of Revelation, are quickened with
Divine Life and bring forth in their lives the
fruits of God's Kingdom; then in turn those
souls sow the spiritual seeds in the hearts of
others, quickening the souls of spiritually dead
humanity with a new spiritual life.
Then, as time goes on, creed, form and
dogma dominate and the spirit of the religion

