178 STAR OF
Chicago, Ill.
Miss Josephine Nelson, 6641 Cottage Grove
Ave.
enosha, Wis.
Mr. Walter Bohanan, R. F. D. Route 36, Box
I35.
Racine, Wis.
Mr. Andrew J. Nelson, 2041 Carmel Ave.
Si. Paul and Minneapolis, Minn.
Miss I-1. A. McCutcheon,, 311 Hulet Block.
Denver, Colo.
Mrs. Iosephine Clark, 4141 Xavier St.
Seattle, Wash.
Dr. C. F. Lathrop, 213 People's Bank Building.
THE WEST
poleane, Wash.
Mrs. Evelyn K. Moore, 1718 Mansfield Ave.
Everett, Wash.
Mr. Herman Eisert, I230 Broadway.
Portland, Ore.
Mr. B. N. Bowman, 86 North 16th St.
San Francisco and Oakland, Cal.
Mrs. Helen S. Goodall, 1537 Jackson St.
Los Angeles and Pasadena, Cal.
Mr. F. B. Beckett, 300 Oak Drive, Tropico.
onoluln, awaiian Islands.
Miss Elizabeth l\/Iuthur, P. O. Box 494.
LETTER FROM CONSTANTINOPLE.
Hospital Hamidie' Chichli, Constantinople.
August 3, I913.
To the STAR OF THE West:
Dear Bahai Friends is with great joy
that I send to all the Bahais the love and
greetings of our Turkish friends in Constanti-
nople. I have been here about a. month as in-
firmire major of the French red-cross, to take
care of the sick and Wounded soldiers in the
hospitals.
It is a great pleasure at the same time to
meet and greet the friends here. They are
few, but very sincere and devoted to the Cause.
I have been received and treated with the
greatest respect by all, including the doctors
and surgeons. All seem touched when sym-
pathy and brotherhood are bestowed upon
them during this terrible war. I am very busy,
and I thank God that I have been able to pre-
pare myself to help and nurse so many poor
soldiers.
To meet the few friends here, among them
Nazim Bey and his wife, and Emin Bey was
a surprise, and I cannot find words to ex-
press the love they showered upon me. I
have also renewed the acquaintance of some
Turkish friends whom I knew in Paris and
who had been interested in the Cause.
It will interest the American friends to
learn of the efforts which the Turkish women
are making to liberate themselves. I have
joined a society which they formed during
the war, "The Society for the Defense of
the Rights of Women." I have Written to
some of the wo1nen's suffrage societies in
France, to interest them in this young society,
for these Turkish women are struggling brave-
ly to gain a little of the lib-erty which their
occidental sisters enjoy, and we should encour-
age them and give them a helping hand.
It is very sad indeed to see the suffering and
poverty here. This work in Constantinople
will be one of my most cherished memories,
and I hope to remain here three months more.
The friends here join me in sending to all
the assurance of our love and devotion to the
Bahai Cause.
Your devoted sister,
G. 
ii-i 
NOTES:
Prof. E. C. Getsinger, of Washington, D. C.,
sailed Sept. 2d, for Port Said, Egypt, in re-
sponse to a cablegram from Abdul-Baha to
come at once. Some weeks ago his wife, Mrs-.
Lua Getsinger, went to Egypt in response to
a similar message.
Dr. M. I. Basheer, after four years' sojourn
in America, where he has completed his course
of study in medicine, is soon to return to his
home in Port Said, Egypt.
OUR PERSIAN SECTION.
This issue contains: (I) Talk by Abdul-
Baha on "Heavenly Civilization," given at the
Hotel Ansonia, New York City; (2) talk by
Abdul-Baha on "The Influence or Penetration
of the Divine Power," given at the home of
Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Dodge, New York City;
(3) talk by Abdul-Baha, "The Gathering of
the Disciples," delivered at a feast given by
Mirza Djafar Chirazi, at Port Said, Egypt;
(4) Tablet from Abdul-Baha to the editor of
the Chm'.st1'an omrnonzrrealth, London; (5) talk
by Abdul-Baha on "The Supernatural Power
in Man," given at the home of Mr. Mount-
fort Mills, New York City; (6) talk by Ab~
dul-Baha to the children assembled at the
home of Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Dodge, New
York City.

