STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and diflferences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IV Chicago (July 13, 1913) Kalamat No. 7
ADDRESSES BY ABDUL-BAHA DELIVERED IN BOSTON
ADDRESS BY BEFORE THE THEO-
SOPHICAL Socnarr or Boston, MAss., AT Tm.-1
Ksnsiivoron, EXETER AND BOYLSTON Smears,
JULY 24TH, 1912.
HAVE come from New York to meet with
I you, but I regret that I cannot stay long.
Therefore, I consider it very opportune to
discuss with you an important question. I
have not time for numerous meetings.
In the world of existence there is nothing s0
important as spirit. Nothing is as essential as
the spirit of man. The spirit of man is the
most noble of phenomena. The spirit of man
is the meeting between man and God. The
spirit of man is the cause of human life.
The spirit of man is the collective center of
all virtues. The spirit of man is the cause of
the illumination of this world. The world
may be likenedto the body and man may be
likened to the spirit of the body, because the
light of the world is this spirit. Man in the
world is the life of the World, and the life of
man is the spirit. The happiness o-f the world
depends upon man, and the happiness of man
is dependent upon the spirit. The world may
be likened to the lamp chimney, Whereas man
may be likened to the light itself. Man may
be likened to the lamp, the spirit to the very
light within the lamp. Therefore let us speak
of this spirit.
The people of the world are divided into
two classes. One class is the materialistic
philosophers who deny the spirit and its im-
mortality. The second class comprises the
divine philosophers, the Wise men of God, the
wise illuininati. They believe in the spirit and
its immortality. The Greek philosophers de-
clared man to consist of simply the material
elements. These material elements compose
the cellular elements of the human existence,
and when this composition is subjected to dis-
integration, the life of man becomes extinct.
They taught that other than the body there is
no spirit. It is body and body only. From
these elements these human emanations have
come. To them the and the ear are due;
by them the sense of taste, smell and touch are
caused; and when these elements are decom-
posed, these senses are likewise decomposed.
This. is the statement of the materialistic
philosophers.
But the philosophers of God say, No! the
spirit does exist; the spirit is living and eternal.
Because of the objections of the materialistic
philosophers, therefore, the wise men of God
have advanced rational proofs in regard to the
validity of the spirit. The materialistic philoso-
phers do not believe in the books of God, and,
hence, for them traditional proofs are no evi-
dence; materialistic proofs are necessary. Con-
sequently, the philosophers and wise men of
God have said that it is firmly established that
existing phenomena may be resolved into
grades, that is to say, the mineral, vegetable
or animal kingdoms, which possess either the
functions augmentative or the functions tan-
gible.
When we look at the mineral we discover
that it exists and is possessed of virtue, that is
to say, the power augmentative. When we
consider the vegetable we see that it possesses
the power of the mineral plus the power of
growth. Therefore, it is evident that the vege-
table kingdom is superior to the mineral.
When we look at the animal kingdom we dis-
cover that the animal possesses both the power
of the vegetable and those of the mineral,
because it is both material and endowed
with the virtues augmentative. It is possessed
of the virtues of a kingdom, whereof the
mineral and vegetables are minus. That is to
say, the animal has the sense of hearing, sight,
taste, smell and touch, the five senses of per-
ception. It likewise has the power of memory.
These do not exist in the lower kingdoms.
Inst as the animal is more noble than the
vegetable and the mineral, so is man superior
to the animal. When we look at the animal
we see that, although it possesses the five
senses, it is bereft of ideation; that is to say,
the animal is a captive of the world of nature,
it is not in touch with that which lies beyond
nature, it is bereft of spiritual susceptibilities,

