122 STAR OF THE WEST
ADDRESSES BY ABDUL-BAHA DELIVERED IN BOSTON
[Continued from page 119]
tionary While the world has been advancing in
every other condition and direction? It is
impossible 
Therefore, we must invoke and supplicate
God and strive with t-he utmost effort in order
that the world of human existence in all its
degrees may receive a mighty impulse, com-
plete human happiness be attained and the
resuscitation of all spirits and emanations be
realized through the boundless favor of the
Mercy of God.
EXTRACTS FROM A TALK GIVEN BY ABDUL-BAHA
JULY 23121), 1912, IN ANSWER T0 QUESTIONS
Aston) BY Mas. CAMPBELL AND DR. GUY, AT
HOTEL VICTORIA, Boston, Mass.
HE injunction to Bahais has been this 1-
They must not engage in matters of poli-
tics which lead to corruption. They must
have nothing to do with corruption or sedi-
tion, but should interest themselves in clean
politics. In Persia, at the present time, the
Bahais have no part in the movements which
have terminated in corruption; but on the
other hand a Bahai may be a politician of the
right type; even ministers in Persia are Bahais.
We have Governor-Generals who are Bahais
and there are many other Bahais who take part
in politics, but n-ot in corruption. It is evi-
dent they must have nothing to do with sedi-
tious movements. For example, if the Amer-
icans should arise with the intentio-n of re-
instating despotism, the Bahais should take no
part in it.
The Bahai Cause includes questions of eco-
nomic and social conditions, but they are under
the heading -of Laws. The Bahai spirit is, that
in order to establish a better_ economic and
social condition you must abide by certain
laws. We will have economic laws so that the
Socialists may demand legally and not by force
or strike. The Government will enact the laws,
establish just legislation, and just economics,
in order that all humanity may enjoy the ut-
most ot welfare; but according to law. Witl1-
out law and legislation demands fail and wel-
fare will not be realized. Today they strike
and make demands. This is not goo-d. Laws
and regulations set forth rightful demands.
While thousands are considering these ques-
tions, we have more essential questions. The
secrets of the whole economic condition are
Divine in nature, and are concerned with the
world of the heart and spirit. In the Bahai
teaching this is most completely explained, and
without consideration of the Bahai teachings
it is impossible to realize a better state. All
this Will come to pass. The Bahais will bring
about the better state, but not through corrup-
tion and sedition. It will not be Warfare but
perfect welfare. In short, hearts must be so
cemented together, love must become so domi-
nant, that the rich shall mos-t willingly, out
of the free will of their hearts, help and ex-
tend assistance to the poor, and take steps in
the way of these adjustments. If it is accom-
plished in this way, it will be very good, be-
cause then i-t will be for the sake of God and
in His path. For example, the rich of a city
should say: "It is not becoming, it is not law-
tul that We should have such excessive wealth,
while in this very city there is abject poverty,"
and willingly they should give of their wealth.
They should give to the poor, and retain only
as much as will enable them to live comfort-
ably and honestly.
You must strive as much as possible to
create love in the hearts, in order that they may
become shining and radiant. When that love
shines in the hearts, even as this light (pointing
to the electric light), it will permeate other
hearts; and when the love of God is estab-
lished, everything else will be realized. This
is the foundation. Be thoughtful of it! Think
of becoming the cause of the attraction of
souls. Manifest true economics to the people.
Show what love is, what kindness is, what sev-
erance is, What giving is.
spread this Teaching of Uni-
versal Peace sixty years ago, when it was not
even thought of by the people. Now because
this has been spread, they say, "Yes, we are
thinking of peace," long after 
said it should come to pass. While 
was in prison he sent Tablets (letters)
to the Kings and rulers advising this, and it
was published sixty years ago.
This is the important thing for you to do.
Act in accordance with the teachings of 
All His books will be translated. Now
is the time for you to live in accordance with
the teachings of That is the
true translation, your deeds must be the real
translation.
Economic questions will not attract hearts.
The love of God alone will attract hearts.
These economic questions are very good ques-
tions, but the thing that attracts the hearts of
men is the Love of God.

