172 STAR OF
has sacrificed all in The
Path of and now the Power of
is manifesting to the world
through Abdul-Baha. He is the Center of
Center of The Covenant; there-
fore all must turn wholly and without reserve
unto him, for Abdul-Baha is The Chosen One,
the unique channel through Which the Power
of God is being conveyed to each individual
Bahai. as a member of God's Kingdom upon
earth.
The believers may be compared to leaves
upon The Branch. Through the branch, and
through the branch only are the leaves nour-
ished from the root of the tree. As the branch
is the only intermediary between the leaves and
the root, so Abdul-Baha, The Branch [for
there is but one Living Branch, b1'an'ched from
The Pre-existent Root], is the
intermediary between the believer and the Pre-
existent source of Divine Power which is

As the Power and stability of the tree is
due to its firm, organic connection with the
root, so is the power and strength of Abdul-
Baha the Power and Strength of God, because
he is branched from the Pre--existent Divine
Root of The Word- of God manifested in
As the well-being of each leaf
depends upon its firm and organic connection
with the branch, so does the spiritual well-
being of every Bahai depend upon his or her
spiritual connection with The Branch, Abdul-
Baha.
In storm and tempest, when the tree is sha-
ken, those leaves that are alive in the branch
remain upon the tree; while in those leaves in
which the life of the branch is not-the dead
fall to the ground, having no life
in them. When the unity and steadfastness of
the Bahais is tested those who are strong in
The Center of The Covenant, those in whose
souls lives the Spirit of Abdul-Baha--wi1l re-
main firm and steadfast throughout all condi-
tions, while those who are not firmly at-
tached to The Branch will, with the first trou-
bles, drop away from The Covenant. In this
condition their station is a worse one than that
of those who have never heard The Lord's
Call.
>3 

lhis day is seeing great changes in the re-
ligious thought of the world. Everywhere the
natural world of man is being prepared for
the Kingdom of God.
In the springtime the ground is broken and
THE WEST
prepared to receive the seed, this preparation
has to do with the mineral elements in which
there is no life. When the seed is sown the
elements of vegetation descend into the earth
in which inorganic material grows the vege-
table, an organic body against which the in-
organic forces of the mineral kingdom-have
no avail. Although every force in the mineral
kingdom is against the principle of vegetative
life, yet notwithstanding this very opposition
the vegetable lives, grows and dominates the
mineral.
In like manner is every human condition of
the natural man opposed to the life of the
spiritual man. Before the Divine Messengers
of God have sown the spiritual seeds of the
Kingdom, the hearts of men, in which there
were no elements of divine life, have through
human trials and conditions been broken and
prepared to receive God's Word. His Word
has taken root and grown in the soil of the
hearts of men while every element in the being
of the natural or human man has been against
the growth of the newly quickened spirit, yet
it is because of this conflict that spiritual man
has become strong and had dominion over the
natural or human in man.
This natural human force against the re-
ligion of God has ever been the spirit of the
Anti-Christ. Where the light is the brightest,
the shadows are the blackest. In the day of
each Manifestation, when God's Glory was
manifest to illumine the hearts of men, those
illumined souls who followed The Wo1'd have
always been surrounded from without by the
most subtle influences working upon them, to
sever, if such were possible, their spiritual
connection with the Channel of Divine Grace
--T he Manifestation of God.
The spirit of Anti-Christ is the spirit of de-
nial of the Manifest. The opposition of
the mineral to the vegetable causes the vege-
table to grow firm and strong, and the oppo-
sition of the forces of human man, the spirit
of the Anti-Christ, cause the divinely quick-
ened souls to grow strong and steadfast in
The Kingdom.
In this day humanity as a whole is being
prepared for the quickening of God's King-
dom. Creeds, dogmas and philosophies of the
past are being broken and shattered and are
without spiritual effect. The religious thought
of the present world is like shifting sand.
This world thought is against the growth of
the Cause of the Bahai 
for the religion of Baha is not merely ct Cause
of God, it is THE Came of God, outside of

