STAR OF THE WEST 89
tonished and said, "How is this? You are
laughing and singing. When prisoners are
ironed in this way, they usually cry out, weep
and lament." Abdul-Baha replied, rejoice
because you are doing me a great kindness;
you are making me very happy. For a long
time I have wished to know the feelings of a
prisoner in irons, to experience what other
men have been subjected to. I have heard of
this; now you have taught me What it is. You
have given me this opportunity. Therefore I
sing and am very happy. I am very thankful
to you." After a time the men who had been
appointed to keep guard over me became as
loving brothers and companions. They strove
to lighten my imprisonment by acts of kind-
ness. They said, "In order that you may not
be subjected to the jeers of the people when
you walk upon the Streets we will arrange
your clothing so these chains are not visible."
They took the chains which were upon my
limbs, gathered the ends together and wrapped
them as a girdle around my waist, then ar-
ranged my clothing so no chains were visible.
One day I wished to go to the hammam (pub-
lic bath). The guards said, "It will not be
possible for you to go to the bath unless these
chains are removed; and furthermore it will
attract notice from the people in the streets."
Abdul-Baha said, will go."
The guards then carefully gathered the hang-
ing chains around my waist, covered them with
my clothing and we went forth. As we passed
through the streets, Abdul-Baha took the
chains from his waist, flung their loose, dan-
gling ends over his shoulders in full view and
Walked to the hamman, followed by a great
crowd of hooting, jeering people. The guards
were most unhappy, but Abdul-Baha was in
supreme joy because of this opportunity to
walk in the freedom of the Pathway of God.
After many years the doors of Akka were
opened, the prison walls thrown down and the
chains which Abdul Hamid had placed upon
the body of Abdul-Baha were put around the
neck of Abdul Hamid himself.
In brief, this kind of persecution was easy
to bear. There was a second form of persecu-
tion to which Abdul-Baha was continually sub-
jected at Akka. Spies and enemies were con-
stantly informing the authorities that he was
plotting against the government, that he was
secretly instigating revolution and teaching
principles in opposition to the Mohammedan
religion. In consequence of these reports and
statements Abdul-Baha underwent a great deal
of restriction, difficulty and personal discom-
fort, but, Praise be to God! always in the
utmost joy and exaltation. Sometimes the
rigor of his restriction was increased; often
he was threatened with death; often threatened
with confinement in another prison fortress, but
nothing was accomplished by his enemies that
could lessen his complete happiness. On the
contrary, the more falsehoods they invented,
the more evident became his innocence and
sincerity, the more constant his thanksgiving
and rejoicing. This form of persecution was
likewise easy to bear.
But there was a third kind of persecution
which brought Abdul-Baha sorrow and un-
happiness, a persecution difficult to bear: the
bitter words and criticisms of the friends.
Where love was expected, hatred and jealousy
was found; instead of friendship and kindness,
envy a11d discord were manifested; instead of
harmony there appeared dissension and ill-
wishing; in place of assistance and apprecia-
tion, calumny, falsehood and slander. This is
hard to bear.
Now, Praise be to God! turn all your
thoughts and devote all your powers to the
Divine Covenant. Unless a servant in the
Cause of God is subjected to all these persecu-
tions he is not fitted to spread the Heavenly
Message of Glad Tidings. Follow Abdul-
Baha! Let nothing hinder or defeat you. God
is your helper and God is invincible.
 i-
ADDRESSES BY ABDUL-BAHA DELIVERED IN NEW YORK CITY
[Continued from page eighty-seven]
universe is not the result of that measured
period. This stupendous laboratory and work-
shop has not been limited to six thousand
revolutions of the earth about the sun in its
production. 'With the slightest reflection man
can be assured that this calculation and an-
nouncement is childish, especially in view of
the fact that it is scientifically proved the
terrestrial globe has been the habitation of man
long prior to such limited estimate.
As to the record in the Bible concerning His
Holiness Adam entering Paradise, eating from
the tree and the expulsion through the tempta-
tion of Satan, these are all symbols beneath
which there are wonderful and divine mean-
ings, not to be calculated in years, dates and

