90 STAR OF
measurement of time. Likewise the statement
that God create-d the heaven and the earth
in six days, is symbolic. We will not explain
this further today. The texts of the Holy Books
are all symbolical, needing authoritative inter-
pretation.
When man casts even a cursory glance of
reflection upon the question of the universe, he
discovers it is very ancient. A Persian philOSO--
pher was looking up into the heavens, lost in
wonder. He said, have written a book
containing seventy proofs of the accidental
appearance of the universe, but I still find it
very ancient."
says "the universe hath neither
beginning nor ending." He has set aside the
elaborate theories and exhaustive labors of
scientists and material philosophers by this
simple statement, "There is no beginnin-g, no
ending." The theologians and religionists ad-
vance plausible proofs that the genesis of the
universe dates back six thousand years; the
THE WEST
scientists bring forth certain indisputable
proofs and relics and say, These evi-
dences indicate ten thousand, twenty thousand,
fifty thousand years ago," etc., etc. There
are endless discussions pro and con. 
LLAH sets aside these discussions by one word
and statement. He says, "The Divine Sov-
ereignty hath no beginning and no ending."
By this announcement and its demonstration
He has brought a standard of agreement
among those who reflect upon this question of
Divine Sovereignty; brought reconciliation and
peace in this War of opinion and discussion.
Briefly, there were many Universal Cycles
preceding this one in which we are living.
They were consummated, completed and their
traces obliterated. The Divine and creative
purpose in them was the evolution of spiritual
man, just as in this cycle. The circle of ex-
istence is the same circle; it returns. The Tree
of Life has ever borne the same heavenly
fruit.
IN REMEMBRANCE: SARAH ANN RIDGWAY
regret to inform you of the" death of
OQ Sarah Ann Ridgway of I6 Smith
Street, Broughton Road, Pendleton,
Manchester, England. Our dear sister passed
away, without suffering, on the 11th of May.
She had held firmly to the Bahai Cause for
fifteen or more years in the United States and
in this country; and has worked many years
for it in but steadily teach-
ing and acting the blessed principles and duties
taught by Christ Jesus and Abdul-Baha. Right
to the last she kept up her work at the silk
factory--she was a silk weaver--and to the
last she thought of the Bahai Cause and
friends; and, though about sixty years of age,
she never spoke of personal ailments, nor of
old age coming on.
Miss Ridgway was always too full of
thought for others to worry about herself; and
she was respected by all who knew 
influence was always good.
In build, she was rather small, but strong
and energetic; and she moved about among all
denominations--sowing the seed of divine fel-
lowship everywhere. Though poor, she found
means to help the needy--~of whom there are
many in the neighborhood in which she lived;
and though at work for her living all day, she
yet found time and strength to do good among
those depressed by poverty or those that were
ill. She had been in the presence of Abdul-
Baha twice--in London and in Liverpool.
She taught us patience and constancy in
faith and works, and We miss her. There are
but two of us here now who call ourselves
was the first in Manchester and
the truest.
May God render her influence and spirit
fruitful forever.
Ed. Theo. Hall.
'i 
OUR PERSIAN SECTION, this issue, con-
tains: (I) Talk by Abdul-Baha concerning
the two blessed feasts--Declaration of the
Bab and the Birthday of Abdul-Baha; (2)
Convention of the Mashrak-el--Azkar of Chi>>
cago, in New York Citv, by Riza Shafie-Zadeh;
(3) Poem by Mirza M. Taki Nazeni Khoros-
sani; (4) News from Paris, by Seyed Assa-
dollah; (5) News from Paris, by Mirza
Sohrab; (6) News from Tehcran,
ersia.
WISDOM-TALKS OF ABD UL-BAI-IA--A compilation of the addresses of Abdul-Baha delivered at
Chicago, April 30 to May 5, 1912. Published in pamphlet form of 24 pages, price 10 cents. Proceeds
to go to Mashrak-el-Azkar fund. Address Miss Mary Lesch, 5205 Jefferson avenue, Chicago.

