STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of afiection and unity between the _sons of rnen shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IV Chicago (May 17, 1913) Azamat No. 4
ABDUL-BAHA AT STUTTGART
From notes in German sent by Margaretha Doering and M. Schweizer, Stuttgart
Translated into English by Mr. Charles Ioas, Chicago
BDUL-BAHA arrived at Stuttgart, Ger-
A many, in the evening of April Ist, 1913.
The friends called the following day at
the hotel, or met him in the afternoon at the
home of Mr. and Mrs. Herrigel, where great
numbers of people were present. All were
radiant and happy, and rejoiced in his pres-
ence. Wheii he entered he bowed to all sides
and then sitting down asked, "How are you
all?" after which he spoke the following
words, translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
and Herrn Herrigel, and taken stenographic--
ally by M. SchWeizer:--
"Praise be to God! that I have come to
Stuttgart, that I could meet with you. Praise
be to God! because your faces are radiant with
the light of the Glory of God; your hearts
are attracted to the Kingdom of ABHA. Thank
God that you have heard the call of God.
You are living in the day of the Lord. You
are living in the days of the radiances of the
Sun of Reality. The rays of this Sun have
poured into your hearts and souls. Your
hearts are illuminated, your inner vision clear.
Your spirit rejoiced in the glad tidings of the
Kingdom of God. Thank God that you are
the elect of God. He has elected you because
of His own love. The mercies of God have
surrounded you. You must live in accordance
with the teachings of Be loving
to all mankind. Consort with all religions in
amity and fragrance. You must be the cause
of the education of the world of humanity.
At present the world is still very dark. From
one side there threatens the darkness of ig-
norance; from another side black enmity is
visible; from the other side we hear of war
and rumors of war. We must, like a candle,
shine with the light of in order
that through your efforts this darkness may
be dispelled. The light of the love of God
can illumine the East and the West. It can
change hatred and enmity into love and friend-
ship. The clouds which veil the rays of the
Sun of Reality must be dispelled and made to
disappear. The world must be rejuvenated.
Eternal life must be made possible. The rays
of the Kingdom must shine forth. The breath
of the Holy Spirit can quicken the dead. I
shall always pray for you and I shall supplicate
for divine confirmations for each one of you,
in order that ye may become more enkindled
day by day, more attracted, so that each one
of you will become a herald of the Kingdom.
This is the eternal glory. This is the eternal
life. This is the entrance into the Kingdom of
God, the dominion which will last forever.
am very glad to be here. It is my hope
that through the bounty of God you may be-
come givers of life at this time. May God
bless you all! May the blessings pour down
upon you 1"
After these words Abdul-Baha went into
another room, saying that all who had not met
him could come to him. To those present he
made a short talk, after which he arose and
shook hands with all.
In the evening of April 3d, Abdul-Baha ad~
dressed a large public meeting in the upper
hall oi the City Museum. When he entered all
arose. Happiness shone on all faces. After
a short welcome Abdul-Baha spoke the follow-
ing, which was translated by Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab and Mr. Eckstein, and taken sten0-
graphically by F. R. and M. Schweizer:
came from a distant land. I have travelled
twenty thousand miles until I came to you in
Stuttgart. Forty years I was a prisoner. I
was young when I was put into prison and my
hair was white when the prison doors opened.
After all these long years of the sufferings of
prison life I willingly took upon myself all the
hardships of a long journey. Now I am here
in order to be united with you, in order to

