316 STAR OF THE WEST
A GLIMPSE OF MIRZA ABUL-FAZL AT RAMLEH
By ISABEL FRASER
GLIMPSE into the last days of Mirza
A Abul-Fazl, as I saw him at Ramleh, a
suburb of Alexandria, Egypt, last
autumn, may be of interest.
When Abdul-Baha settled at Ramleh, he de-
sired to have his 0-ld friend, Mirza Abul-Fazl,
near him. To do so h-e rented the upper part
of a two-story house set in a garden of date
palms. To have provided a more p-r-etentious
pl-ace would no-t have been at all in 
wit-h Mirza Ablul-Fazl's modest habits. He-re he
lived alone. At first, A1bldul--Baha secured a
cook who was to act as personal caretaker, for
Mirza Abul-Plazl's heal-th was failing and he
needed such an attendant.
But sick or well, the old philosopher was a
hermit. He loved his circle of friends, and he
also loved his hours of solitude and contempla-
tion. He was not used to having anybody co-n-
stantly around administering to "what he re-
garded as merely trivial needs; but he soon
discovered a way to compromise with the un-
accustomed situation. One day when Abdul-
Baha called, he found his venerable friend
waiting up-on the servant and treating him as
though he were an honored guest. Seeing that
this was only an added burden to Mirza Abul-
Fazl, he had the man dismissed.
Mirza Ab-ul-Fazl's quarters resembled an un-
kept library. There were books on every con-
ceivable shelf and table, and even the floor was
littered with volum-es and pap-ers. His place
was a rendezvous for the learned sheiks and
Mohammedan mullahs of the ancient city of
Alexandria; for he was looked up-on as an
authority on history, Persian literature, higher
criticism and comparative religions.
His favorite outing was a visit to the house
0-f Abcl-ul-Baha's secretaries which was just
around the oorner, and which beside-housing
the secretaries, was used as a guest-house for
visiting pilgrims to Abdul-Baha. Here he
would sit on the spacious veranda; the news
would go forth and soon a little group W0-uld
be gathered about him. On Friday afternoons
a body of young native students from Alex-
andria came to him for lessons in the Sacred
Books of 
To the many who were accorded the rare
privilege of meeting this man of letters, both
during his stay in America and on their pil-
grimages to the East, I ne-ed not speak of his
peculiar personal charm. With axll his book
learning he was not at all "bookish." Gifted
with -one of those rare minds that explore all
the channels of life with e-qual grace and facil-
ity--tl1e same dignity and impressiveness with
which he discussed a verse of the Koran with
the learned sheiks, he put into the meeting of
some sojourning American; often finishing with
a personal p-leasantry, for he was a ready
humorist and made his guests instantly at ease.
H.e had the placidness of a child and the air of
one who was never in a hurry and had plenty
of time to make radiantly happy the place
where God had p-laced him.
That was his attitude toward the world b-ut
in the presence of The Center 0-f The Cove-
nant, Abdul-Baha, with head bowed and down-
cast eyes, he became the essence 0-f humility.
Even his voice, in answer to 
questions, be-came -low and subdued. Never
have I seen such a perfect and instantaneous
agreement of mind and body to express humil-
ity.
One day when I was at his house, there were
about twenty sheiks who had co-me over from
Alexandria to visit him. One who seemed to
be the leader was a very learned and go-r-
geously attired young sheik, who said with
some pride that he had been educated in the
oldest university in the world. He was the
edit-or of a magazine in Alexandria and had
come to interview Mirza Abul-Fazl, who for
more than an hour had been listened to with
absorbed attention. His talk was interspersed
with an occasional jest and his sharp would
glance from one face t-0 another t-o see if his
point was understood. One might imagine the
l-earn-ed devotees in the early Christian era
listening like this to the eloquence of St. Paul.
Suddenly Ab'dUll--B'3h3. appeared. Mirza Abu1-
Fazl faced the door, the rest of us had our
b-a-cks to it and did not see him; the-re was a
moment of silence and Mirza Abul--Fazl stood
with his head bowed, his whole attitude changed.
He immediately ~b-e-came the m-ost humble and
resplectful of servitors. Tfhren quickly arranging
a chair fo-r Abdul-Baha, he told him in a low
voice, in answer to his questions, the subject
under discussion.
Abdul-Baha continued the subject, which was
on the independent search for reality, further
ernphasizing the great necessity of investigating
truth with a mind unbiased by theology or the
limitations of other minds.

