194 STAR OF THE WEST
in carrying out such a plan, the result would
be that not less than sixty thousand ($60,000)
a year would flow into the Treasury of the
Mashrak-el-Azkar.
A copy of_ this letter is being sent to all of
the Assemblies, and to the STAR or THE Wnsr.
We shall be happy to hear from you in this
connection, and to What you decide. All the
Montreal friends unite in sending Bahai love
and greetings, and I am
Faithfully your brother in the Cause,
G. THOMPSON,
Montreal Treasurer and Secretary for the
Mashrak-el-Azkar.
THE GREATEST NAME.
BY THORNTON CHASE.
66 is the Greatest Name of God
revealed to us in this age. God, the
Infinite, who is above ascent or descent,
beyond perception, knowledge or comprehen-
sion, is nameless as far as man is concerned.
A name of anything expresses the qualities
or manifestations of that thing. The essence
of nothing whatever is known. The essence
of everything is nameless. Therefore, the
Greatest Name of God is the Name of His
highest manifested attributes. The highest
appearance of Himself which can be perceived
by any creature anywhere in existence--that
Name is Its meaning is Splen-
dor or The Most Shining Glory. It is The
Most Holy Outpouring, The Radiant Energy
from the Unseen, Unknown Infinite Entity.
Anything to appear must have some one to
see it. No creature of existence can ever see
the Infinite and, therefore, it is impossible
for the Infinite to have a name; but the
Highest Quality or Manifestation of that In-
finite, which can be perceived by any creature
in existence, can have a name and that name
is It is Light.
is the same name on a different
plane. is the name of the Manifesta-
tion in humanity to human kind. is
the name of that Manifestation in His Heav-
ens or Spiritual Spheres.
is the highest, superlative
Manifestation that can be perceived only by
the highest possible existences.
God, the Infinite, is the Pre~Existent, which
does not mean as to time, but as the Cause of
causes. He is not a part of existence. He,
Himself, is outside of all existences, but mani-
fests Himself through all existence as the light
from a flame manifests itself throughout a
room.
He, unknown in Himself, manifests His
Glory through His chosen and prepared Rep~
resentative in existence. That Representative
among mankind is the Glory
of God, the WORD Incarnate, the visible
humanized Word. Above it is the Glory of
God, the Word Invisible, Light Itself.
"Allaho Abha" is the Greeting of the Greatest
Name. It is the Greeting of the Supreme
Kingdom. "Ya Baha el-Abha" is an exclama-
tion. It means: Thou the Glory of the Most
Glorious!
 -i
ABD TO CALIFORNIA.
[Continued from page 191]
everlasting fruit. This is the divine efi'ul-
gence. This is the divine bestowal. This is
the everlasting life.
The teachings are but I state them
briefly, and from these brief statements,
which are fundamental, you must learn the
full teachings.
Praise be to God! We have assembled here,
and the cause of our gathering here is the love
of God. Praise be to God! The hearts are
kind toward each other and the heavenly ra-
diance is resplendent.
I am hopeful that the hearts may be moved,
the souls may be attracted, and that all will
act in accordance with the teachings of


OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue con-
tains: (I) Talk by Abdul-Baha on "Capacity
and Attainment," delivered before the New
Thought conference held in_New York, 1912;
(2) Tablet pertaining to "Universal Peace"
sent to Fifth International Congress in Scot-
land; (3) a word from Abdul-Baha regard-
ing "Untrustworthiness and Unfaithfulness";
(4) Talk by Abdul-Baha on "Oneness of the
Contingent Beings," given at the home of Mrs.
A. Parsons, Dublin, N. (5) Tablet on the
sin of "Backbiting" to Dr. Skinner, of Wash-
ington, D. (6) poem by Badi-ol-Memalik,
of Lohizan, Persia; (7) news from Ramleh.

