STAR OF THE WEST 119
tion we are witnessing, when outer conditions
of humanity are receiving such impetus, when
human life is assuming a new aspect, when sci-
ences are stimulated afresh, inventions and
discoveries increasing, civic laws undergoing
change and moralities evidencing uplift and
betterment, is it possible that spiritual impulses
and influences should not be renewed and re-
formed? Naturally new spiritual thoughts and
inclinations must also become manifest. If
spirituality be not renewed, what fruits come
from mere physical reformation? For instance,
the body of man may improve, the quality of
bone and sinew may advance, the hand may
develop, other limbs and members may in-
crease in excellence, but if the mind fails to
develop, of what use is the rest? The im-
portant factor in human improvement is the
mind. In the world of the mind there must
needs be development and improvement. There
must be re-formation in the kingdom of the
human spirit, otherwise no result will be at-
tained from betterment of the mere physical
structure.
In this new year new fruits must be forth-
coming, for that is the provision and inten-
tion of spiritual re-formation. The renewal
of the leaf is fruitless. From the re-formation
of bark or branch no fruit will come forth.
The renewal of verdure produces nothing. If
there be no renewal of fruit from the tree, of
what avail is the re-formation -of bark, blos-
som, branch and trunk? For a fruitless tree
is of no special value. Similarly, of what
avail is the re-formation of physical conditions
unless they are concomitant with spiritual
reformations? For the essential reality is the
spirit, the foundation basis is the spirit, the
life of man is due to the spirit, the happiness,
the animus, the radiance, the glory of Inan--
all are due to the spirit; and if in the spirit
no re-formation takes place, there will be no
result to human existence.
Therefore we must strive, with life and
heart, that the material and physical world
may be reformed, human perception become
keener, the merciful Effulgence manifest and
the radiance of Reality shine. Then the Star
of Love shall appear and the world of human-
ity become illumined. The purpose is that the
world of existence is dependent for its progress
upon re-formation; otherwise it will be as dead.
Consider, if a new springtime failed to appear,
what would be the effect upon this globe, the
earth? Undoubtedly it would become dis-
solute and life extinct. The earth has need
of an annual coming of spring. It is necessary
that a new bounty should be forthcoming. If
it comes not, life would be effaced. In the
same way the world of spirit needs new life,
the world of mind necessitates new animus
and development, the world of souls a new
bounty, the world of morality a re-formation,
the world of divine effulgence ever new be-
stowals. Were it not for this replenishment,
the life of the "world would become ef-'faced
and extinguished. If this room is not ven-
tilated and the air freshened, respiration will
cease after a length of time. If no rain falls,
all life organisms will perish. If new light
does not come, the darkness of death will en-
velop the earth. If a new springtime does not
arrive, life upon this globe will be obliterated.
Therefore, thoughts must be lofty and ideals
uplifted in order that the world of humanity
may become assisted in new conditions of re-
form. When this re-formation affects every
degree, then will come the very "Day of the
Lord" of which all the Prophets have spoken.
That is the Day wherein the whole world will
be regenerated. Consider: are the laws of
past ages applicable to present human condi-
tions? Evidently they are not. For example,
the laws of former centuries sanctioned des-
potic forms of government. Are the laws
of despotic control titted for present-day con-
ditions? How could they be applied to solve
the questions surrounding modern nations?
Similarly, we ask, would the status of ancient
thought, the crudeness of arts and crafts, the
insufficiency of scientific attainment, serve
us today? Would the agricultural methods of
the ancients suffice in the Twentieth Century?
Transportation in the former ages was re-
stricted to conveyance by animals. How would
it provide for human needs today? If modes
of transportation had not been re-formed the
teeming millions now upon the earth would
die of starvation. Without the railway and
fast-going steamship, the world of the present
day would be as dead. How could great cities,
such as New York and London, subsist if de-
pendent upon ancient means of conveyance?
It is also true of other things which have
been re-formed in proportion to the needs of
the present time. Had they not been re-
formed, man could not find subsistence.
If these material tendencies are in such need
of re-formation, how much greater the need
in the world of the human spirit, the world of
human thought, perception, virtues and boun-
tiesl Is it possible that need has remained sta-
lC0ntinued on page 122]

