STAR OF THE WEST S5
the destruction of 900,000 lives. No doubt
you are aware of this fact. What relation
have these events with the statement of Christ
when He addressed Peter: "Put thy sword
into the scabbard"? Therefore when we hold
fast to the foundations of the religions of
God, all these differences are dispelled.
P.M.: Is your aim to found a new relig-
ion?
A.B.: Our aim is to free the foundations of
the religion of God from dogmas, for the
Sun of Reality is prevented from shining
forth by black impenetrable clouds. We de-
sire to dispel these clouds, so that the regions
of the world may be flooded and illurnined
with its luminous rays, so that these foul
clouds may never return. The rays of the
Sun of Reality may encircle all countries, for
this Sun has no beginning and no ending.
(Abdul-Baha arose.)
P.M.: Our hope is likewise the spread of
such ideals of unity, peace, and concord. We
hope to be your co-workers, and co-laborers
in this field.
A.B.: This is likewise my hope, that the
utmost unity may be established between us,
such a unity which is not ended by separation.
(Abdul Baha went into the library, where
several clergy and professors came to him to
be presented. One of them said):
I desire to express our deepest gratitude
and pleasure on the part of those present.
In reality what you said was in keeping with
facts. Our aim is likewise the establishment
of universal peace and brotherhood.
A.B.: Praise be to God that our aims and
hopes are one, but we must strive to make
this purpose realized.
A Professor: The International Congress
of Religions will be opened in Paris during
the month of Iuly. We hope that you will
be able to accept the invitation to take part in
the proceedings of that Congress.
A.B.: It is nearly two years that I have
been out of Haifa. I must return. After 40
years of confinement and two years of con-
tinual traveling, all my powers are exhausted.
I can hardly speak.
Professor: The invitation of the Congress
will be sent to you, and we hope you will write
a message that may be read during one of the
sessions.
A.B. Very well.
 
ADDRESS TO THEOSOPHISTS OF NEW YORK CITY
Delivered May 30, 1912, at Meeting of the New York Lodge, Broadway and 79th Street
Interpreted by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed
INTRODUCTION BY THE CHAIRMAN.
HIS is something more than the visit of
a great man,--it is a meeting of Eastern
beliefs and Western ideas. I hope Abdul-
Baha will consider us as his own people tonight.
[Reading of address of welcome to Abdul-
Baha]
ADDRESS BY ABDUL-BAHA.
I am most pleased with these expressions of
kindly feeling and evidences of spiritual sus-
ceptibility. Tonight I am very happy in the
realization that our aims and purposes are
one, our desires and longings are one. This
is a reflection and evidence of the oneness of
the World of humanity; intention toward ac-
complishment of the "Most Great Peace."
Therefore we are united in intention and de-
sire. In the world of existence there are no
greater questions than these. Oneness of the
world of humanity insures the glorification of
man. International Peace is the assurance of
the welfare of all human kind. There are no
greater motives and purposes in the human
soul. As we are agreed upon them the cer-
tainty of unity and concord between Bahais
and Theosophists is most hopeful. Their pur-
poses are one, their desires one, and spiritual
susceptibilities are common to both. Their at-
tention is devoted to the Divine Kingdom; they
partake alike of Its bounty.
Today the human world is in need of a great
power by which these glorious principles and
purposes may be executed. The Cause of
Peace is a very great Cause; it is the Cause of
God, and all the forces of the world are
opposed to it. Governments, for instance, con-
sider militarism as the step to human progress,
that division among men and nations is the
cause of patriotism and honor, that if one
nation attack and conquer another, gaining
wealth, territory and glory thereby, this war-
fare and conquest, this bloodshed and cruelty,
is the cause of that victorious nation's ad-
vancement and prosperity. This is an utter
mistake. Compare the nations of the world to
[Continued on page fifty-six]

