STAR OF THE WEST 137
But, however we decide to build it, it is going
to cost something like $25,000 to put in the
foundation. Now that foundation is to be
started within this year.
The means are in the hands of the folks
who have it. God will not take it from them
--it will be forthcoming on the opening oi
their hearts in return of thankfulness to Him.
After we have first matured plans how we
shall act, the way will appear to get it; but we
must not wait for miracles to approach the
rich, nor approach them with specious argu-
ments. Unless their hearts are touched we
do not want to get their money. We must
not in our methods be like sparrows asking
Providence to drop worms down into our
mouths. We want to move the hearts of men
to this movement, we Wa11t this Temple to be
raised as the result of the gifts of men and
women who give what they have and give in-
telligently and who give to the poi11t where the
giving becomes a blessing, not merely that it
takes from them what they would better not
have, but that it puts them to the point where
it makes a sacrifice. Then it becomes a bless-
ing to them.
Now you see where this brings us to? \7Ve
can't put a measure, either a top one or a bot-
tom one, for anybody's giving. N0 one can
be the judge of another in the matter of the
giving. \'Vhether they shall give at all must
not be a matter of our urging--we may pre-
sent the Cause and the beautiful object; show
them that it is a chance for the investment of
their lives, a great opportunity for their spirits
and souls--a great investment for God; but
the rest must be left to God, just as we leave
the teachings. If their eyes are opened, then
let us thank God; if not, "Peace be with you."
This is the point that we have worked down
to, that the giving should be regular and sys-
tematic, and there must be a systematic arous-
ing ot all the friends.
May we hear from Mr. Kinney?
MR. KINNEY: I would say that we outline
some plan in which we imagine that there are
to be a million blocks in this Temple, each to
be put at one dollar a block, and each time
anyone sends in a dollar they are entitled to
one block in that Temple.
THE CHAIRMAN: Can we not hear from
Mr. Hoar?
MR. WILLIAM H. I-IOAR: Inasmuch as you
have called me, I would like to say that I
have been very much impressed with what
our Persian brother and our Brother Lunt
said this morning. I am particularly pleased
with the ideas that have been put forth,
because I myself have been a consistent
advocate of this method for many years. I
have some ideas as to how the money should
be raised. You can't raise a great deal of
money by just exerting a little interest here.
Every single community in America should be
divided and subdivided and there should be
committees i11 these towns and communities
who will solicit for funds, and no matter what
is contributed, these committees will see that
the amount is collected every single month and
sent to the general treasury.
This is God's work, and it is the visible ex-
pression to the world of what we stand for,
and when the world sees that Temple going
up on Lake Michigan, it won't be seen alone
by Chicago, but by the world, that this Mes-
sage has taken root and has watered the
hearts of men.
MISS EDNA When the House
of Justice is established the believers will con-
tribute one-nineteenth of their income. Can
we not now make that a standard for giving
to the Mashrak--el-Azkar? In this way, too,
we could give of our time--perhaps one hour
or one day of each nineteen days to work for
the Mashrak-el-Azkar. Make that a holy day,
a day whose service shall be utterly and wholly
for the erection of the Mashrak-el-Azkar in
this time.
TI-IE CHAIRMANI A committee has been
suggested. We should appoint a committee
rather to put this thing into shape, to go over
the suggestions that have been made, and give
us some practical, digested, comprehensive
statement.
ANNIE BOYLANI VVhen Abdul--Baha
was here last summer, he did not ask the people
directly to subscribe or do anything for the
Mashrak-el-Azkar, but to a certain individual
he said: "The Mashrak-el-Azkar is not pro-
gressing as it should, the people in America are
not working enough for it. Today Persia is
very poor, is disrupted politically, its industries
have been stopped, it is not flourishing, it is in
very bad condition. Persia is destroyed; if
Persia was not destroyed your Mashrak-el-
Azkar would be built. The rich must give to
the point that makes it a sacrifice."
One could see that he was most delicate all
through his visit about speaking and asking
people to work for the Mashrak-el-Azkar, ex-
cept those he knew were so full of it that they
had to speak about it. He said, "Bahais give,
they do not have to be he always

