STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversit of reli ion shall cease and differences of race annulled it hall th fr itle st if 
.0 e,eseuss re,
these wars shall pass away, and the Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IV Ola 1, 69 (March 2, 1914) No. 19
THE DEATH OF MIRZA ABUL-FAZL
THE EYES HAVE SHED TEARS AND THE HEARTS
HAVE BURNED BECAUSE OF THIS GREAT AFFLICTION. BE
YE POSSESSED WITH THE BEAUTY OF PATIENCE IN THIS
MIGHTY 
Telegram from ABDUL-BAHA
referring to the death of Abul-Fazl
FEW days before Abdul-Baha's de-
A p-arture from Egypt to the Holy Land,
Mirza Abuil-Fazl went to- Cairo. Dur-
ing the month of January, which is the coldest
in Cairo, his strength failed rapidly and when
finally confined to his b-ed, he was trans-
ferred to- the house of one of the friends, Aga
Mohammad Taki of Esphahan, where he was
attended by the best physicians and nurses
p-nocurable. But h-e never rallied, and died
on Wednesday, January 21, at f-our o'clocl<
in the afternoon. The attending nurse said
that as he exp-ired she heard him say, "Khodal
Khoala!" [God! God!]. With these Words of
greeting he joined Him in whose service he
had so lo-ng labored.
The doctor pronounced death due to endo-
inflammation of the lining mem-
brane of the heart.
Although he had passed the allotted years of
three score and ten, it was hard for us to be-
lieve this busy life ended._ As no one had ever
met him Without hearing him utter a few
Words of wisdom, it was difficult to realize that
the spirit had indeed dep-arted from the body
that lay before us, silent and irresponsive, yet
smiling and beautiful.
A telegram was sent to Abdul-Baha notifying
him of the death of Mirza Abul-Fazl, and the
answer, quoted above, came immediately.
The body of 0-ur beloved teacher was car-
ried on the shoulders of the Bahais of Egypt,
from the ho-use of Aga Mohammad Taki to the
cemetery on the hill and laid in the tomb
owned by Mirza Haji Hassan Kho-rassani. The
tomb is a large room, in the center of which
the remains were laid, and fragrant narcissus
blo-ssrolms were scattered on his resting place.
T'he friends chanted Tablets and m-any eyes
were wet with tears.
And thuls, on January 22nd, while the Egyp-
tian people were celebrating the inauguration
of the Legislative Council in one end of the
city -of Cairo, at the other end, on a hill, a
group of old and young men, Persians and
Egyptians, were mourning the departure of a
soul Well loved thr-ougho-ut the East.
According to the Moslem custom, a large
tent was erected in front of Aga Mohammad
Taki's house, in memorium of the deceased,
and people gathered there during the night to
hear the Koran read by the she-iks.
At Port Said, Alexandria and Acca the
friends gathered and read Tablets and Com-
munes. Plans are being made to ho-ld a memo-
rial meeting in Cairo on the fortieth day after
Mirza Abul-Fazl's departure.
HUSSEIN A. AFNAN.
Egypt, February 2, 1914.
"Verily, I have come from God and unto Him do I return, severed
from all else save Him and holding to His Name, the Merciful, the Com-
passionate."
Inscription on ring placed on finger of the departed.

