STAR OF THE WEST 13
A THE BAI-IAI (GLORIOUS) MESSAGE
prepared.
tion; their ranks, submissiveness, humbleness, meekness, unselfishness and pure servitude in
the presence of every soul, of whatsoever religious nation and toward every being in existence.
Their religion is to serve the people in the world; their principle is obedience to govern- 
i ment; their teaching is summoning people unto God, the True One; their rewards and
recompense come only from God; they freely offer to people the Bread of Life and freely
give them the Vllater of Life. Let him who hungers and thirsts partake freely of their Table.
Verily the doors of heaven are opened by the keys of the Knowledge of His Holiness,
the paradise of Enlightenment is decorated, the rivers of Inner Significances are 1
flowing, the birds of Sacred Mysteries are soaring around, and the Spiritual Foods are
Blessed are they who do eat! Blessed are they who drink!
THE NEW NAME: 
"Take heed that -no ma-rt deceit/e you. For marry shall come in MY NAME,
saying, I am and shall deceive many, Arid marry false
prophets shall rise and shall deceive many. Then if any man shall
say imto you, Lo, here is Christ, or there; belierze-it riot. For there shall
arise false Christs arid false prophets, and shall shew great sighs and wort'
ders; in so mu-ch that if it were possible, they shall deceit/e the very elect-"
chapter St. Matthew.
"Behold I come qt-liclely. Him that 0-oercometh will I maize a
pillar in the temple of my God and I will write upon him MY NEW
NAME. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith imto
the 
Concourse of the Sari (Christians) Are ye hidden from Myself
because of MY of from the Lawli-el-Akdas.
A WORD TO THE READER:
Many sincere Christians, when hearing of
the Bahai Revelation, classify its Founders
with the false prophets above referred to by
Jesus; some hesitate to investigate its claims
through fear of being deceived, While others
are disturbed when hearing new Names.
To such souls, we say that these very objec-
tions in reality confirm the truth of the claim
of the Bahai Revelation: that it is the fulfill>>
n1e11t of the promises of the "second coming"
with a new Na-me.
To explain: The Spirit (Christ) was care-
ful to state that many would arise in His
in or with the Name, "Christ"
(which came to pass during the nineteenth
century), but in the book of Revelation, as a
further protection, He (the Spirit) was also
careful to state: "Behold I come quickly.
im that or/ercometh will I make a
pillar in the temple of my God  and
I will write upon him MY New 
The following article, 
the Holy Tablet"--which is 
Declaration to the Christian world-is ad-
dressed -especially to those "whom the c0ver~
ing of The Names hath not kept from God."
He asks: Concourse of the Sari (Chris-
tians)! Are ye hidden from llefyself because
of MY 
As this is but one of many points of the
twenty-fourth chapter of St. Matthew re-
ferred to in this remarkable Tablet, We would
suggest the perusal of the chapter before read-
ing the Tablet.
We would further suggest to the seeker for
knowledge the reading of the "Book of
lghan," revealed by work of
about 200 pages--vvl1erein nearly fifty pages
(I8 to 67) are devoted to the interpretation
of three verses of this same twenty-fourth
chapter of St. Editors.

