STAR OF THE WEST 317
At the house of Mirza Abul-Fazl he was an
alimos-t daily visitor. Whenever inquiry was
made for Aiblbas Effendi, as the native-s all call
Aibdul-Baha, the conjecture i-nrvariab-ly was that
he was probably to be found either at the house
of Mirza Aibul-Fazl or in the ro-se garden,
0-ppos~it1e, dictating Ta=b=l-ets.
Abdul-Baha's, lo-ve for his old friend, who
for years had suffered banishment, imprison-
ment and persecution for his faith, was re-
marked by all. He said of him one day: "Such
men as Mirza Abul-Foal already belong to the
Divine Concourse. All his im'eresz's are cert-
tered on the spiritual horizon rather than on
this transitory All his efiorts
are turned toward the heavenly kingdom. He
has no other thought. itch souls are aided by
heao-enly confirmations."
Chicago, February 26, 1914.
MIRZA ABUL-FAZL
By EBN-KALANTER
IRZA- ABUL-FAZL was born in 1844,
in Gulpaygan, a small Persian town,
founded by Humay, the daughter of
Darius I. The family to which his parents
be-longed was one 0-f the most distinguished -of
that city, and, even to the present time, is well
known for learning and knowledge. His father,
Mirza-Reza, was one of the~most noted Shi'ite
doctors of religion i11 Persia; he died in 1871,
at the age -0-f seventy.
In the prime of youth, Mirza Abul-Fazl trav-
eled to Isfahan and Irak, with the object of
perfecting his studies. Even in his boyhood he
was noted for intelligence, sound memo-ry, and
diligence in discovering subtle scientific points,
to such an extent that these qualities seemed to
the people supernatural.
Before he was twenty-two years of age,
Mirza Abul-Fazl had perfected himself in the
branches of Arabic learning, such as grammar,
rhetoric, etymology and composition; although
Arabic is a foreign language to Persians. In
accordance with the wishes of his father, he
also acquired a perfect knowledge of Moham-
medan theology and laws. At the same time
he studied mathem-atics, algebra, arithmetic,
geometry, and astronomy according to the
Ptolemian system. He also mastered the
Aristotelian as well as the rational Mohamme-
dan philosophy.
In October, 1873, he left the town o-f Gulpay-
gan and went to Teheran, the capital of Persia,
Where he took up his residence. A short time
after his arrival, he was appointed the superin-
tendent and profess-or of one of the oldest first
class Arabic Universities of Teheran, named
the "School 0-f Haki1n-Hashem." There, stu-
dents of different sciences gathered around
him and attended his lectures.
In 1875 he became acquainted with a mer-
chant named Aga-Abdul-Kerim of Isfahan, an
adherent of the Bahai Religi-on. As this mer-
chant found Mirza Abul-Fazl sagacio-us and
free from p-rejudice, he invited him to investi-
gate his religion. Although Aga-Abdul-Kerim
had no schooling, yet he possessed a shrewd,
acute mind and an excellent character. He
arranged interviews for Mirza Abul-Fazl with
learned B_ahai teachers, such as his' holiness
the great Nabil, entitled "The Learned One of
the late Haji Mohammed-Ismail of
Kashan, -entitled "Zabih" [sacrificed], Aga-
Mirza-Heydar-Ali of Ardistan, and others.
They continued the controversy and religious
and scientific debate during eight months.
Finally, in September, 1876, after this ample
discussion and tedious argument, Mirza Abal-
Fazl, finding himself unable to refute and resist
the proofs and demonstrations of the Bahais,
and esteeming the evidences of this movement
stronger than the proofs of other religions,
acknowledged and embraced the truth of the
Religion of and became a con-
vert to it.
When Mirza Abul-Fazl acknowledged the
truth of this religion, and-, on account of the
straightforwardness for which he was noted,
could not conceal his belief, he openly pro-
pounded proofs and arguments of the truth of
Bahaism, in his lectures to the students. Con-
sequently, enernies who Were jealous of him,
always waiting to accomplish his downfall.
availed themselves of this opportunity to speak
of him in the presence o-f the clergy and promi-
nent statesmen of Teheran. The clergy de-
nounced him~, and, in Dleoemib-er o-f the same year,
he was arrested and purt in chains b-y the com-
mand of Prince Kamran-Mirza, entitled "Na-
yeb-Essultana" (Prince Regent), the third son
of the late Nasser-Ed-Din Shah, who was then
thevgovernior '0-f Teheran, Gu-ilan and Mazan-
deran. This imprisonment lasted about five
months. As a result of this imprisonment he
lost all the property which he had inherited

