STAR OF THE WEST 173
which there is no source of Truth in this
world. It is The Din-ine Covenant and Abdul-
Baha is the God-apjrointed Center of that
ovenant.
The very fact that the Bahai Cause is the
essence of the Creation of the New Kingdom,
places it, in kind, above all other forces at
work in the world. It dominates all.

In general the human philosophy of man is
this: That by a natural process of evolution
he evolves from a state of human darkness
into one of spiritual illumination. That he has
inherently Within himself the spark of divine
life itself, and this simultaneously develops
without the instrumentality of a prophet or
Divine Revelator, and then through his own
virtues man attains to God's Kingdom.
It is curious that in this age people still
cling to such imaginations when history shows
that each new civilization has had its birth in
a new religion, and that each new religion has
had its quickening power through a Prophet
or a new Manifestation of the one Pre--exist-
ent Word of God.
Mankind has ever tried to create a way to
Divine Grace through means other than those
provided by God. It is recorded that at one
time men tried to build a tower out of the
materials of the earth in order to escape
conditions and arrive at heavenly con-
ditions. 'Confusion fell upon them, and the
affair ended in division and dispersion. 'Ne
look back upon this story of the Tower of
Babel and we see therein a vivid portrait of
the spiritual condition of this world of the
present day.
Before the mind of the world is the idea of
the Milennial Age of Peace with all of its
ideal institutions. Upon every hand institu-
tions are being founded and carried on with
the object in view of bringing about peace
ideals. Instead of using spiritual means to
achieve a spiritual end they are using ma-
terial means! The divine institution of the
Kingdom of God cannot be built with any
other than spiritual means.
Regarding these muiidane conditions which
hold the -world in a state of war, and trouble
from which humanity cries out for freedom,
Abdul--B"aha has repeatedly said that there is
but one power which shall prevail against
them and that power is the power of The
Covenant of God.
God has established His Kingdom. His
Kingdom is the Bahai Cause. This is His
Covenant. It is the stone which has been
rejected by the people of the world, and now
it has become the foundation of "Peace on
earth," having its enter in The Center of the
Covenant.
For-many years Abdul-Baha has been im-
ploring and calling the people to "firmness and
steadfastness in the Covenant and Testament,"
which is firmness and steadfastness in The
Center of The' Covenant which is Abdul-Baha
himself. The reason for this repeated call is
now becoming apparent to the Bahais, for
upon this connection, Abdul--Baha, depends the
wellbeing of the Cause.
Consider: With the physical body its well-
being depends upon the perfect connection or
unity of each of its organs with the heart
from which the life forces are forthcoming.
Abdul-Baha being the center of spiritual life
in the world today, is the heart of the King-
dom of God--the Bahai Cause--so the spiritual
well-being of the Cause (as well as of its in-
dividual members) depends upon the connec-
tion of all the various members with The Cen-
ter of The owenant, Abdul-Baha.
When an organ of the physical body is not
in proper function with the heart, and does not
receive nourishment through the blood, it
ceases to function and dies. 'When a Bahai
cuts himself off from Abdul-Baha, who is the
source of hi-s spiritual life, he dies spiritually
and is no longer of the Kingdom. Therefore,
it behooves all to keep in the closest of spir-
itual touch with Abdul-Baha, holding to his
Word, obeying him in both the spirit and the
letter and never for one instant looking in any
direction other than toward him--the dzTo"z'neZy
appointed Center of The Covenant.
 
There are those individuals referred to as
the nakazeen who, after embracing God's
Truth and associating themselves with His
Cause, have denied The Center of The Cove-
nant and dropped away from the Power of
The Cause. They are as dead--as spiritual
corpses--and from them goes forth to the be-
lievers a poisonous infection from which the
believers must be protected lest they also be-
come infected and in like manner fall ill and
die to the realities of God's Kingdom.
Consider: an organ of the body
becomes diseased the whole body suffers--the
vital forces of the body flow to the ill member
that it be resuscitated and again function nor-
mally. If, however, that organ becomes gan-
grenous or dies, and putrefaction sets in, it be-
comes necessary to use the surgeon's knife.

