174 STAR OF
Thus, even a diseased member must be cut off
from the body else the whole body will die.
When a Bahai is suffering spiritually, all of
the friends should surround that soul with
love, showing kindness and attention upon it
in order to bring it back again into close
communion with there is but
one cause of spiritual disease among the
Bahais, and that is a state of unstability in The
Center of The Covenant.
But when a soul has wholly and completely
severed himself from 
The Center of The Covenant, whether either
openly by Words, or subtly in his heart in se-
cret. that soul is dead spiritually*. It becomes
a dead or gangrenous member of the body of
The Cause. Its condition is infinitely more de-
plorable in this state than before it heard The
Truth while it was yet in the human or the un-
quickened condition of the natural man. When
a soul falls into such a state oi violation of
the Covenant, there is but one thing to do and
that is for the friends to cut it off from the
body of The Cause, for if the friends do not
sever themselves from such an one they will
themselves become infected by th-is deadly con-
dition, and then the whole assemblage of the
friends will become diseased.
In a recent Tablet The Center of The Cove-
nant states:
"Let them (the Bahais) be awake! Let
them be mindful! As soon as they see a trace
of violation of The Covenant they must hold
aloof from the violators."
And again in another Tablet he says:
"Firmness in The Covenant means OBEDL
ENCE so that no one may say, 'this is my
*Po1-tion of a Tablet recently revealed by Abdul-
Baha:
"Convey the wonderful ABHA greeting to the be-
lievers. Chicago, in comparison with the cities
of_Ame1-ica, was in advance and numerically con-
tained more Bahais, but when the stench (vile
odor) of the nakazeen was spread in that city,
there was a stagnation. The Causein other cities of
rimerica is progressing day unto day, but Chicago
is stationary. Therefore, strive that the sweet
fragrance of the Testament and the Covenant
may become difiused, the nostrils of the spiritual
ones become perfumed, the banner of "Ya-Baha-el
Anna" be unfurled and' the tent of the Oneness
of the world of humanity be _pitched. Then ye
shall observe that Chicago has become the Para-
dise ot Anna. These few nakazeen cannot accom-
plish anything worth while. The utmost is this
that they will be the means of the drooping of
the believers of God in that city. .A~person de-
prived of the spirit of the Oooenant is sentenced
as dead. The dead surely disintegrate. There-
fore, breathe the spirit of the Covenant and the
Testament as much as ye can in the hearts, so
that the souls may progress day unto day and
obtain a new exhilaration.
Upon thee be Baha-el-Anna!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by Mirna Ahmad Sohrab, July 4,
1913, Port Said, Egypt.
THE WEST
opinion,' nay rather he must obey that which
proceeds from the Pen and Tongue of The
Covenant."
We Bahais are commanded to treat the op-
poser of The Cause as the friend, and to
shower kindness upon those who persecute and
cause trouble for the. Bahais. However, the
condition of the opposer of The Covenant,
and the condition of the denier of The Cove-
nant are wholly different. The opposer is one
who has not yet been awakened to the Truth.
He is outside of The Cause. and can have no
avail against it, whereas the denier is within
the body of The Cause, and until he is taken
out from the body of The Cause his diseased
condition is infecting the whole body.
Physically a man has nothing to fear from
poisons which are kept outside of his body.
His danger lies when poisons enter into his
body.
Imagine a family in which a death occurs.
Although each of the survivors be in a state
of perfect health, yet it is necessary to remove
the corpse of the departed from the house, for
with the putrefaction of the corpse the disease
contagious would prevail and all would die.
We know that our beloved Abdul-Baha
does not wish any soul to be deprived of the
Bounties of The Kingdom, nevertheless when
The Cause of God is at stake, the individual
who is damaging The Cause must go. Abdul-
Baha recently wrote:
"Such souls are nothing but pure harm to
The Cause of God, and it is very well that they
go out, for the abominable deeds of such souls
are like unto an axe at the root of The Cause."

It is one thing to be merely "attracted" to
the divine teachings of God's chosen revela-
tor, and another thing to become so centered
in His Chosen One as to sacrifice all in His
Path. The first case is only to have one's
attention called to the bounties of the king-
dom; the second is to know and to recognize
The Center of Spiritual Guidance through, or
from, which the knowledge of the Kingdom
proceeds.
In the day of Jesus, the Christ, vast multi-
tudes were attracted to Him and to His Cause,
but of these there were but twelve men and a
few women who believed to the point of recog-
nizing in Him the Glory of God Manifest--
The Christ. This recognition was what quick-
ened the souls of His Disciples and the early
Fathers, and it was by this and by this alone,
that they were given the power to go forth and

