38 STAR OF
it mind, and when they refer to'the animating
essence of the world of creation, they call
it spirit.
The differentiation which we make of these
subjects is as follows: By soul we mean that
power which is the mover of this physical
body which is entirely uiider its control and
lives in accordance with its dictates. Tl1e soul
that lives in the material world is dark for in
the material world there is aggression, strug-
gle, greed, vice and transgression. If the
soul remains in this station, and moves along
these paths it will receive no uplift, but if it
becomes the recipient of the World of mind,
its darkness will be transformed into light;
its tyranny into justice, its ignorance into
wisdom and its aggression into loving kind-
ness. There will be no more struggle for
existence and man will become free from
egotism. He will be released from the mate-
rial World and become the embodiment of
justice, the personification of the virtues. He
will become a sanctified soul and be the means
of the illumination of the world of humanity
and an honor to human kind. He will con-
fer life upon the children of men so that all
nations will attain to the station of perfection.
To such a person we may apply the name of
"a holy soul."
The soul in itself cannot unravel the mys-
THE WEST
teries; but the mind is superior to the soul.
The mind is a power whereby man can inves-
tigate the reality of every object. It unfolds
to his vision the secrets of existence and leads
him on and on to the- station of divine sub-
limity. It frees man from the fetters of self
and causes him to ascend to the pure heaven
of sanctity.
The third power of man is the power of the
Spirit. It is an emanation from the Divine
Bestower. It is the effulgence of the Sun of
Reality, the radiation of the celestial world.
In short it is the essence of the Spirit of Faith
of which His Holiness Christ speaks when He
says, "Those that are born of the flesh are
flesh and those that are born of the spirit are
spirit." The spirit is the axis around which
the eternal life revolves. It is conducive to
everlasting glory; it is the cause of the exulta--
tion of the world of humanity. Again His
Holiness Christ says, "Whosoever has not re-
ceived a portion of the spirit is as dead. Let
the dead bury their dead." In another place
Christ says, "You must be baptized with the
spirit." This Spirit is the life of the world of
humanity; the cause of eternal illumination.
It inspires man to attain to the virtues and
perfections of the divine world.
May each one of you become the recipient
of the Spirit. This is my hope.
INDIVIDUALITY AND PERSONALITY
Address by Abdul-Baha, February 14, 1913, at 30 rue St. Didier, Paris
From Persian notes; translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
ODAY one of those present asked a ques-
tion on personality. From what source
does it come? What are its attributes?
What are its characteristic features or as-
pects?
Personality is one of two kinds. One is the
natural or God-given personality which the
VVestern thinkers call individuality. Individ-
uality is the inner aspect of man which is not
subject to change.
The second is personality. Personality is
the acquired virtues and perfections, with
which man is adorned.
When the individuality of man, i. his
God-given natural virtues, is adorned with
acquired virtues and perfections then we have
character. When the infinite effulgences of
God are revealed in the individual, then divine
perfections which are invisible in all creation
will become manifest in him.
For instance, one man is the manifestor of
knowledge, i. divine knowledge is revealed
to him. Another man is the dawning place of
power, a third is wealthy, another is generous.
Again a person is faithful, and another with
whom you come in touch, is merciful. All
these attributes are God-given and natural in
man.
These are the manifestations of the un-
changeable individuality. All of them are
praiseworthy, because they are divine in origin.
All these qualifications are created by God,
they are loved by every one, for they are the
significances of His names and attributes. The
rays of His names and attributes have
illumined the very essence of these qualifica-
tions.
As regards the personality which is the re-
sult of acquired virtues, that is also good.
For instance, this mirror had once an indi-
viduality of rock. The rock going through
the processes of purification, has reached
to its present status of transparency. Now
the rock in its original state was praiseworthy,

