STAR OF THE 5
never to strive to proclaim those principles
which enlighten humanity. In the sea of 
terialism we are sinking and of the Kingdom
of God we know nothing. are not living
in accord with those precious teachings of
God.
Nearly 60 years ago when the horizon of
the Orient was in a state of the utmost gloom,
warfare existed and there was enmity be-
tween the various creeds; darkness brooded
over the children of men and foul clouds of
ignorance hid the such a time His
Highness arose from the horizon
of Persia like unto a shining sun. He boldly
proclaimed peace, writing to the kings of the
earth and calling upon them to arise and as-
sist in the hoisting of this banner. In order
to bring peace out of the chaos, he established
certain precepts or principles:
of Truth.
The first principle urged was
the independent investigation of truth. "Each
individual," he said, "is following the faith
of his ancestors who themselves are lost in the
maze of tradition. Reality is steeped in
dogmas and doctrines. If each investigate for
himself, he will find that Reality is one; does
not admit of multiplicity; is not divisible. All
will find the same foundation and all will be
at peace."
The Unity of the Race.
The second principle of pro-
claims the oneness of the human race. He
states that humanity constitute the sheep of
God. God is the real shepherd. Vfhen this
shepherd is compassionate and kind, why
should the sheep quarrel amongst themselves?
Addressing all humanity, says,
"Ye are the fruits of one tree and the
leaves of one branch. All the nations, peoples
and tongues are the branches, leaves, blossoms
and fruits of this great tree of humanity."
God -created all; protects all; provides for all
and is kind to all; why should you be unkind?
If God had notloved humanity he would not
have created it. Creation presupposes love.
God is the real father; all are his children.
All the creatures are equal in this one family
of God save whosoever is more kind, more
is nearer to God.
International Peace.
The third principle of the religion of
is in regard to international
peace. There must be peace between the
fatherlands; peace between the religions. In
this period of evolution the world of humanity
is in danger. Every war is against the good
pleasure of the Lord of mankind. Man is the
edifice of God. W'ar destroys the divine edi-
fice. Peace is the stay of life; war the cause
of death. If an active, actual peace is brought
about, the human World will attain to the ut-
most serenity and composure. Vliolves will be
transformed into lambs; devils into angels and
terrors into divine splendors in less than the
twinkling of an eye.
Religion Mu-st Conform to Science and
Reason.
The fourth principle declares that religion
must be in conformity to science and reason.
If a religion does not agree with the postu-
lates of science nor accord with the regula-
tions ot reason it is a bundle of supersti-
tions; a phantasm of the brain. Science and
religion are realities, and if that religion to
which we adhere be a reality it must needs
conform to the fundamental reality of all
things.
Prejudice ust Be Forever Banisheal.
The fifth principle of is this:
that religious, racial, political and patriotic
prejudice are the destroyers of human society.
As long as these prejudices last the world of
humanity will not attain to poise and perfec-
tion. As long as these threatening clouds are
in the sky of humanity, the sun of reality can-
not dawn.
Equality of Sexes.
The sixth principle of re-
gards the equality of men and Women. The
male and female of the human kingdom are
equal before God. God is no respecter of
gender. 'Nhosoever practices more faith, who--
sover practices more humanitarianism is nearer
to God; but between the male and female
there is no innate difference because they share
in common all the faculties. The world of
humanity has two wings, one the male; the
other the female. Vlfhen both wings are rein-
forced with the same impulse the bird will be
enabled to wing its flight heavenward to the'
summit of progress. VVoman must be given
the same opportunities as man for perfecting
herself in the attainments of learning, science
and arts. God has created the man and the
woman equal, why should she be deprived of
exercising the fullest opportunities afforded by
life? 'Why should we ever raise the question
of superiority and inferiority? In the animal
kingdom the male and female enjoy suffrage

