118 STAR OF
out a whole country. In former centuries kings
and rulers have brought under their individual
control many millions of men and have been
thereby enabled to carry out whatsoever they
desire. If they willed to bestow happiness and
peace they could do so, and if they determined
to inflict suffering and discomfort they were
equally capable. If they desired to send men
to the field of battle, none could oppose their
authority, and if they decreed their kingdoms
should enjoy the bliss and serenity of immu-
nity from war, this condition prevailed. In a
word, how many kings and rulers have been
able to control millions of human beings and
have exercised that dominion with the ut-
most despotism of authority!
The point is this, that to gain control over
physical bodies is an extremely easy matter,
but to bring spirits within the bonds of seren-
ity is a most arduous undertaking. This is
not the work of everybody. It necessitates a
divine and holy potency, the potency of In-
spiration, the power of the Holy Spirit. For
example, His Holiness Christ was capable of
leading spirits into that abode of serenity. He
was capable of guiding hearts into that haven
of rest. From the day of His Manifestation
to the present time He has been resuscitating
hearts and quickening spirits. He has exer-
cised that vivifying influence in the realm of
hearts and spirits, therefore His resuscitating
is everlasting.
In this century of the "latter times" 
has appeared and so resuscitated spirits
that they have manifested powers more than
human. Thousands of His followers have
given their lives and while under the sword,
shedding their blood, they have proclaimed
"Ya-Baha--ul-ABHA l" Such resuscitation is im-
possible except through a heavenly potency,
a power supernatural, the divine power of the
Holy Spirit. Through a natural and mere
human power this is impossible. Therefore the
question arises, "How is this resuscitation to
be accomplished?"
There are certain means for its accomplish-
ment by which mankind is regenerated and
quickened with a new birth. This is the "sec-
ond birth" mentioned in the Heavenly Books.
Its accomplishment is through the baptism of
the Holy Spirit. The resuscitation or rebirth
of the spirit of man is through the science of
the Love of God. It is through the efficacy of
the W'ater of Life. This life and quickening
is the regeneration of the phenomenal world.
After the coming of the spiritual springtime,
the falling of the vernal showers, the shining
THE WEST
of the Sun of Reality, the blowing of the
breezes of Perfection, all phenomena become
imbued with the life of a new creation and are
reformed in the process of a new genesis. Re-
flect upon the material springtime. When win-
ter comes the trees are leafless, the fields and
meadows withered, the flowers die away into
dust-heaps; in prairie, mountain and garden
no freshness lingers, no beauty is visible, no
verdure can be seen. Everything is clad in the
robe of death. Wherever you look around
you will find the expression of death and
decay. But when the spring comes, the show-
ers descend, the sun floods the meadows and
plains with light, you will observe creation
clad in a new robe of expression. The showers
have made the meadows green and verdant.
The warm breezes have caused the trees to put
on their garments of leaves. They have blos-
somed and soon will produce new, fresh and
delightful fruits. Everything appears endowed
with a newness of life a new animus and spirit
is everywhere visible. The spring has resus-
citated all phenomena and has adorned the
earth with beauty as it willeth.
Even so is the Springtime Spiritual when
it comes. When the Holy, Divine Manifesta-
tions or Prophets appear in the world, a cycle
of radiance, an age of mercy dawns. Every-
thing is renewed. Minds, hearts and all hu-
man forces are re-formed, perfections are
quickened, sciences, discoveries and investiga-
tions are stimulated afresh and everything ap-
pertaining to the virtues of the human world
is re--vitalized. Consider this present century
of radiance and compare it with past cen-
turies. What a vast difference exists between
them! How minds have developed! How
perceptions have deepened! How discoveries
have increased! What great projects have
been accomplished! How many realities have
become manifest! How many mysteries of
creation have been probed and penetrated!
What is the cause of this? It is through the
eflicacy of the Spiritual Springtime in which
we are living. Day by day the World attains
a new bounty. In this radiant century neither
the old customs nor the old sciences, crafts,
laws and regulations have remained. The old
political principles are undergoing change a11d
a new body politic is in process of formation.
Nevertheless some whose thoughts are con-
gealed and whose souls are bereft of the
light of the Sun of Reality seek to arrest this
development in the world of the minds of
men. Is this possible?
In the unmistakable and universal re-forma-

