STAR OF THE WEST 239
REVEALED BY FOR ABDUL-BAHA
AT ACCA. SYRIA.
Thou MY GREATEST 
Thy letter was surely presented before this Oppressed One, and I heard that which
Thou hast communed with GOD, the Lord of the worlds.
Verily, We have ordained Thee the Guardian of all the creatures, and a Protec-
tion to all. those in the heavens and earths, and a Fortress to those who believe in GOD,
the One, the Omniscient!
I beg of God to protect them by Thee; to enrich them by Thee; to nourish them
by Thee; and to reveal to Thee that which is the Dawning-point of riches to the people
of Creation, and the Qcean of Generosity to those in the world, and the Rising-point
of Favor to all nations. Verily, He is the Powerful, the All~Knowing, and the Wise!
I beg' of Him to water the earth and all that is in it by Thee, that there may spring
up from it the Flowers of Wisdom and Revelation and the Hyacinths of science and
knowledge.
Veri-ly, He is the Friend to those who love Him, and an Assistant to those who
commune with Him!
There is no GOD but He, the Mighty and the Magnified!
REVEALED BY TO ABDUL-BAHA
WHEN ABDUDBAHA WAS IN BEYROUT. SYRIA.
Praise be unto Him! who honored the land of Beyrout with the feet of Him
around whom all the Names revolve. Therefore, all the (created) atoms have an--
nounced good tidings unto all the contingent beings, that the Sun of the Beauty of the
Greatest and ajestic BRANCH of GOD, the and Well Made Mystery
of GOD, hath arisen, dawned, appeared, gleamed and shone. forth from the Door of the
Prison (Acca) and its Horizon, and advanced to the former place (Beyrout). There-
fore, the pri-son land is darkened, while the former is rejoiced.
Exalted! Exalted! is our Lord GOD, the 'Creator of all things and the Maker of
Heaven, by whose Power the Gate of the Prison is opening of which
fulfilled that which was formerly revealed in the Tablets.
verily, He is Powerful to do that which He pleases; the Kingdom of Emanation
is within His Grasp! .He is the Powerful, the Knowing, the Wise!
Blessed is the land which is honored with His footsteps!
Blessed is the which is illuminated by His Beauty; the ear which is favored
with hearing His Voice; the heart which has tasted the sweetness of His Love; the
breast which is dilated by commemorating Him; the pen which moves in praising Him;
and the Tablet which bears His Signs!
I beg of GOD, the Exalted, the Most High, to cause us to attain His visit ere long.
Verily, He is the Heater, the Powerful, the Answerer!

