290 STAR OF THE WEST
ESPERANTO
URIN-G Abdul-Baha's trip through Amer-
ica, England, and Europe, he frequently
spoke regarding the principle of 
of one Universal Auxiliary Language,
even naming this language to be Esperanto,
He expressed a desire that all who possibly
can should work with zeal for the spread of
this neutral tongue.
Now, the Bahais of many cities in the Oc-
cident are studying Esperanto with fervor.
In Chicago, Mr. F. G. Morin, President of the
United States Esperanto Association, through
a deep sense of duty, and out of high regard
for the Bahais and the behests of Abdul-Baha,
is freely giving his .time, teaching a class of
some forty of the Bahai friends.
The Language is very easily acquired. Its
simpleness, conciseness, .unambiguousness, and
yet its beauty, and the varied possibilities of
construction, are unequaled by any of the ex-
isting languages.
The Secretary of the Association, Miss I.
E. Hamand, of Schaller, Iowa, writes that it
is her supreme wish to aid, in every form or
manner, anyone interested in Esperanto.
May the Bahais fittingly, quickly come to the
front, and be in the first ranks in the onward
march of Esperanto, thereby hastening the
spread of the Principles of in
this darkened age of confused tongues.
ESPERA NTO COMMITTEE.
ABDUL-BAHABS RETURN TO THE HOLY LAND
[Continued from page 288]
come all. He sat in a chair at one end of the
room, and most of the believers sat on the
floor. Abdul-Baha was tired so remained but
a short time, and aftera prayer chanted by
his daughter Zia Khanum, went to his room.
Then the ladies vacated so that the men
might enter. To see the faces of those sturdy,
earnest that spoke the fervor of
their faith, the earnestness and resoluteness of
their purpose--was something to remember. I
am sure not an was dry; old and young,
with happiness filling their hearts, could not
refrain from exhibiting their emotion. He
welcomed them, and seating himself on the
floor, spoke to them a short time, after Which
he retired. . . . There were old, tried vet-
erans, Whose lives have been devoted to the
Cause, and courageous, aspiring youths, who
may, some of them, make valiant workers of
devotion. How I wish I could see as many
American men gathered around his feet and
expressing what these Persians expressed!
Abdul-Baha seems to feel best at Acca. He
left here the second day after his arrival, re-
mained eight days, then came to Haifa for a
week and is again at Acca.
Yours, in the service of The Center of The
Covenant' H. EMOGENE Hoaos.
i 
LETTER TO ABDUL-BAHA FROM PROFESSOR CHEYNE OF OXFORD, ENGLAND
[Continued from page 287]
legion. It is an introduction to all truth. . . .
"The religion of Iesus, then, is not a final
but an ever-expanding religion. Not only m-od-
ern apologists say this, 'but virtually the great-
est geniuses of the early period. How is this?
The answer is that there has been in Christen-
dom a succession of religi-ous-minded seekers
after truth who have aimed at extending fur-
ther and further the boundaries of knowledge.
To this belonged in ear.ly times the great com-
pany -of Gnostic theosop-hists; to this belong in
our own days, though without official sanction,
many of the leaders of natural science, phil-
osophy, and history, including the ancillary
study of philology. Yes, these are all prophets;
they declare the thoughts of God; they pre-
serve us from the heresy o-f finality. . . .
"Of none of the great religions can it be said
that its expansion is complete. . . .
"As is the case with Christianity, some of
the b-est possessions [of Judaism] are contrib-
uted by heretics. The hope of the future syna-
gogue is with a reformed _Iuclaism. . . . Like
Christianity, too, it is hampered by Biblical
criticism.
"As Professor Jow-ett said, Biblical criticism
is a phase of the Church's life which has to be
passed through. As the same sagacious c1"iz'ic
raid, the Babite (Bahai) Movement -may not
impossibly tum out to have the promise of the
future. He, too, thought that Christianity was
not the final religion."
--The Editors.
 i
OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue con-
tains: (1) Talk by Abdul-Baha on SS. Ced-
ric, when en route to America; (Z) announce-
ment to Oriental subscribers of the STAR OF
THE Wssr; (3) regarding funds in hand to
meet indebtedness on site for the Masl1rak-
el-Azkar in America; (4) banquet of Jewish
young people's Society of Art and Education,
Chicago; (5) Najame Bakhtar or T1-IE
West].

