226 STAR OF
explain the history of his life. This is my Wish.
I have arranged that there may be placed a
tombstone on his resting place, and have writ-
ten a sentence that may be engraved on that
stone. For I loved Mr. Chase very much in-
deed. His heart was pure. He had no other
aim except service to the Cause; he had no
other thought except the thought of the King-
dom. Therefore he was very near to me, and
THE WEST
at the threshold of he was, accept-
ed. 'The Blessed Perfection has invited him to
His Kingdom. At this very moment he is sub-
merged in the Sea of His Bounty.
Now, I say good-bye to all of you. At five
o'clock I leave the hotel. But I will never for-
get you. You will ever be in my memory. I
will ever pray for you and beg assistance and
confirmation for you.
 
ADDRESS BY ABDUL-BAHA DELIVERED AT DENVER.
[Continued from page 220]
of this love. What love exists among the
Bahais! What unity obtains among these
Bahais What agreement there is among these
Bahais! And what a well-wishing spirit is
there among them! All envy it, and all long
that such love may be witnessed elsewhere,
and that such a bond may be established every-
where. Therefore, to you my first admonition
will be this: Associate most kindly with all.
Be as one family. All of you should pursue
this samepathway. Let your intentions be one,
that your love may affect and permeate other
nations, so that other nations may all love one
another, and all shall attain to this oneness.
The world of humanity is quite dai-k--y0u
are the ones to be radiant candles. The world
of humanity is very poor--you must be the
treasury of the Kingdom. The world of hu-
manity is exceedingly debased--you must be
the cause of its exoneration. The world of
humanity is quite must endeavor
to give it an impetus and progress in advance-
ment, and according to the teachings of Baha,
each individual member of humanity must ye
love and be kind to, as well as yourselves.
The first sign of faith is Love. The
purpose of the Holy Divine manifestations of
the prophets is Love; the creation of phe-
nomena is based upon love; the life of phe-
nomena is due to love; the radiance of the
world is due to love; the well--being of hu-
manity is based upon love; the happiness
of mankind is based upon love. Therefore,
I admonish you, strive Within the human
world that the Light of Love may be diffused.
All the people of the world are thinking of
warfare, you must be peace makers; all the
nations of the world are engaged with them-
selves, are egoists, you should be thoughtful
of others. All the nations of the world are
neglectful, you must be mindful; all people
are asleep, you should be awake and alert.
Thus may each one of you, like' unto a star,
sparkle from the Eternal Horizon of Glory.
This is my wish for you. This is my happi-
ness, and therein lies my utmost comfort and
well being; and for the attainment of these
purposes I have come long distances; and
praise be to God! I have' attended this
meeting.
[Dr. Fareed is very much
pleased with this meeting, and says it is very
good, very good, for this meeting was meant
to be for the commemoration of God, and the
desire of all is good.. Praise be to God! Prais':
be to Gocl!"]
EXTRACT FROM A LETTER FROM RANGOON, INDIA.
The expected visit of Abdul--Baha to our
soil has stirred the believers and all anxiously
await any communication that might be re-
ceived direct from him concerning it at any
time. A recent Tablet announces the advent
to India and Burma of two American Bahai
ladies and an Ame1=ican Bahai doctor Whom
we welcome most sincerely; indeed an Oriental
mind, so sentimental in its nature, feels in-
clined to regard these American friends as
forerunners of Abdul-Baha. We congratulate
our American brothers and sisters for the rec-
ognition their meritorious services to the Cause
of El-Baha have been receiving at the Supreme
Threshold.
(Signed) SYED JANAB RI,
Sec'y Ba/'mi Assembly of Rangoon.

OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue contains:
(1) Talk by Abdul-Baha on "The Glad-Tidings of
the Blessed Perfection" given at Mrs. Philips'
Studio, New York city; (2) Talk by Abdul-Baha
delivered before the Congress of Unitarians, con-
vened at Boston; (3) Tablet in answer to con-
gratulations for Abdul-Baha's return to the Orient;
(4) Announcement of printing and distribution of
the "Seven Valleys" in India, by iwa; (5) Tablet
revealed for Jiwa; (6) Poem by Bassar.

