STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post office at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879Editorial Slaf: ALBERT R. VVINDUST--GERTRUDE BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
i - -- -
TERMS: $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Note -- Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI News SERVICE, P, O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill,, U, S. A.
To personal checlra please add sufficient to cover the bani: exchange.
ill 1' 1 -- or n_-i
Address all communications to BAHAI News SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 
'7 7 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center"of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon fitwtw-F-5'.
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Vol. IV Chicago (September 27, 1913) Masheyat No. 11
TABLET FROM ABD UL-BAHA CONCERNING 
In this issue of the STAR or TI-IE is
given Abdul-Baha's definition of "hyp0crisy"--
see page 191.
Below we print a Tablet, recently revealed
by him concerning "backbiting."

Tablet to Doctor M. G. Skinner, Wasliington,
D. C.
HE IS con!
thou my doctor!
Thy letter was received. Thou hast written
regarding thy aims. How blessed are these
aims, especially the prevention of backbiting!
I hope that you may become confirmed therein,
because the worst human quality and the most
great sin is baclabitii/lg," more especially when
it emanates from the tongues of the believers
of God. If some means were devised so that
the doors of backbiting could be shut eternally
and each one of the believers of God unsealed
his tongue in the praise of the other, then the
teachings of His Holiness would
be spread, the hearts illuminated, the spirits
glorified and the human World would attain
to everlasting felicity.
I hope that the believers of God will shun
completely backbiting, each one praising the
other cordially and believe that is
the cause of Divine wrath, to such an extent
that if a person backbites to the extent of one
word, he may become dishonored among all
the people, because the most hateful charac-
teristic oi man is fau1t--finding. One must ex-
pose the praiseworthy qualities of the souls
and not their evil attributes. The friends must
overlook their shortcomings and faults and
speak only of their virtues and not their de-
fects.
It is related that His Holiness 
my life be a sacrifice to Him !~one day, ac-
companied by His apostles, passed by the
corpse of a dead animal. One of them said:
"How putrid has this animal become!" The
other exclaimed: "How it is deformed!" A
third cried out: "What a stench! How cada-
verous looking!" But His Holiness Christ
said: "Look at its teeth! How white they
are!" Consider, that did not look at
all at the defects of that animal; nay, rather,
He searched well until He found the beauti-
ful white, teeth. He observed only the White-
ness of the teeth and overlooked entirely the
deformity of the body, the dissolution of its
organs and the bad odor.
This is the attribute of the children of the
Kingdom. This is the conduct and the man-
ner of the real Bahais. I hope that all the
believers will attain to this lofty station.
Upon thee and upon them be Baha El-

(Signed) ABDUL--BAI--IA ABBAS.
Translated by Mir-za Ahmad Sohrab, August 12,
1913, Ramleh, Egypt.

