STAR OF THE WEST 177
world with the Light of Moses? Did He not
fulfill the Religion of Moses? Did He not
spread the Book of Moses to the remotest East
and VVest? Christ was the cause of spreading
the Teachings of Moses and promulgating the
Old Testament. Notwithstanding this, the
Iews consider Christ the enemy of the Re-
ligion of Moses,--the destroyer of the founda-
tions of the Law of Moses. The Pharisees
blasphemed Him night and n1orning,--called
Him 'Satan' and 'Beelzebub.' This is recorded
in the text of the Gospels.
"History will repeat itself. will
be assailed in the same Way by those who are
not informed of His principles and Teach-
ings."
THE MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR IN AMERICA: ANNOUNCEMENTS.
HE Executive Board of Bahai Temple
I Unity Wishes to inform the friends of the
Mashral<--El-Azkar that the note due
Sept. Ist, with interest on $9,000.00, Was met,
and that they still have a balance of $327.00.
If the friends will bend every energy, the
remaining $6,000.00 could very soon be
liquidated and the energies of the Executive
Board could be addressed to the sinking of
the great caissons, upon which will rest the
dome of the Edifice. This foundation work
can readily be preparedbefore even a plan
has been decided upon for the building proper,
as we know the dimensions of the main tract.
It will interest the friends to know that we
have been told that the rock ledge (bed rock)
below that site is about 95, feet. An expert
architect tells us, nine caissons, 9 feet in diam-
eter, Will support the heaviest dome' that could
be constructed.
Surely the friends cannot rest day or night
until this sum of $6,000.00 has been cleared
away and preparations made to break ground
to sink the great caissons, or first founda-
tion.
May the Unity gatherings of the Bahais of
the Western Hemisphere, on the 9th of each
month, strengthen the friends to achieve this.
CORINNE TRUE, Financial Secretary,
5338 Kenmore Ave., Chicago.
PORTION or A TABLET TO MR. R0-Y c. VVILHELM, or
NEVV YORK CITY.
"Praise be to God that the New York be-
lievers became confirmed in the accomplish-
ment of a great service and held in that city
the Consultation Convention for the erection
of the Mashrak-el-Azkar. They displayed the
utmost of effort until that Convention Was in-
augurated With infinite perfection. They ex-
ercised the greatest of love and kindness to-
Wards all the delegates who had come from the
different states. They invited and entertained
the delegates in their homes. With perfect
affection they spread before them the banquet
of hospitality. Every one became grateful and
happy. This event will adorn an important
and blessed page in the Bahai 'history. Abdul-
Baha is pleased with every one and supplicates
and entreats toward the Kingdom of 
OJLLAI-I and begs inexhaustible confirmations
for the friends.
(Signed) ABDUL--BAH.A 
Baltimore Hotel, Paris, France, May 22, 1913.
LIST OF LOCAL TREASURERS or NORTH AMERICAN
BAHAI ASSEMBLIES.
New York City, New York.
Miss Annie T. Boylan, 459 VV. 23rd St.
Broolelyn, New York.
Mrs. Annie H. Lincoln, 2823 Clarendon Road
(Flatbush).
Boston, Mass.
Mr. Harry F. Daley, care New England Cas-
ualty Co.
Philadelphia, Pa.
Albert E. Fesler, 2715 N. Hicks St.
Pittsburgh, Pa.
Mr. A. M. Dahl, 522 Duquesne Ave. (Edge-
wood Park).
ortlz Hudson and ersey City, N. J.
Mr. F. G. Hale, 440 Fairmount Ave., Jersey
City.
Newark, N. J.
Mrs. H. M. Saunders, 26 Center St.
Baltimore, d.
Mrs. Ursula S. Moore, I800 Bentalou St.
VVaslm'ngt_0a, D. C.
Mr. Frank J. Phelps; 51 Quincy Place, N. E.
Ithaca, N. Y.
Mrs. Pauline Crandall, 316 Hector St.
Bafialo, N. Y.
Mrs. Henrietta Mills, 494 Elrnwood Ave.
M0at1'eal, Canada.
Mr. Geo. Thompson, 38 St. Mark St.
Clevelan-d, O.
Dr. Pauline Barton--Peeke, Rose Building.
Akron, O.
Mrs. Russell L. Brooker, 798 Bloomfield Ave.
Ciaciamati, O.
Mrs. Ioseph Stauss, 3640 Epvvorth Ave.
Maskegon, Mic/1.
Mrs. Frank Spink, 103% Monroe Ave.
Frm'tp0rt, Mich.
Mr. Nels Peterson, P. O. Box 95.

