74 STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA TO THE FRIENDS IN THE ORIENT
[Continued from page seventy-one]
life be a sacrifice for those who suffered
in their path--what would be the
result?
His Exalted Majesty (the Bab), from the
beginning of the arising of His Beauty to the
day of the Greatest spent days
and nights under severest trials, in the Path
of God; He made His breast a target for
thousands of arrows of calamities, and with
a breast pierced and torn, hastened to the Most
Glorious Kingdom.
The Eternal Beauty--the Greatest Name
of the poison of
every calamity, drank of the cup brimful of
all kinds of trials, made His breast the target
for every arrow, made His neck indebted to
every sword. He was incarcerated in a prison
and was bound in merciless chains. He was
exposed to the derision of the crowds of ene-
mies a11d became a butt for the stones of mis-
creants. He was subjected to chains and col-
lars, and was bound with ropes and
fetters. He was exiled from His native land
and was carried to the land of Bulgers and
Serbs. I11 the Most Great Prison (Acca) He
suffered inexorable calamities and His blessed
days ended in this cruel prison and dark dun-
geon, while a prisoner of oppression and injus-
tice, and He ascended to His Kingdom.
Now, faithful friends and companions of
that Bright Countenance! Is it becoming that
we should sit idle, even for one moment, prac-
tice delay, and seek ease and comfort, so that
we be exposed to temptation and indolence, be
occupied with our own thoughts and lose our
hearts to strangers and kindred? Nay, by God,
we ought not to rest for one moment day nor
night; we ought not to pollute our pure hearts
with the attachment to this world; we must
prepare Divine Assemblies, establish Feasts of
Love, sing the melody of the Most Glorious
Kingdom, accompanied with stringed instru-
ments and with drums and flutes; hasten, danc-
ing and laughing with joy, to the altar of
and offer body and soul, head
and trunk, as a sacrifice!
friends, be loyal!
beloved ones, be firm and steadfast!
imploring ones, trust in God and rely upon
I-Iim!
humble ones, be attached to God and cling
to Him!
Let us encourage each other and set all in
motion. Let us strive to diffuse the Fragrance
of God and engage ourselves in exalting the
Wo1'd of God!
Let us ever be alert through the influence
of the gentle breeze waited from the Garden
of Favor, and enjoy the Sweet Fragrance of
the Garden of Unity!
Let us put enthusiasm and commotion into
the hearts of the righteous, and excitement
and joy into the hearts of the free!
Praise be to God, that the hosts of the Most
Glorious Kingdom are coming together in
large numbers and the Stars of the Highest
Horizon are in uprising and ascension! The
Banner of Guidance is in motion, the Cloud
of Bounty is descending in a shower, and the
Luminary of the Horizon of Significance is
shining! The Feast and the enjoyment of the
Kingdom are in complete harmony, and the
Dawn of Favor is breaking with the Light of
Guidance! It is the Melody of the Kingdom
of ABHA which is descending from the Su-
preme Concourse, saying:
dead one, who art without heart and soul!
Become alive! Become alive!
sleeping one, in the water and clay! Be
awake! Be awake!
intoxicated one, who art witless and gone
astray! Become sensible! Become sensible!
The horizons are full of fragrance! The
eyes are full of light and the East is pouring
down fire! Get rid of body and soul!
The time of sacrifice has come; the Merciful
Breath abounds and the Divine Secrets are dis-
closed! Be a leader of lovers! Be a leader!
The sweet song of the melodious singing bird
from the BRANCH of the Cypress Tree in the
Garden is expounding the problems of spirit-
uality! Be acquainted With the mysteries! Be
acquainted with the mysteries!
ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Translated in 1909.
 -1
OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue
contains: (I) Talk by Abdul-Baha deliv-
ered in Boston; (2) article by Mr. Arthur
Cuthbert, "The Glad-tidings of the holy Cause
of (3) news from 
(4) from from Stuttgart--by
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab; (6) letter from Rasht
by Mirza Ismail Khan; (7) graduation of
Dr. M. I. Basheer, at Chicago.

