144 STAR OF
which they a11d their friends could easily have
gone without? In this day while Abdul-Baha
is with us, being Bahais, let us arise and do
something first through personal sacrifice, and
second, through the creation of practical means
by which beautiful spiritual emulation and co-
operation can be conducted amongst the
Bahais, and let that idea be disseminated
throughout the la11d. If you do, you will see
what a noble and glorious result will crown
your efforts at the end of the year. And
please do not let yourselves be persuaded by
what I as a speaker may say to you, but con-
sult your own consciences, and let your friends
do the same.
MR. HOOPER HARRIS: With the permission
of the Chairman and of the convention, I wish
to say that if the delegates will listen care-
fully to the report as presented, by your com-
mittee, they will find it is broad. They will find
that it includes a- great deal more than they
perhaps think it includes, because it is so well
drawn that it needs study to thoroughly under-
stand just what its possibilities are. It has
been quoted here that Abdul-Baha has said
that when the Mashrak-el-Azkar is completed,
the people will come into this Cause by droves.
Before he left here, speaking to me personally,
for no one else was present except the inter-
preter, he said, have plowed the ground,
but things must be kept in motion," and he
added, "We need teachers; how we need teach-
ers Now, we ought to find the way to plant
the seed in the ground which he has plowed,
and to follow up, in a befitting manner, the
work which he has done. Christ called his
disciples "fishers of men." has
called us "revivifiers of the world." This is
an industrial age. It is a day in which men
everywhere are thinking of great reforms. The
social order of the day is in a transitional state.
Everywhere men are looking for that through
which they see the hope of realizing the
social desire of the age. Is not that social
desire symbolized in this great Temple of
Unity? At the meeting last Sunday Mr.
Hall set forth the fact that the heart-beat of
many peoples in the East and West was being
put into that Temple; that it stood for the
heart of humanity; that it meant the real
solidarity of man. Now, cannot we find the
method of holding before the eyes of the peo-
ple this great Temple as the true symbol of
the oneness of the human race and the hope
of the future ages? It is the symbol of the
great spiritual, industrial and social order
THE WEST
which is the real desire of the people of the
present day.
There is a clause requesting the Executive
Committee to gather together all the data
concerning the Mashrak-el-Azkar and to pub-
lish a pamphlet setting forthithis information
for the use of the Assemblies, the teachers and
speakers. This will furnish us with our am-
munition. Now, as to the use of this ammuni-
tion, the committee has suggested that certain
days be set apart to be observed in the local
assemblies all over the country as Mashrak-el-
Azkar days, when the whole thought of the
people is to be focused on the building of this
great Temple and what it means.
Now, my one practical thought and sugges-
tion in this speech which I have been permitted
to make, is that someone, who has the right,
will make a motion that instead of leaving
the local assemblies to each select these days
for themselves, the national Executive Board
of the Bahai Unity itself suggest the method
a11d set apart the particular clays to be observed,
so that on the same days all over the country
the friends will be devoting their time and
thought to the work of the Mashrak-el-Azkar.
This would not in any way interfere with the
local management of the meetings, and would
be a step in the direction of national unity
and co-operation, of thinking and working to-
gether in the Cause as a people. Let us have
faith in our national body. Let them ap-
point these days when the people all over
America will be working and thinking together
to reach the people of the world through set-
ting forth the things that this great Temple
means to the world of humanity, not by any
means forgetting the thought pointed out by
Mrs. Campbell that it emphasizes the im-
portance of the education of the Woman and
of her mission, for once thoroughly compre-
hended, there is enough in this one thought
itself to revolutionize the civilization of the
world.
Lunt stated the matter had been con-
sidered in committee. The majority of the
committee thought that a fixed observance of
certain days might become fastened in the
Bahai growth and interfere with other 
that it might mean the institution of a fixed
observance. himself was in favor of the
national idea. Mr. Harlem F. Ober put for-
ward the suggestion of Mr. Harris as a motion
--as an amendment to be incorporated in the
report of the committee on the matter of se-
lecting the days.]

