84 STAR OF
casion. About 250 guests were seated at the
tables, which were arranged in a row of five,
branching off from the long table reserved
for the reception committee and the executive
committee and speakers. At the appointed
hour, 6:30, many had gathered, and the uni-
versity campus was enlivened by the arrival of
parties in happy concourse.
At the center of the speaker's table, which
was well nigh covered with the red roses to
become so memorable, Mr. Mountfort Mills
presided, and under his happy and skillful
direction the evening was a perfect joy. At about
7 o'clock the assemblage joined in singing
"Joy to the world! the Lord is come," Mr.
Edward B. Kinney directing at the piano. Mr.
Mills delivered the opening address, describ-
ing the object and nature of the Feast of Riz-
wan, and welcoming the guests of the evening.
After a bountiful repast had been completed,
Mr. Mills read Words of The
musical program of the convention was in
charge of Mr. Kinney, who accompanied Miss
Slater in the next number, a soprano solo,
Words of Abdul-Baha were
next read, followed by a song in which the
friends were again heard in the stirring words
of "Nearer, my God, to Thee Another solo
by Miss Slater was followed by an address by
Eshte'al-Ebn-Kalanter, M. A. K. K., who
graphically presented the meaning of the Riz-
wan in its Persian sense. Mr. Roy C. Wilhelm
read a cablegram recently received from
Abdul-Baha. Mrs. True, of Chicago, followed
with a graceful address. A most interesting
contribution was then given by Dr. Halliman,
superintendent of the Bowery mission, who
expressed his appreciation of the visit of
Abdul-Baha to the mission in April, in
fact, the first place visited on the American
trip was this center of activity. Dr. Hal-
liman also voiced his praise of the friends in
New York who had interested themselves in
the work since. It may be added at this point,
although Dr. Halliman did not tell it at the
time, that on the anniversary of Abdul-Baha's
visit a party of the New York friends planned
to visit the Bowery mission. When Abdul-
Baha learned of this plan he forwarded a draft
for $80, with instructions that, as he had done
a year before, each person attending the mis-
sion on this anniversary night should be given
a silver quarter. This was arranged. and the
money sent was exactly enough to supply every-
one. Thus the spiritual and material bounty
of Abdul-Baha was bestowed anew upon these
human derelicts.
THE WEST
Mr. Bernard M. Jacobsen responded to a
call in a most effective address and was fol-
lowed by the Reverend Mr. Angell, of Brook-
lyn, who expressed a sympathetic interest in
the work of the Bahais. Mrs. Inglis sang by
request a11d most effectively "The Holy City."
Mr. Charles Mason Remey, Dr. Zia M. Bag-
dadi, Mr. Albert H. Hall, Mrs. Annie L. Par-
merton and others delivered brief addresses in
closing, and the beautiful feast was at an end.
Tangibly concluded; yet never ending so long
as memory lasts, and productive of a spiritual
uplift which will cause it to be remembered in
all the ages and Worlds!
Sunday afternoon, April 27, at 3:30, a gen-
eral meeting was held at the Berkeley Lyceum,
I9 West Forty-fourth street. This proved to
be a most happily chosen place of meeting; in
effect a small theater. The auditorium, hal-
cony and boxes were well filled, many stran-
gers being present. Mr. Albert H. Hall pre-
sided, and to those who have had the privi-
lege in the past of attending gatherings under
his direction this assures a spiritual blessing.
The blossoming rose plant which lent color
and fragrance to the stage settings was typical
of the speakers, who unfolded the beauties of
the Rizwan of El--Baha with vibrant force and
resonance which penetrated, not only through-
out the auditorium but deep into the soul of
every auditor.
All present joined in singing "joy to the
world, the Lord is come under the leader-
ship of Mr. Kinney, as before. This was fol-
lowed by an impressive period of silent prayer,
following which Mr. Mountfort Mills read the
familiar supplication "Unite the hearts of Thy
servants." Mr. Hall then read the words of
Abdul--Baha suited to the occasion, followed
by a clear explanation of the Temple Unity
Movement.
A baritone solo "Judge me, God l" (Dud-
ley Buck) was most effectively rendered by
Mr. Frederick William Gunther. This was
followed by a stirring address by Eshte'al-
Ebn-Kalanter, whose message was most direct
and appealing. Mrs. Frederick William Gun-
ther then sang will extol Thee, God."
Mrs. Claudia Stuart Coles, of 
followed, and then "Mother Beecher" read
prayers for the new Chinese Republic, first
explaining how the government of China had
asked the prayers of the Christian world on
this date; a most fitting supplication as a part
of the universal plan of 
Mr. Hooper Harris delivered a characteris-
tically fine address. A sextet, with Mrs. Will-

