STAR OF THE WEST 71
in its fullness in this day that "universal di-
vine mind" whose power is "conscious, not
acquired."
Man's knowledge of God and His mani-
festation in human form is the most profound
of subjects. Vl/"e are capable of considering
it only through the assistance of these Holy
Educators, who have given the World all its
ideals, all its spiritual vocabulary'.
So during his visit to America, in the full
knowledge of conditions and with the utmost
wisdom and insight, Abdul-Balm referred us
to the proofs of his identity as the appointed
Centre of the Covenant a11d the Greatest
Branch, as a protection to us and to the
Cause,--not in revocation of his standard of
servitude so gloriously upraised in the world
--in confirmation, rather than revocation of
that most precious ensign of the Kingdom!
Since the presence of Abdul-Baha in our
midst people are everywhere attracted to the
teachings. It is most important that we
should not make of this matter a dogma to
offend. The self or ego is still so prominent
in the human consciousness that the first in-
quiry of the groping soul for light is, "What
does your leader claim for himself?" Abdul-
Baha assumed the mantle of servitude to
answer this very question. He stands in the
midst of life today as an example, an embodi-
ment of an ideal--the relinquishment of self.
For us, his chosen friends, not to contribute
to that ideal is to retard human progress.
"We must first teach the people about the
Loan of the Covenant, who is His Holiness
Wlieii they become believers
in the LORD of the Covenant, then we must
explain to them the Centre of the Covenant."
We must say: He claims to be the Servant
of God; he is the Centre of God's Covenant
with man in this day. And as the spiritual
perception of the inquirer expands in contact
with the teachings the great station of Abdul-
Baha will unfold to him.
"In giving the teachings we must not men-
tion the violators of the Covenant and thus
render their acceptance difficult." In sharing
this foreknowledge with the friends, Abdul-
Baha has made us partners, as it were, with
himself, has assumed that we are superior to
evil suggestion, and that we will know how
to use this knowledge most judiciously to pro-
tect the Cause.
Let us pray that we may so fully accept
the Divine Guidance in every act of life that
in the moment of test and difficulty we may
stand as pillars of wisdom and strength in
the Cause of God, firm in the Centre of the
Covenant, and, like Abdul-Baha himself, inani-
fest toward all mankind the utmost ten-
derness, for only in this way may we lead
them into the Kingdom.
 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA TO
panions 
FRIENDS Of s1>i1'itual com-
The Lord of the peoples of the world
declares in the beneficent Koran: "And there
is for you in the Prophet of God a good ex-
ample": That is to say, to follow His Holi-
ness is a good example and to imitate that
Real Leader is the means of acquiring success
in both of the worlds. The followers of the
Prophet were commanded to follow Him in
all affairs and manners, and when some
individuals, having recognized this safe path
as the Straight Road, traveled therein,
they became Kings in the Land of the Right-
eous and the Kingdom of the Elect. And those
souls who tried to acquire comfort with ease,
deprived themselves of all bounties and per-
ished in the lowest ditch of despair. Their
days came to an end and their happiness ter-
minated. Their bright morn became dark, and
their transparent cup became full of dregs and
THE FRIENDS IN THE ORIENT
rust. Their uprising star descended, and their
bright luminary set.
But those pure souls who followed (in the
footsteps of the Prophet) shone in the High-
est Horizon as the Stars of Guidance and arose
from the Dawning-place of hopes with match-
less brilliancy. They sat on the Throne of the
Kingdom of Eternity and rested on the couch
of Divine Success. Their traces are clear and
their lights brilliant; their star is luminous
and their attendants are the armies of angels
of the Heavens of Immortality. Their palace
is firm and their edifice is strong. Their light
is illumining the world and their heat is con-
firming the world.
Now judge for yourselves: Those souls
who followed in the wake of that Manifest
Light acquired such bounties and stations!
If we now follow in the footsteps of the Most
Glorious Beauty and the
most Exalted Majesty (the Bab)--may my
[Continued on page seventy-four]

