STAR OF THE 131
Mrs. Marian Potter.C1eve1and, O.
Miss Letty Bennett.C1eveland, O.
Mr. Bernard M. Jacobsen, Del. . . . .Kenosha, Wis.
Miss Ella C. Quant..Johnst0wn, N. Y.
Mrs. L. E. Jones.Anaconda, Mont.
Mr. George Thompson. Del. .  .Montreal, Canada.
Mrs. May Maxwell, Alt. . .  . . .Montrea1, Canada.
Miss Vanda Haake.Paris, France.
Eshte 'al-Ebn-Kalanter, M. A. K. K., Del. . .Pe1-sia.
Mrs. Charles A. Butler, Del. . . . .Huntington, Ind.
Miss Edna McKinney.Phi1adelphia, Pa.
Mr. Harlan F. Ober, Del. . ..New Bedford, Mass.
Mrs. Grace OberBedford, Mass.
DELEGATES ABSENT.
Mr. Willard H. Ashton..Rockford. I11.
F1-ankland..Tropico. Calif.
Mr. George Latimer.Port1and, Oregon.
Mrs. Joseph D. Marques, Del. . . . .Honolu1u, T. H.

Mr. G. Maxwell, Montreal, Canada; Mr. and
Mrs. Joseph, I-I. Hannen, Mr. and Mrs. Louis G.
Gregory, ashington, D. Mrs. Fannie G.
Lesch, Mrs. M. Thumrnel, Chicago; Miss Barbara
Fitting, Dr. and Mrs. U. B. Guy, Boston, and
others.
[The President announced that a sufficient
number of delegates were present to proceed
with the business of the convention. Mr.
Albert H. Hall was unanimously elected per-
manent Chairman of the convention by a ris-
ing vote]
THE CHAIRMAN: I will obey orders. I shall
not try to find my guidance in my own will;
but in the wills of others, we all seek the com-
mon guidance. If you in spiritual consultation
will guide, I shall follow with you.
Bernard M. Iacobsen was unanimously
elected Secretary and Mr. Hooper Harris as
Assistant Secretary of the convention.]
[The Secretary presented his annual re-
port]
Sec1'etary's Report.
Bahai Secretary's
report will be in reality the Executive
Com1nittee's report. It is a very diflicult mat-
ter to make report here in New York similar
to what we might make in Chicago, as there
are so many of the friends here who are not
as familiar with the work as the friends in
Chicago. We will say, however, that the
work of the past year has been devoted mainly
to the raising of funds for the purpose of
clearing the debt of the Main Tract of land
on which the shall stand
and the trustees have devoted the greater
portion of the past year to sending out
letters and devising means to raise funds
in order that the debt might be canceled
while Abdul-Baha was in America, and
it affords us great pleasure to report to you
that the debt on the Main Tract has been
paid. Arrangements have been made for the
removal of taxes upon this land as soon as
we are in a position to begin the erection of
the building, which matter will be taken up
later by your committee. The past year has
been a difficult one for the Executive Com-
mittee to meet our various obligations and
a great responsibility rested upon them, for
when we received instructions from Abdul-
Baha to clear the debt on the Main Tract,
we found we had to raise about $18,000
within a year's time. On June 24th,
I912, the entire final payment of $10,000
and interest was due. We secured a short
extension from Mr. John Bayes, who held
the mortgage and in the meantime letters
were sent to the friends in various parts of the
country, who responded most nobly with their
contributions, thereby cancelling the debt. It
has been the peculiar experience of the trus-
tees that there was always a shortage of
several hundred dollars a few days before
payments fell due. These were anxious hours
for the trustees, but happily they had
always been prepared to tide over these
payments by the aid of financial institutions
in Chicago. We also had a debt of $3,000
due September Ist, I912, upon the Lake
Shore Tract. The holder of this mortgage
is Mr. Peter C. Conrad, of Winnetka, who
has always been friendly to the Cause,
appreciating the work in which we were
engaged and the purpose for which those
structures are to be in order to
comply with the wish of Abdul-Baha, to clear
the Main Tract, the trustees visited and se-
cured from Mr. Conrad an extension of six
months upon this payment, which enabled us
to use all the money on hand in paying for
the l\/lain Tract. Mr. Conrad also said that if
we wanted to buy more land he would gladly
let us use the money again for this purpose.
However, on March Ist, 1913, when this pay-
ment became due we sent Mr. Conrad a check
for $3,000 and interest. Therefore, a debt of
$9,000 remains upon the Lake Shore Tract,
falling clue as follows: September Ist, I913,
$3,000 and interest, after which there will be
two annual payments, one on September Ist,
1914, and the final payment September Ist,
I915.
A great many matters of detail have been
attended by the Executive Committee during
the past year.
Many changes have been made upon these
grounds since we first secured them and a
beautiful bridge constructed entirely of ce-
ment has been built across the canal. have
also gained the confidence of the Drainage
Board trustees, the abutting land owners, real
estate men, and the Village Board of Wil-
mette, and the confidence in general of all the
official bodies that it has been necessary to
meet with in order to carry on our work, and
each one has granted us services and assistance
without placing any hardships upon the Unity.
We have a great deal of work on hand, but
have been unable to accomplish more owing
to the injunction of Abdul-Baha that we pro-
ceed to pay for the land that we now have,
but hope during the coming year some definite
action may be taken to begin the work upon
the buildings. Many of the best architects in
America and Canada have been called on to
submit plans. None of these designs are
accepted as final, but in due time the com-
mittee will take definite action and co-operate
with several architects in order that the best
possible may be used.
Now, in closing, it affords us great pleasure

