20 STAR OF THE WEST
LA Holy Tablet
Canopy of My Wealth. Blessed is the ignorant one who desired the Kawther of My
Knowledge, and the heedless one who held to the Rope of My Remembrance. Blessed is
the spirit who was stirred by My Breath and entered My Kingdom. Blessed is the soul
whom the fragrance of My Union shook and attracted to the Day-Spring of My Command.
Blessed is the ear which heard, the tongue which witnessed and the which beheld and
knew the Soul of the Lord, the Possessor of Glory and Dominion, and the Lord of
Majesty and Might. Blessed are those who have attained. Blessed is whosoever is
illumined by the Sun of My VVord. Blessed is whosoever adorned his head with the
Wreath of My Love. Blessed is he who heard My grief and rose up for My assistance
among My people. Blessed is he who redeemed himself in My Path and suffered tribula-
tions for My Name. Blessed is he who was assured in My Word and stood up among
the dead for My Remembrance. Blessed is he who was attracted by My Melodies and rent
the coverings by My Power. Blessed is he who performed My Covenant and was 11ot
prevented by the world from entering the Court of My Holiness. Blessed is he who cut
himself from all other than Me, soared in the ether of My Love, entered My Kingdom,
perceived the Dominions of My Might, drank the Kawther of My Favor and the Salsabil
of My Grace, and was informed of My Command and of whatsoever was hidden in the
Treasuries of My Words, and shone forth from the Horizon of Inner Significance in My
Commemoration and My Praise. Verily he is of Mine. May My Mercy, Grace, Favor and
Glory be unto him!
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
To the Believers of God and the Maid-servants of the Merciful throughout the World
[Revealed several years ago]
Upon them be 
HE IS 
"Perfume Thou the East! Illumine
Thou the West! Bestow Thou light
to the North! Grant Thou life to the South!"
This verse hath been revealed from the
lips of the Center of the Cor/e1/mm' one year
after the departure of But the
Nakazeen (not understanding its spiritual pur-
port) wondered and derided. Praise be to
God! that now its signs have become mani-
fest, its powers evident, and its proof plain.
Thanks be unto Him! that the East and the
West are stirred into cheerfulness, and
through the Holy Fragrances all directions
are perfumed.
The Blessed Perfection, in a clear text,
hath promised us in the Book: "Verily I
behold you from the horizon of ABHA and
Will make victorious Whomsoever will arise
in the service of my Cause with the hosts of
the Supreme Concourse and the cohorts of the
favored angels." Praise be to God! that this
victory and confirmation became visible and
manifest and hath shone forth from the
horizon of the world like unto the sun.
Therefore, ye friends of God! Show ye
spiritual friends of Abdul-Baha!
forth an earnest endeavor and display ye a
resolute effort, so that ye may become as-
sisted in the adoration of the Ancient Beauty
and the Manifest Light; to be the cause of
spreading the light of the Sun of Truth;
to infuse into the dead, antiquated body of
the world a new spirit; to cast in the fields
of the hearts pure seeds; to arise in the
service of the Cause; to speak with eloquent
tongues; to become candles of guidance in
the assemblage of the world; to become
shining stars in the horizon of the existent
being; to become merciful birds in the rose
garden of oneness; to sing the melodies of
realities and significances; to spend every
breath of your existence in the service of this
conspicuous light; so that in the end ye
may be freed from loss and failure and at-
tain to the inexhaustible treasury of the King-
dom. For the life of man is wholly subject to
danger and impermanency. A person cannot
put his assurance even in one moment's con-
tinuity. Notwithstanding this, the nations of
the world, deceived by the mirage of super-
stition, imagine themselves secure in the
heavenly way. Alas! Alas! Former commu-

