STAR OF THE WEST 207
Both wings must become strong, so that man-
kind may soar to 'the empyrean realms of its
destined perfection. But if one wing is left
Weak and the other strong, its upward flight
will be slow. God hath created both human.
They share together and in common all the
faculties. No one is endowed with special
privileges. How can we make a distinction
which is unknown in the sight of God? We
must follow the policy of God.
Moreover, there is male and female in the
vegetable kingdom. They are on an equal foot-
ing. Inherently they enjoy suffrage and there
is no distinction between them. *Likewise in
the animal kingdom the right of suffrage and
equality is enjoyed without any feeling of su-
periority of privilege. Therefore, it is well
known that there is no distinction of gender
in the vegetable and animal kingdoms, although
they are deprived of the faculty of reasoning,
and they have not the power of distinguishing.
How can we, who are confirmed with the be-
stowal of reason, and enjoy" all the facilities
with which man is distinguished from the
animal, act in this manner and build these
false barriers? Many women have appeared
who have won for themselves fame and name,
for the versatility of their intellects and the
brilliancy of their thoughts. Amongst the
Bahai women many have shown remarkable
capability in literature, sciences and arts, and
have rendered distinguished service in every
department of life.
In history many capable women appear who
have displayed special genius in government
and political administration, such as Semiramis;
Zenobia, Queen of Palmyra, and Queen Vic-
toria, of England. In the religious 
Israelites wandered for forty years in 'the
wilderness and could not conquer the Holy
Land. Finally a woman achieved the signal
victory. During the Christian dispensation
the apostles became agitated after the Cruci-
fi'xion of Jesus; even Peter denied Him thrice,
but Mary Magdalene became the cause of their
becoming firm and steadfast. In the Religion
of Kurat-el-Ayn and many
other Persian women demonstrated their
knowledge and wisdom to such an extent that
even the men were astonished, and listened to
their advices and lectures.
Correspondent: What is your object in 'com-
ing to America?
ABDUL-BAHAI I have come to America to
promote the ideal of Universal Peace and the
solidarity of the human race; I have not come
For pleasure or as a tourist.
C0r'resp0ndem'.' What do you think about
won1en's fashions?
ABDUL-BAHA: We do not look upon the
dresses of women, whether or not they are of
the latest mode. We are not the judge of
fashions. We rather judge the wearer of
dresses. If she 'be chaste, if she be cultured,
if she be characterized with heavenly morality,
and if she be favored at the Threshold of God,
she is honored and respected by"us, no matter
what manner of dress she wears. have
nothing to do with the ever-changing world of
modes.
Corresjvondent: What is the greatest thing
you have seen in America?
ABDUL--BAHAZ The greatest thing I have
seen in America is its freedom. In reality this
is a free nation and a democratic government.
What is your opinion about
Turkey and the Balkan War?
ABDUL--BAHA2 We have nothing to do with
war. We are advocates of peace. Speak
to us about the condition of peace. Go to
diplomatists and militarists and ask their opin-
ion- about this war. But as regards peace:
In the world o-f humanity there is no more im-
portant affair, no weightier cause. It "is con-
ducive to the well-being of the world of
creation; the means of the prosperity of the
nations; the reason of eternal friendship be-
tween the people; the cause of solidarity be-
tween the East and the West; the promoter of
real freedom, and the Most Eminent Favor of
His Highness the Almighty. We must all strive
to upraise the flag of international peace, the
oneness of the world of humanity and the
spiritual brotherhood of mankind.
[The correspondent tried to ask a few more
questions, but Abdul-Baha interrupted him by
this final statement while putting his hand on
his shoulder and kissing his facez]
Consider how much I love thee, and to what
extent I respect Mr. Hearst, that notwithstand-
ing the fatigue coming over me as the result
of a very busy day, I have answered all thy
questions.
OUR SECTION this issue contains:
(1) Address by Abdul-Baha on the "Oneness oi?
Divinity," delivered at the First Unitarian
Church, Philadelphia, Pa.; (2), Tablet regarding
"Divine Guidance"; (3) Tablet regarding a
gathering of Jewish and Mohammedan women;
(4) Tablet pertaining to "Calamities in the Path
of God (5) Tablet to the Parsee friends; (6)
Tablet regarding teaching; (7) glad-tidings from
liamleh, Egypt.

