STAR OF THE 
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second--class matter April 9, 1911, at the post oflicc at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3. 1879.
Editorial Sfaf: ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
inli TERMS: $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Maire Money Orders payable to NEWS SERVICE, P, O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill" U, S. A.
To personal checks please add suflicient to cover the bank exchange.
I I Address all communications to EAHAI SERVICE, P. O. BoxE83, Chicago, I
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAI-IA.
thou Star of the West! nu 1s cop! 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame_ will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmnes.s', firmness.
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Vol.*IfiV i pi Mulk*1,,69 (February 7, 1914)  No. 12$
IS THE ORSHIPPED ONE OF 
"Regarding the phrase IS written above the Tablets. By
this Word is intended that no one hath any access to the Invisible Essence.
The way is barred and the road is imp-assable. In this world all men must
turn their faces toward He is the Dawning-
place of Divinity and the Manifestation of Deity. He is the Ultimate Goal,
the Ado-red One of all and the Worshipp-ed One of all. Otherwise, whatever
flashes through the mind is not that Essence of essences and Reality of
realities; nay, rather it is pure imagination woven by it
returns finally to the realm of suppositions and conjectures."

HE Reality of the Divine Entity is holy
above comprehension, beyond definition,
and far from the reach of imagination,
for that which is imagined is finite, of man;
While the Divine Entity is Infinite.
It is evident, then, that what is imagined is
a phantasm of the creature mankind),
and is not the the Essence of
Divinity is beyond human imagination. T-here~
fore, people Worship an imagination, for they
have conceived a "God" in the realm of imag~
ination and "Him" they worship.
If you ask a soul when he is praying,
"Whom art thou worshipping?" he will say,
"God." "Which God?" "The God of my
in truth, what he imagines
is not GO-D. Hence, people are worshippers
of imaginations and ideals.
Consequently, there is no pathway for man
except the Holy Manifestation, for as has
been said, the Essence of Divinity is pure, is
holy, and cannot be brought into the World
of ideas.
That which can be brought into the world
of ideas is the Holy and Divine Manifestation.
Fm*fh@1' than this, MAN I-IAS NO OTHER
POINT FOR COIWCENTRATION. If he
exceed that bound, it will be an imagination.
Therefore, in this world the Holy Being of
the Manifestation is in reality the "Adored
O-we of all and ilze One of all."
in a word: J5 
--T/1e Editors.
*See definition of the phrase IS Goo!" in Table
Talks by Abdul-Baha, compiled by Mrs. Corinne True;
also, Tablets of Abdul-Baha, pages 485 and 562; also
editorial, Wo1'd to the Reader," in No. 14, V01.
STAR or rm: Wssr.

