STAR OF THE WEST
19
LA Holy Tablet.
[Continued from page fifteen]
of thy Lord the Possessor of Names. Blessed are those who draw nigh to G01) the Lord
of the Day of judgment.
Concourse of Monks! If ye follow Me I will appoint ye heirs of My Kingdom,
and if ye disobey Me, in My forbearance I will endure it patiently: verily I am the For-
giver and the Merciful.
land of Syria! Where is thy righteousness? Surely thou hast attained the honor
of the Feet of thy Lord. Have ye discovered the fragrance of Union, or are ye of the
heedless? Bethlehem is even now stirred by the Breeze of G01). I hear its call, saying
generous Lord, where is Thy Great Glory established? The Breaths of Thy Union
have already quickened me after being melted because of my separation. Praise be unto
Thee for Thou hast uncovered the veilings and hast come with power in manifest glory."
We called unto it from behind the Canopy of Majesty and Greatness: Bethlehem!
This Light hath already appeared from the Orient and hath journeyed toward the Occident
until it -came unto thee in its latter days. Then tell Me: do the children know THE FATHER
and confess Him, or do they contradict Him as the people contradicted Him before?"
Thereupon its cry arose and said hou are the Knowing, the All-Informed."
Verily We testify that all things bear witness to Us, whereof some know and bear
witness, but the majority bear witness and know not. Mount Sinai already shakes with
the shock of Meeting, and hath raised its sweet call to the remembrance of its Lord the
ABBA (the Most Glorious) and saith: my Lord, I perceive the fragrance of Thry
Garment as Thou hast approached with Signs and hast honored these countries by
Thy Feet. Blessing be unto Thy people it they know Thee and discover Thy Fragrance,
and woe unto those who sleep!
Blessing be unto thee, thou who hast approached the Face, for thou hast torn off
the coverings, broken the idols and known thy Pre--Existent Lord. Surely the people
of the Koran have stood against Us without any proof or argument, and have tortured
Us at every instant with a new torment, supposing verily that calamities will prevent
Us from that which We have desired; but what they suppose is false. Verily thy Lord
is Powerful in that which He desireth.
I passed not by any tree, except My mind addressed it: "Would that thou wert cut
down in My Name and that My Body were crucified upon thee." This is that which
We have revealed in the Book of the King (Shah of Persia), that it may be a remembrance
of Me to the people of religions. Verily thy Lord is the Knowing, the Wise.
Verily grieve thou not for all they have committed. Verily they are dead and not
living; leave them to the dead and turn thy face to the Reviver of all creatures. Beware
lest thou art grieved by the sayings of those who have neglected. Be steadfast in the
Cause and teach the people with great Wisdom. In such wise commandeth thee the Lord
of the earth and heaven. Verily He is the Mighty and the Generous.
G01) shall soon exalt thy remembrance and will establish whatsoever thou hast spoken
111 His Love with the Supreme Pen. Verily He is an Assister to the charitable.
Remember from My Part he who is named Murad, and say: "Blessing be unto thee,
Murad, who hath cast away thy desire and seized the Desire of all the creatures."
Say: Blessed is the sleeper who is awakened by My Breezes. Blessed is the dead
who is quickened by My Breaths. Blessed is the that is enlightened by My Beauty.
Blessed is the seeker who sought the tent of My Majesty and My Greatness. Blessed
is the affrighted one who took refuge under the shadow of My Domes. Blessed is the
thirsty one who hastened to the Salsabil of My Favor. Blessed is the hungry one who
hastened away from desire because of My Passion, and was present at the Table that
descended from the Heaven of My Grace for My elect. Blessed is the lowly one who
held to the Rope of My Might, and the poor who took shelter under the shade of the

