254 STAR OF THE WEST
called, The Words of Paradise,
contains special teachings. Again the Tablet
of Tajalliat contains special teachings by
Similarly, all the other Tablets
of co-ntain new teachings which
have not been revealed in any Books and
Epistles o-f the past Prophets. Likewise in the
Book of Akdas there are new teachings which
are not to b-e found in any of the past Boo-ks
or Epistles. When you peruse those teachings
you shall comprehend this fact.
Now I s-hall speak of a few of those
teachings. For instance, the Oneness of the
world of humanity is one of the teachings of
for addresses Him-
self to the world of men, saying, "Y-e are all
leaves of one tree an-d the fruits of -one arbor."
That is, the W0-rld of existence is no other
than -one tree, and the nations or peoples are
like unto the different b-ranches o-r limbs there-
of, and human individuals are similar to the
fruits and blossoms thereof. Thus 
LLAH presented the Oneness of the wo-rld of
humanity, while in all past religious Books
and Epistles, the world of humanity has been
divided into two parts: one called the people
of the Book, or the Pure Tree, and the other,
the Evil Tree. One-half of the people of the
World were looked upon as belonging to the
faithful, and the other half as belonging to
the irreligious and the infidel; o-ne-half of the
peop-le were consigned to the -mercy of their
Creator, and the other half were considered
as objects of the wrath of their Maker.
But His Holiness, proclaimed
the Oneness of the world of humanity, and
this teaching is specialized to the teachings of
for He submerged all mankind
in the Sea o-f Divine Generosity. At m.ost
some of the people are asleep-, they need to be
awakened; some of them are ill, they need to
be healed; some are children, they need to be
trained. In a wo-rd: this teaching is a special
one of the teachings of 
As to the second teaching which is a new
one given by it is the injunction
to investigate is, no man should
follow blindly his ancestors and forefathers.
N-ay, each must see with his own eyes, hear
with his own ears, and investigate Truth in
order that he may find the Truth ;--whereas
the religion of forefathers and ancestors is
based upon blind imitation, while man should
investigate the Truth. This again is one of
the teachings of 
The third teaching of which is
new for this Dlay, is that the foundati-on of all
the Religions of God is One, and that Oneness
is the Truth, and the Truth is but One, and it
cannot be made plural. This teaching is again
special to 
The fourth teaching o-f which
is special for this Day, is that religion must
be the cause of unity, harmony and accord
amongst men. If religion be the cause of in-
harmony, or leads to separating men one from
the other, and creates conflict amongst them,
then irreligion is better than that religion.
This again is likewise one of the teachings of

The fifth teaching of which
is new f-or this Day, is that religion must be
in accord with science and reason. If re-
ligion is not in conformity with science and
reason, then it is superstition. This is one of
the teachings of Down to the
present day it has been customary for man to
accept a thing because it was called religion,
even though it were not in acco-rd with judg-
mentor human reason.
The sixth new teaching of is
the equality between men and women. This is
peculiar to the teachings of for
all other religions placed men above women.
The seventh of the teachings of 
which is new for this Day, is that prejudice
and fanaticism, whether religio-us, sectarian,
sectional, denominational or patriotic,--are de-
structive of the foundation of the human solid-
arity, so that man should re-lease himself from
such bonds in order that the Oneness of the
World o-f humanity might become manifest.
The eighth of His teachings is Universal
Peace; that all men and nations shall make
peace amongst them-; that there shall be Uni-
versal Peace amongst governments, Universal
Peace amongst religions, Universal Peace
amongst races, Universal Peace amongst the
denizens of all regions. This is one of the
special characteristics of the Revelation of

The ninth o-f -these special teachings is that
all mankind should partake of both knowledge
and education, and this partaking of knowl-
edge and of education 1s one 'of the necessities
of religion. This again is one of the special
characteristics of the teachings of 
LLAH.
The tenth teaching is the solution of the
economic questi-on. For no religious books
of the past Prophets speak of the economic

