270 STAR OF
becomes exhausted, the people grow cold in
faith; religion becomes material instead of
spiritual in proportion as the temporal power
of its institution increases. This is the win-
ter season of a religious dispensation; a time
of spiritual famine in the land! Then arrives
another Springtime of Spirituality. The Sun
of Truth again appears in its Singleness from
another dawning-point upon the spiritual hori-
zon, and a new Divine day, or dispensation, is
assured in the One, same, Single and Eternal
Word of God again going forth to humanity
from a new point of Divine Manifestation.
God's Message in its Oneness and Singleness is
again given to all peoples great and small. His
Word creates Divine susceptibilities and quick-
ens souls hitherto dead, while those in whom
the love of God exists, spring into new life,
for they are those who are of Him, and in
whose hearts abides His love; while other
souls apparently as good, and often from the
world's standpoint apparently better, do not
respond. Those who do not respond, have no
life in them; they remain in a condition of
spiritual death which is one of Divine darkness
or winter, and even the revealed Truth of the
past avails them nothing. The world soon
sees such souls in manifest loss, for even in
this World are the spiritually alive and the
spiritually dead souls differentiated one from
another. There is but One Source of Divine
Light. It is a single source.
Humanity has no choice of dawning-points.
There is but One in each age. God appoints
and prescribes the way. Man can accept and
he may reject or refuse and thus cut himself
off! Sacred history proves this point. For
example: when God's Word was manifested
in Jesus the Christ, it was the best of the
people, from the world's standpoint, who re-
fused Him; while those who were of no
account accepted Him and became the
pillars of His cause. Theirs was the Divine
blessing, and we find mention made of them
down through the ages, while the great
of those days are in disfavor or entirely for-
gotten, because they preferred the former to
those present--day Revelations, and thus be-
came entirely deprived of the Truth.
Another important point is that in springtime
the dead trees and plants in which there is
no life are cleared away and consigned to
the fire. So is the coming of a new day of
Revelation: the people who are spiritually
alive, are given more life, while all of the dead
religions and philosophies, like dead wood,
must be discarded. If this is not done, the
THE WEST
past teachings will become a hindrance and a
stumbling block to the growth of the New
Cause, for were this year's tree held within
the confines of the dimensions of its growth
of last year, it could not expand nor grow.
It must be free to- develop the life within it to
manifest without restriction.
So it is with the newly quickened souls
in each Divine dispensation. They must de-
tach themselves absolutely from all the phi-
losophies, creeds and theologies of the past,
so that the Spirit of God working and devel-
oping in their souls may grow according to
the wisdom and laws of God, and not fear
the scars and wounds of the stifling effects of
human limitations.

There are two aspects to every Divine Reve-
lation (1) The purely spiritual Light or Divine
teaching. This is ever one and the same,
eternal and unchangeable. (2) The commands,
laws and ordinances laid upon the people by
the Manifestation. These are unchangeable
during each dispensation, but end with the
close of the dispensation and the beginning
of a new disp-ensation,
Each Manifestation' has manifested the one
eternal and single Truth, and each has applied
that Truth to the world according to com-
mands, laws and ordinances always commen-
surate with the conditions of humanity to
which He ministered. The spiritual welfare
of the people in each age has depended upon
their discarding all past ordinances, and teach-
ings of former dispensations (save those which
may have been required or reiterated by the
Manifestation of the day), and by adhering
only and wholly to His commands.
The seed takes root in the earth which is
disintegrated from the hard, stony substances
of the earth's surface. A seed will not grow
when embedded in a perfect and beautiful
stone. The stone must first sacrifice its condi-
tion of hardness and mineral perfection and
become as dust before the seed will grow
therein.
So it is with the seed of the Word of God.
When this seed is offered to one of a hard
heart, it does not take like the seed
of the plant it grows only in prepared soil.
This soil it finds in the souls of those who
through sorrow and tribulation have been
crushed and broken and who, like soft, rich
earth, are penetrable and can absorb the water
of the spiritual life which is The Love of
God. There are those who have forsaken
human aspirations and desire God, and are

