138 STAR OF THE WEST
added that if Persia today were in better con-
dition the Mashrak-el-Azkar would be built.
Then he spoke about the Mashrak-el-Azkar in
Ishkabad, the way it was built; hoW_ one
woman knitted socks for fifty cents a day and
gave twenty-five cents to the Mashrak--el-
Azkar; a poor man gained by his labor, say, a
dollar a day and fifty cents of it went to the
Mashrak-el-Azkar. This was the way the
Mashrak-el-Azkar was built in Ishkabad, and
I gathered that the Mashrak-el-Azkar in
America must be built in somewhat the same
fashion.
MRS. PARMERTONI Now we have heard a
great deal of what we think, and I want to
read a few words from one who knows.
[Mrs P. read from a,Tablet by Abdul-Baha
commencing: "Now the day has arrived in
which the edifice of God, the Divine Sanctu-
ary, the Spiritual Temple, shall be erected in
America," etc., and concluding, "Notice the
sign which shall soon appear in those regions
and then your searching heart shall be as-
sured."] I wonder if any of us have noticed
the sign in the past year? Have you noticed
the true gardener walking back and forth on the
ground of America, opening every door that
each and every one of us may have the blessed
privilege of arising to his call and command?
He has opened every door and has called us
to arise and build this Temple; he has made
it possible, too, that we may be his co-sharers
through God's good pleasure. Now the Ba-
hais know that the one who has the power to
open every door, has also the power to close
every door to us, and while he is with us
let us enter into the way he has prepared,
for we know truly that there is no other way
than obeying his commands.
[The Chairman called on Dr. Bagdadi]
DR. We are thinking about how
to build, how to advance the Mashrak-el-
Azkar, but have we ever thought how to re-
sist the obstacles that are confronting us?
One of them is that some of the friends think
that the Mashrak-el-Azkar should be in their
city; that it would"be better in their city, or
that it would make a difference if it were in
Chicago or in New York or in some other
city. Now this is one of the obstacles. Prob-
ably those who have thought this may have
been misled. Now, if, when the friends go
back to their cities, they make it thoroughly
understood that it makes no difference in what
state or what city it is, -and therefore why
should not each and every one contribute
money, perhaps that obstacle Will be removed.
Now, when we go back, let us make this as an
agreement: to tell them that there is no better
work than the Mashrak-cl-Azkar. Say to
them, the Mashrak-el-Azkar at Ishkabad was
in Russia. Why in Russia? Because in Per-
sia we had not the liberty to build it; but the
Persians did not say, "It is in a different
they intend to worship the name
of no matter where it is. This
Mashralnel-Azkar is of America.
MR. OBER: In one of his first Tablets on
the subject, Abdul-Baha said in effect that
many people would consider the Mashrak-el-
Azkar as a Temple, and then proceeded to
show that it was not simply a Temple, but a
Mashrak-el-Azkar, with a Temple in the cen-
ter with various points of service round
about, and set no limitation on these points of
service. It seems apparent from the discus-
sion today that there are two points of view,
and we have first one side and then the other.
First and most apparent the view advanced
was the necessity for the confirmation of the
Spirit, the outpouring of the Spirit through
revolving around Abdul-Baha, the CENTRE
or THE COVENANT. The other point was the
practical application by us of that Spirit in
order to bring forth results which are perma-
nent. So we have first one side emphasized
and then the other.
The essential thing, it seems to me, is that
we establish a plan that is always going to
work. We have had here in America some
difficult experiences in-the matter of pledges.
Though our means were small, the pledges
were big as our eyes saw at
the time, and then afterwards we would find
that we could collect only a small proportion.
There is no use in duplicating our experiences
in that matter.
There is something to be learned from
the growth of trees. A man makes an invest-
ment in a piece of land; there are some small
trees and he plants more trees; they grow in
the night, and keep on growing all the time.
Now there are some who feel that we would
lose in personal and spiritual responses if we
inaugurated a system; but the suggestion has
been made to focus on this so that we may
have individual expression, and it occurs to
me that it is possible, in the contemplation of
big affairs, to entirely overlook some small
thing, and after so many large schemes have
been promulgated, we feel some modesty
about advancing a small one. But the im-
portant thing is that we should have a sure
income, and that the Board of the Unity, the

