STAR OF THE WEST 21
nities in bygone ages entertained the same per-
ishing thoughts; but by one of those periodical
fluctuations they were all hidden under the
ground, and afflicted with deprivation and loss,
except those souls who had become pure evan-
escence and had arisen with a great self-ab-
negation in the path of God. Such souls shine
forth as brilliant stars from the horizon of
the Ancient Glory, and the results which ema-
nated from their lives in succeeding ages and
cycles are the proofs of this statement. There-
fore, do not ye rest, neither day nor night;
seek not ye for composure; talk ye of the
mystery of servitude, and seek ye the path of
thralldom; so that through the promised con-
firmations ye may receive assistance from the
Kingdom of Oneness.
ye friends! Dense and gloomy clouds
have covered the horizon of the world, and
the darkness of hatred, malignity, persecution,
tyranny and the greatest cruelty is spreading.
All the people are drunk with the wine of
heedlessness; and bloodthirstiness and rapa~
ciousness are considered the noblest excellen-
cies of the world of men.
His Highness the Almighty hath chosen the
friends from among the concourse of men
and hath especialized them with the most
eminent guidance and the highest gift; so that
we may with our souls and hearts exert our-
selves, sacrifice our lives, be engaged in the
guidance of the people and the training of
souls; so that the wild beasts may become the
gazelles of the meadows of unity; the wolves
the sheep of God; the bloodthirsty ones the
heavenly angels; the fire of malice be ex-
tinguished and the flame of safety in the
blessed tabernacle bestow illumination; the
odor of the nether realm of infidelity be dis-
pelled and the fragrances of the rose garden
of faithfulness be diffused in all parts; the
weak draw light from the Universal Reason
and evil souls seek to be purified With the
holy and divine Breath. There are needed
manifestors for this gift; farmers for this
field; gardeners for this rose garden; fishers
for this sea; luminous stars for this heaven;
spiritual physicians for these ill ones, and lov-
ing guides for these wanderers; so that they
may bestow a share on those who are deprived,
grant a portion to those who are shareless,
give unmeasured treasure to the indigent ones,
and show forth the power of proof to the
seekers.
Glory be unto Thee, my God! I suppli-
cate unto Thee, Thou my Helper! I in-
voke Thee, Thou my Refuge! I utter to
Thee my agonies, Thou my Physician, and
entreat Thee with all my heart, my soul and
my spirit, Saying! 0 my God! my God!
Verily, the gloomy night hath fallen upon all
regions and the clouds of ignorance have ex-
tended in all directions; the people are im-
mersed in the darkness of surmise and the
tyrants are sunk in the depths of brutality
and lawlessness. The red glare of the burn-
ing fire is flashing forth from the nether
World, roaring, ominous voices are rising from
the cruel, destructive and terrible armaments;
every region is crying out with its dumb secret
tongue: "Nothing that I possess hath benefited
me and power and strength are taken away
from me Verily, my God, the lamps of
guidance are extinguished; the fire of ani-
mosity is enkindled; wrath and antipathy are
spread abroad and provocation and malicious-
ness are disseminated upon the face of the
earth. Yet I see only Thy wronged follow-
ers who are crying at the tops of their voices
and summoning the people:
Hasten ye toward affinity!
Hasten ye toward faithfulness!
Hasten ye toward generosity!
Hasten ye toward guidance!
Hasten ye toward union!
Hasten Ye to behold the Light of the World!
Hasten ye toward love and prosperity!
Hasten ye toward peace and reconciliation!
Hasten ye toward the law of disarmament!
Hasten ye toward harmony and success!
Hasten ye toward co-operation and mutual
help in the path of guidance!
Verily, these wronged ones do sacrifice
themselves with infinite joy and happiness for
the sake of the people, with all their souls
and spirits throughout all regions. Verily,
Thou beholdest them weeping at the mis-
fortunes of every one of Thy creatures and
becoming grieved at the distress of Thy chil-
dren; they are kind to all the people and
pained at the sight of the calamities of the
inhabitants of the world. my Lord! make
the wings of prosperity to grow upon their
shoulders, so that they may ever soar toward
the apex of their aspirations; strengthen their
loins in the service of Thy people, and con-
firm them in the thralldom and adoration of
the threshold of Thy Holiness.
Verily, Thou art the Merciful! Thou art
the Clement, and there is no God but Thee,
the Powerful, the Compassionate, and the
Ancient!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA 

