STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall, become one in
faith and all men as brothers: that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strites,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IV Chicago (September Z7, 1913) Masheyat No. ll
This Ode "To the Center of the Covena.nt"was composed by Mr. Thornton Chase
a few weeks before his death. It was read in the holy presence of Abdul -_Baha,
and he wishes it to appear in the Star of the West. (fditors.
TO THE CENTER OF THE COVENANT: 
May the Souls of all Mankind hegja Sacrifice to Him!
THOU David of the Promised Kingdom of 
0 Thou Princely Leaderof all Humanity!
Thou Warrior against the Tribes of Infidelity!
Thou Conqueror of Darkness and Radiator of Light!
Thou Bearer of the Banner of Divine Peace and Prosperity to the Nations!
Thou First Born in the Kingdom of Baha! Beloved of GOD and Men!
Thou First Citizen of the Royal and Holy City!
Thou Branch of the LORD, Beautiful and Glorious!
Thou C-'realest Branch from the Ancient Root!
Thou Fruit-bearing Branch of the Divine Tree!
Thou Host of the Divine Table!
Thou Cup-Bearer of the Divine Knowledge!
Thou Diffuser of the Holy Fragrances!
Thou Interpreter of the Revealed Word!
Thou Liver of the Bahai Law!
Thou ES!Ial)llSl1CIa0f the New Jerusalem descended from the Heaven of the Will
of Go 
Thou Builder of the Temple of the 
Thou Light of the City of 
Thou Brilliant Moon reflecting the Sun's full Disc of Splendor!
Thou Enlightener of the Spirits of Men!
Thou Heart of the World, sending the Blood of Truth through the arteries of
Humanity!
Thou Physician of Souls, raising the dead to Life by the Elixir of the Word!
Thou Possessor of the Philosophefs Stone!
_hou Master of Transmutation!
Thou Kindler of Love and Life in the Heart of Humanity!
Thou Ambassador of Heaven and the Manifestation of Righteousness!
Thou King of servitude' and Defender of the Faith!
Thou Temple of the Divine Testimony!
Thou Witness and Aim of THE 
Thou Prince of Peace and Ensign of United Humanity!

