54 STAR OF
reached America. During I500 years the Torah
was only once translated, but Christ was the
cause of its being translated into 600 lan-
guages. Now be just, was Christ the friend or
the enemy of Moses?
You say that He abrogated the Torah, but
I say he promulgated the Torah, the Ten Com-
mandments and all the questions which belong
to its moral world. But He changed the fol-
lowing, that for a small theft one cannot cut
off the hand. If a person blind another he
must not be blinded, or if he breaks another's
teeth, his teeth should not be broken.
Is it possible nowadays that for $1,000,000
the hand of the culprit be cut off with the
law? Or to establish the archaic laws of an
for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth?
Therefore Christ changed only that part of
the Mosaic religion which was not in accord
with the spirit of His time. He did not
desire to abolish the Torah.
You, yourselves, are of the opinion.in this
day that these laws are not timely but are out
of date and impracticable.
Is it not true that the Christians believe
that Moses was the Prophet of God, and all
the Israelitish seers were the Messengers of
God, and the Bible is the Book of God? Has
this belief of theirs harmed their religion?
They answered Then you may just
say from your heart that Christ is the Word
of God, then all these differences will end.
The persecutions of' the last 2000 years have
been on account of this fact, that you were
not willing to proclaim these two words.
But I hope it is proven to you that Moses
had no better friend that His Holiness
Christ.
In short, misunderstanding between the re-
ligions is conducive to differences. When
these misunderstandings and blind imitations
are forgotten then the unification of the relig-
ions will become a reality.
Today the enmity and rivalry existing be-
tween the religions are over mere words.
It is an established fact that the followers
of all the religions believe in a Reality, the
benefits of which are universal; which Reality
is a medium between God and man. The ]ews
call that Reality Moses, the Christians Christ,
the Musselmen Mohammed, the Buddhists
Buddha, and the Zoroastrians Zoroaster.
Now mark well that none of these religion-
ists have ever seen the Founders, they have
only heard His name. If they overlooked
these names they would realize that they all
THE WEST
believed in a perfect Reality which is an in-
termediary between the Almighty and His
creatures.
Their dissension is over a word, otherwise
they all share in common the belief of the
Mediatorship between the Creator and the
creature.
If you speak to a Jew about the medium
or channel between God and man, without
referring to any particular name or trying to
make him believe in any special person, he
would this is right, but I say the
name of this medium is Moses."
If you go on giving the exposition of this
divine philosophy to the followers of each re-
ligion they will all agree with you in the ab-
stract, but they will stick to the names of
their own prophets, and arise in contention
and strife over these names. But in reality
and in significance they are all believers and
agreed. The Jew believes in Christ, but he
knows nothing about it, he is quibbling over
the mere word.
In short there have been wars and rumors of
war amongst the people of the world for
many thousand years; much innocent blood
has been shed, many kingdoms and empires
have been laid waste.
Now it is enough! Religion must be the
means of good fellowship and love. It must
upraise the standard of harmony and solidarity.
If religion is conducive to hatred and enmity,
irreligion is better, because such pseuc1o-re-
ligion gives no result, nay rather its existence
is harmful to the welfare of the body-politic.
God has founded the religions so that they
might be the bond of amity and mutual asso-
ciation between the people.
His Holiness Christ did not sacrifice His
own life so that the people might believe that
He is the Word of God; nay rather He gave
up His life so that He might bestow Eternal
Life to the world of humanity. That is why
He said, "The Son of Man is come to give
life to the world."
Later on this subject was forgotten by the
people, certain blind imitations crept in, and
the words Father, Son and Holy Spirit be-
came current.
The original foundation was lost sight of.
Christ said, "If someone strikes your right
cheek, turn to him the left." Is there any rela-
tion between this commandment and the
bloody events taking place in the Balkans?
No!
The religious differences between the Catho-
lics and Protestants have caused in the past

