STAR OF THE WEST 271
glad to free themselves from the hard and
cold condition of humanity. These seek only
the life-giving teachings of the living Truth.
Stones offer no sustenance to growing plants
~--1-ather, in a stony garden Only weeds will
grow.
wrote: "In this day he who
seeks the Light of the of Truth 
free his mind from the tales of the past, 
adorn his head with the Crown of Severance,
and his Temple with the robe of virtue. Then
shall he arrive at the ocean of Oneness and
enter the presence of Singleness. The heart
ninst become free from the fire of supersti-
tions, that it may receive the light of Assur-
ance, and that it may perceive the Glory of

Bahais must carry out this command im-
plicitly and be severed from all and every-
thing of the both good and bad-
everything. The established forms of the past,
though good and ptofitable in their own days,
are in this day detrimental to spiritual growth;
unless these be ordered by the New Covenant,
the ordinances of the New Covenant being
perfectly adapted to the conditions of this new
age.
\7Vhen a community is fed upon foods which
do not contain the living nourishment necessary
to sustain life, or when the community is given
impure water to drink~--sickness and disease
break out. In like manner, when in a spiritual
assembly of friends, teachings other than those
of the New Covenant are taught, a spiritual
sickness falls upon that assemblage, and the
people fail to attain to divine confirmation,
and cease to attract people to the Kingdom.
We all understand that with the corn-
ing of the New Covenant all teachings of the
past ARE PAS T, and that in this new Day
of God only that which is revealed by the
Supreme Pen, and that which
issues from The Center of The Covenant,
Abdnl-Baha, is spiritual food for the people
and is to be taught.
The teachings and institutions of the past
Revelations were necessary in their days, and
in those days were spiritual food for the peo-
ple; but now all is changed. A new age has
come and with it new and living spiritual food
in great abundance. The Center of The Cove-
nant is now supplying all the world with the
living food and drink of the Kingdom of God.

In the strata of the earth we find the fossil
remains of the vegetation of past ages. These
were once luscious and afforded good food for
animals and man, but now who oi us would eat
these stony remains?
If we would thus differentiate between living
and dead physical foods which have to do with
the nourishment and life of the physical body,
how much more careful ought We to be in
choosing for our souls the living spiritual food
of Divine Revelation of t-he New Covenant,
pure and free from the dead teachings oi the
past, from which (like the fossils in the crust
of the earth) the spirit of life has departed,
leaving only the outer form or shell.
The coming of spring does not put life into
the dead fossils, neither does the Manifesta-
tion of God have to do with the theologies
and creeds of the past. Like the vegetable
fossils, the religious forms of the past must
be discarded.

I recall, some years ago, attending a free
religious session at which a young Bahai
teacher just returned home to America from
India, had been asked to proclaim the Bahai
Message. A large number of people were
gathered together and our young friend gave
a most beautiful address, explaining the Holy
Cause successively from the view--points of
each of the great religions of the past, and
explaining how, in this day, the same "V\7ord
of God" which had created the religions of
the past, each in its own day, was again
manifest in the world creating the great uni-
versal religion which is God's Kingdom upon
earth. He gave a comprehensive talk. It con-
tained food for spiritual thought, and it glad-
dened and attracted the hearts of the people.
Whei'eupon as soon as he had finished speaking
the person presiding over the meeting, in a
very delightful, pleasant and friendly manner,
called the attention of the audience to the {act
that the platform of those meetings stood for
all teachings past as well as present, and there-
upon she asked one Who was present, to speak,
a teacher of the most ancient of this world's
philosophical systems.
This person arose and in a manner, which
apparently seemed in sympathy with the Bahai
address, quietly and persistently loaded the
minds of the audience with so much of his
ancient theology, that the effect of the Bahai
address was quite counteracted, and the audi-
ence left the place in a confused state of mind.
Although at various times Bahai teachers
spoke from that platform, there were few re-
[Continued on page 274]

