STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that 'the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and dilferences of race be annulled. S0 it shall be; these fruitless strites,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
-- -- -..- - . . . '1 . . --
Vol. IV Chicago (October 1.6, 1913) Elm No. 12
ABDUL-BAHA AT THE NINETEEN-DAY 
Held October 16, 1912, at the home of Mrs. Helen S. Goodall, Oakland, California.
Dr. Ameen U. Fareed. interpreter: stenoizraphic notes by Miss Bijou Straun.
of, Mrs. Goodall. With the utmost love
has she repared this feast, and every
kind of food is before you. The eiiulgence of
the mercy of is resplendent. The
hearts are attracted to the love of God. The
eyes are turning toward the "Kingdom of ABHA.
This is a heavenly feast, an excellent meet-
ing. Surely this is praiseworthy. The Su-
prerne Concourse now is beholding this assem-
blage, proclaiming aloud: "Blessed are ye!
Blessed are ye! Blessed are ye who. are the
servants of Blessed are ye who
are the manifestors of faith! Blessed are ye
who have such radiant countemmcesf Blessed
are ye -whose hearts are like unto rose gar-
dens!"
Consider what a great bounty has been be-
stowed upon you, what .a iavor has been re-
vealed unto you, that Abdul-Baha is now walk-
ing about amongst you commemorating BAHA-
In the utmost of love am I walking
about and greeting each and all of you.
Man is possessed of two types of suscepti-
bilities. One the other spiritual, in
character.
Physical susceptibilities have certain avenues
of expression, and spiritual susceptibilities like-
wise. have their avenues. The physical, or ma-
terial susceptibilities have their channels of
expression in the physical realm. Earth1y'fra-
ternity is due either to a family relationship,
or' to a commercial bond, or to a bond of love
based upon policy or politics, or to a racial
bond which supplies that affection, or to a
bond patriotic in foundation. These are phys-
ical susceptibilities and ordinary outward love.
But spiritual susceptibilities, namely, real love
and heavenly fraternity, emanate through di-
PRAISE be to God! you are the guests
ii-
"At this feast there were present about one
hundred and twenty-five friends from the Bay
cities, Portland. Seattle and Spokane. When all
were seated at the tables. Abdul-Baha, radiant
with joy. passed through the spacious rooms fra-
grant with flowers, speaking as hewalked about.
vine 'channels. They emanate from faith, or
they emanate from knowledge, or they ema-
nate from the bounty o'f the Holy Spirit, or
they emanate from the etiulgence of the Sun
of Reality.
.Pr'aise'be to God! you are imbued with
spiritual susceptibilities, for verily you have
been; gathered together in this meeting through
the love of God. It is the bounty of the
Kingdom' which has summoned you here. It
is the Most Great Guidance -which has called
you here. It' is the power oi attraction which
has drawn you together here, and it is the
bestowal of the Kingdom of ABI-IA which has
invited you to this feast. These are spiritual
susceptibilities, and these are emanations of
the conscience. Because oi these susceptibili-
ties, this radiant youth is seated here, and_in
the utmost of love I am patting him on the
shoulder.
I am happy to see you gathered here in
love. Please continue 'eating while I talk.
His Holiness Christ, on a certain eve, in-
vited His disciples to His table, and while
seated at that table. He gave certain admoni-
tions and precepts unto them. As a result oi
the benediction and admonitions, the supper
was called the "Lord's' Supper." Inasmuch
as there was present the material bread, and
likewise the heavenly manna which was des-
cending upon them, it was verily the Lord's
Supper.
Now this 'evening you have gathered in this
assemblage and are seated at this bounteous
table. Praise be to God! the material food
is prepared for you. The heavenly manna also
is present for you, and that consists of the
love of God and the knowledge of God.
You are turned toward the Kingdom of God,
and you are overshadowed beneath His provi-
dence. The eternal bounty encompasses you
all, and the light everlasting is all-surround-
ing.
This table, likewise, is heavenly in character.

