STAR OF THE WE-ST 145
THE It is moved that the selec-
tion of the days when the Mashrak-el-Azkar
shall be a subject of consideration by the sev-
eral assemblies, instead of being left to the
assemblies themselves to select, shall be desig-
nated or suggested by the Temple Unity.
MR. MILLS: While I sympathize with Mr.
Harris' idea, and while the idea seems splendid,
I feel very deeply that we should accept and
try for one year the conclusions of this com-
mittee which have been reached in such a
sanctified manner.
MRS. The question is whether the
selection of the days should be left to the local
boards or assemblies, or whether they should
be selected by the Executive Committee of the
Temple Unity. My feeling is that if we are
simply silent the answer will come.
THE The desirabilities of both
plans appeal to us. No question, I guess, exists
i11 your mind as to the desire of the Executive
Board to proceed with wisdom. Let us accept
the amendment with the words, "Subject to the
approval of Abdul-Baha."
DR. BAGDADII I think Abdul-Baha has an-
swered this. On the 23rd day of May we were
in Acca, about six or seven years ago, and it
was proposed to make a Feast for Abdul-Baha
011 that great day, and when it was mentioned
to him he said, "You will see that the friends
will gather together and they will speak about
the great things, about building the Mashrak-
el-Azkar, and will even speak about building
schools and hospitals and hospices and how to
have unity--all these things on such a day
they will discuss." And he added, "Not be-
cause it is the anniversary of my birthday, but
because it is the anniversary of the declaration
of the Bab."
E. E. K.: We are approaching the idea,
reaching something definite in this question of
a day to be set aside. It is very good, it is
very important, and I feel that as the Execu-
tive Board is representative of the convention
and the convention is representative of all the
assemblies of the country, and the Executive
Board is here to do something definite, I think
the latter should take charge of it as such and
that it should be a national day and a day
for national observance. As to its interfering
with the set laws and observances, that diffi-
culty can be obviated by stating in connection
with the day We fix, the fact that as long as
there is necessity for the raising of funds and
for the consideration of ways and means for
the raising of the Temple this day shall be
continued.
[The motion as put by Mr. Ober, being duly
seconded, was unanimously carried]
[It is moved and seconded that the report
of the committee, as amended, be adopted.
Unanimously carried]
THE CHAIRMAN: I will rule now that we
proceed to the election of the nine members
of the Executive Board of the Temple Unity,
and appoint Mr. Ober and Mr. Hannen as
tellers.
[The convention proceeded to the preparing
of ballots for the vote and the collection of
the same. While this work was going on, the
Chairman called upon the friends present for a
Word to the convention]
A poem by Henrietta Mills was read.
Mr. Thompson, of Montreal, spoke very en-
couragingly of the increase of the Cause in
Montreal; Mrs. Carre reported the progress
being made in Newark; Miss Penn spoke for
Montclair, N. Mrs. Stevens said she had
been in Bermuda all winter; Miss Quant, of
Iohnstown, N. Mrs. Jones, Anaconda,
Mont.; Mrs. Peterson, of Grand Rapids,
Mich; Mrs. Bennett, of Cleveland, reported
for the Cleveland Assembly.
The tellers presented the following report:
Mrs. True.
Mr. Hall.
Mr. Jacobsen.
Mr. Wilhelin.
Mr. Ashton.
Mr. Lunt.
Mrs. Parmerton.
Eshte'al-Ebn-Kalanter.
The foregoing were declared elected me1n--
bers of the Executive Board for the ensuing
year.
The Chairman called upon Miss Mary Lesch,
who responded, conveying the love and greet-
ings of the Chicago Assembly.
The Chairman called upon Mrs. Maxwell, of
Montreal, who responded as follows:
MRS. MAXWELL: I feel that I have no right
after all that has been said today to speak
again about the Mashrak-el-Azkar, but when
Eshte'al--Ebn--Kalanter spoke as he did I felt
that I was being submerged in an ocean of spir-
itual force. It seemed to me that the great
spirit of sacrifice that has been spoken of would
come to me if I knew that the Mashrak-

