STAR OF THE WEST 301
unto a tent, and the act of prayer unto the
pillar thereof. If the pillar falls down, the
whole tent will drop! In another place, He
says, "Prayer is like the sight of the eyes in
the Cause of God." Also, "If the prayer of
the sincere believer is accepted and answered,
it is better for the patient to simply obey the
physician, use the medicine, in order to recover
from his sickness.
Now, the Divine Doctor, God, knows the
sicknesses of the spirit of "humanity, which is
imprisoned in this material body. The ordi-

ONE OF THE MANY PRAYERS REVEALED BY ti
Mighty 
While Wnahinq the lace, lay:
Stand, facing the Earl, and ray:
ll
Sitting clown, lay:

. .
gt-vmg 

THE OBLIGA TOR DAIL YER - i
While washina the hands, say:
Strengthen my hands to take Thy Book with such firmness that 
0 the hosts of the world shall not prevent them! Then protect them from
claiming that which is not their own. Verity, Thou art the Powerful, the
I have turned my face unto Thee: Enlighten it with the Lights of
Thy Face; Then protect it from turning to any but Thee, 
GOSD hath testified that there is no GOD but Him. The Command and the
Creation are His. He hath manifested the Dawning-Point of Revelation, and the
A Spealzer of the Mount, through whom the Supreme Horizon shone, the Sadraz'-eZ-
ontahai' spoke, and the Voice proclaimed between earth and Heaven: 
;i KING HATH THE KINGDOM AND POWER AND GLORY AND
MAJESTY ARE TO HIM, THE LORD OF MANKIND, THE RULER OF
THE THRONE AND OF THE 
Bowing down. with hands upon the kneel, -say:
Thou art glorified above my praise and that of others: Holy above my men-
tion and that of all in the Heavens and earth!
Standing, with hands outstretched forward and upward, say:
my Dtsappotnt him not, who by the fingers of hope held to the train
of Thy Mercy and Bounty, Thou, who art most m-erctful of the merciful!
I confess Thy Oneness and Singleness and that Thou art GOD: There is -no 1
GOD but Thee! Thou hast manifested Thy Command, fulfilled' Thy Covenant, 
and opened the gate of Thy Bounty to all who are tn the Heavens and upon the
earth. Prayer and peace, praise and glory be, upon Thy beloved, who w-ere not pre-
vented by the deeds of the people from turning unto Thee, and who ofiered what
they had for the hope of what Thou hast. erily, Thou art the erctful, the For-
Sadrat--eI-Montaha (the furthermost _Tree) refers to a tree, planted _by the Arabs in ancient times
at the end of aroiad, to serve as a guide. Here it refers to the Manifestation of God. 
"**See St. Matt. 6:9-13. The promise of the coming of the Kingdom contained in the "Lord's 
Prayer," is here declared by to be fulfilled. (Editors. 
verily, all the rest of his acts and deeds will
be accepted; and if his prayers are not ac-
cepted, verily, all the rest of his acts will be
disapproved and rejected."
These Divine ordinances are like the rem-
edies and medicines which the skillful doctor
gives to the patient (the sick). Consequently,
nancesand precepts [given thro-ugh His Mouth-
pieces and Prophets] are the remedi-es for the
sicknesses and one of the ordinances 
pray."
God says: "Prayer prevents the human be-
ing from disapproved and foul actions." That
is to say, the remedy, which delivers the man

