116 STAR OF THE WEST
it is bereft of the attractions of conscience, it
is not in touch with the world of God, it cannot
deviate one hair's breadth from the law of
nature. It is different with man. Man is pos-
sessed of the emanations of conscience; he has
intelligence and perception and is capable of
discovering mysteries in the universe. All the
human industries we see, all the inventions and
undertakings we observe are mysteries of na-
ture and at one time were hidden; but the
reality o-f man has discovered these mysteries.
As a matter of fact, according to nature's laws,
these things should be hidden and latent, but
man having transcended the laws of nature.
discovered these mysteries and brought them
from the invisible state to the visible plane.
See what a marvel man is! Consider electricity
--one of the mysteries of creation. Under the
requirement of natural law it should remain
latent, but man discovered this power, brought
it forth from the invisible state to the visible
plane and utilized its energies. That is to say,
man transcended this law of nature. How
many of the mysteries of nature have been
penetrated! Columbus, while in Spain, discov-
ered America. Man is capable of discovering
that the sun is stationary, while the earth re-
volves about it. The animal cannot do this.
Man perceives the mirage is an illusion. This
is beyond the power of the animal. The
animal can only perceive through sense im-
pressions, but cannot grasp intellectual reali-
ties. The animal cannot conceive of the power
of thought. This is an intellectual matter and
not limited to the senses. The animal can-
not conceive of the fact that the earth is
spherical. Intellectual phenomena are human
powers. All creation is captive of nature:
it cannot deviate a hair's breadth from the
laws established by nature. But man wrests
the sword from nature's hand and uses it
upon nature's head. For example, it is a
requirement of nature that man should be
a dweller upon the earth, but the power of
the human spirit transcends the law and he
soars aloft in aeroplanes. This is contrary to
the law and requirement of nature. He sails
at high speed upon the ocean. He dives be-
neath its surface in submarines. He imprisons
the voice in the phonograph. He communicates
in the twinkling of an from the east to the
west. These are some of the things we know
to be contrary to the law of nature. Man
transcends nature's laws. The animal, the
vegetable, the mineral cannot do this. This
can only be done through the power of the
spirit, because the spirit is the reality. But
in the physical powers and senses man and the
animal are partners. In fact, animal is often
superior to man in sense perception. For in-
stance, the vision of some animals is exceed-
ingly acute; the ear of the animal can detect a
voice at a long distance. Consider the instinct
of a dog; it is much greater than a man's. But
although the animal shares with man all the
physical virtues and senses, a spiritual power is
bestowed upon man, of which the animal is
devoid. This is proof that there is something
in man which is absent in the animal; there is
a faculty in man which is minus in the animal;
there is a virtue in man which is lacking in the
animal. This is the spirit of man. All these
wonderful accomplishments are due to the
efficacy and penetration of the spirit of man.
VVere man bereft of this spirit, none of these
accomplishments would have been possible.
This is a pro-of that man is possessed of a
spirit. This is evident as the sun at midday.
All creatures of material organism are lim-
ited to an image or form. That is to say,
every created material being is possessed of
one form. It cannot possess two forms at the
same time. For example, a body may be
triangular, spherical, square, a hexagon or an
octagon, but it is impossible for a given object
to be triangular and spherical simultaneously;
it cannot possess two shapes at one time. It
may be either triangular or square. If it is to
become square it must first rid itself of the
triangular shape. It is absolutely impossible
for it to be square and triangular at the same
time. That is to say, in the reality of the
creatures the different forms cannot be simul-
taneously possessed. But in the reality of man
all geometrical figures can be simultaneously
conceived. In other realities one image must
be forsaken in order that another might be
possible. This is the law of cha.nge and trans-
formation, and change and transformation are
harbingers of mortality. Were it not for
change and transformation in form, phenomena
would be immortal, but because phenomena is
subject to change and transformation from
one figure or shape to another, it is mortal.
But the reality of man is possessed of all vir-
tues; he does not have to give up one image
for another as other mere bodies do. There-
fore in that reality there is no change and
transformation; there it is immortal and ever-
lasting. Verily the body of man may be in
America but his spirit laboring and working in
the far east, discovering, organizing and sys-
tematizing. Although governing, making laws,
erecting a building in Russia, his body is still

