4 STAR OF THE WEST
ABDUL-BAHA AT CLIFTON, ENGLAND.
BY ISABEL FRASER.
was a guest at the Clifton
A Guest House over the night of January
16th, arriving by train at noon and leav-
ing at noon the next day. The host, Mr.
Tudor-Pole, took Abdul-Baha for a drive in
the afternoon, after which he re-met many
of the guests and neighbors who dropped in
to renew their acquaintance of a year ago.
In the evening about 150 gathered to hear the
Master's message. Mr. Tudor-Pole was in
the chair and introduced Abdul-Baha by giving
a short account of the Movement and of its
marvelous growth in the last few years. The
Master entered, bestowing on them that smile
which in itself is a benediction. It was a
notable gathering of east and west, with the
central saintly figure. Here and there was
seen a scarlet fez which denoted the presence
of eastern students. Abdul-Baha on entering
gave that courtly eastern greeting of raising
the palms of his hands to his forehead, after
which he told them that since last seeing
them he had been half over the world. "In
fact," he said, have come to Clifton this
time via Los Angeles and Chicago." Then he
began at once to speak, Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
interpreting. Abdul-Baha commenced while
seated on a couch, but soon he was on his
feet, occasionally walking to and fro, and
sometimes emphasizing .a fact with upraised
hand or standing still with eyes closed and
his silver voice sunk low.
ADDRESS BY ABDUL-BAHA.
Every age requires a central impetus or
movement. In this age, the boundaries of ter-
restrial things have extended; minds have
taken on a broader range of vision; realities
have been unfolded and the secrets of being
have been brought into the realm of visibility.
Wliat is the spirit of this age, what is its
focal point? It is the establishment of Uni-
versal Peace, the establishment of the knowl-
edge that humanity is one family. Think on
the conditions of this world of humanity.
Nations have become like unto armed camps
waiting tb be ignited by the combustion of
war.
Whereas in reality God has created man for
love's sake. God has endowed man with crea-
tion so that he may illumine the world with
the flame of brotherhood and express the ut-
most state of unity and accord. This state
would express God's good pleasure; this would
be the prosperity of the World of humanity.
A thousand times alas! that this glorious cen-
tury has been besmeared with war and strife,
hatred and rancor. Bloodthirsty wolves are
tearing the sheep of God. Destruction is more
widespread than in all the ages of the past.
We hear on every side praises of the won-
ders of this cycle, its achievements, its re-
finements, its genius; calling the past the
age of mediaeval horror. What mediaeval age
held the horror of a Krupp gun, a Mauser
rifle or a shrapnel shell that kills a whole
camp? On the sea we have the submarine and
the dreadnaught. If you compare the past
with this age, impartial judgment will call this
the age of human fratricide.
All the religions are revealed for the sake
of good fellowship. The fundamentals, the
foundations of all are fellowship, unity and
love. The heavenly books were revealed and
divine love bestowed to bring about peace.
What has man made of religion? He has
made it the cause of bloodshed and strife; en-
mity and hatred. Religion was destined to be
a remedy for the sickness of humanity; an
illumination for the darkness of uncertainty.
Have we then forgotten the divine teachings,
cast aside the heavenly books, created imagi-
nary thoughts and illusions and made them
the basis of rancor and strife? The Bible
commands the practice of peace and justice.
God desires love. In the gospel we find the
golden statement that man should be expres-
sive of love even unto his enemy; he should
be expressive of love to his ill-vvishers; he
should be expressive of love to all his fellow
men. He must have an to pardon; he
must have an to benevolence. All the
divine books invite men to these teachings.
All the divine prophets suffered that man
might realize these teachings. Consider what
His Holiness Christ endured, how many vicis-
situdes he underwent, every day tasting a new
poison, finally sacrificing his own life, so that
the tent of love and concord might be raised
over the world of humanity so that this dark
world might be invested with divine light.
Alas! that all the travail of these holy souls
and sanctified prophets should be wasted. The
world of humanity is i11 a stupor of sleep and
it cannot grasp the realities. The horizons
of the minds are still beclouded and the hearts
are occupied with phantasmal longings. We
seem never to think of the reason of creation;

