190 STAR OF THE WEST
Verily, Thou art the Clement! Verily, Thou
art the Merciful, the Precious. the Omnipo-
tent!
Then after the prayer Abdul-Baha spoke as
follows:
"Mr, Chase was of the blessed souls. The
best time of his life was spent in the path
of God. He had no other aim except the good
pleasure of the Lord and no other desire ex-
cept the attainment to the Kingdom of God.
During his lifetime he bore many trials and
vicissitudes, but he was very patient and long-
suffering. He had a heart most illuminated, a
spirit most rejoiced; his hope was to serve
the world of humanity; during the days of his
life he strove as much as he could--he never
fai1ed--until he witnessed the _lights of the
Kingdom of ABHA, and he was guided by the
lights of Guidance. He 'summoned the people to
the religion of God; he suffered them to enter
into the Kingdom of God; he wrote books
a11d epistles regarding the proofs and evi-
dences of the Manifestation of 
In reality he has left behind him certain signs
which will never be forgotten" throughout ages
and cycles. In reality this personage was
Worthy of respect. This personage is worthy
of. having the friends visit his grave. The
traces of this personage will ever shine. This
is a personage who will not be forgotten. For
the present his worth is not known but in
the future it will be inestimably dear. His
sun will ever be shining, his stars will ever
bestow the light. The people will honor this
grave. Therefore, the friends of God' must
vi-sit this grave and on my behalf bring flowers
and seek the sublimity of the spiritual station
for him and have the utmost consideration for
the members of his family. This personage
will not be forgotten."
TO CALIFORNIA.
Address delivered at the home of Mrs. Helen S. Goodall, Oakland, California, October 3, 1912.
Dr. Ameen U. Fareed, interpreter; stenographic notes by Miss, Bijou Straun.
AM going to say, "Welcome," to you, in-
I stead of your welcoming me. I am most
happy to be here with you. I am exceed-
ingly joyous, and I offered thanks -to His Holi-
ness that the potency of His
Word was instrumental in bringing about
such a meeting.
In the world many people go from one
country to another. Perchance they may go
from here to the Orient; perchance some may
come from the Orient here; but such journeys
are for travel, or commercial purposes, or for
some political reason, or the motive may be
some scientific achievement, or they go on
journies in order to meet friends. All such
meetings are accidental; they are concerned
with the exigences of the world of nature.
But I have come from the O'rient to the
vast distance have I crossed
with no commercial purpose in view, nor travel
as an object, nor politics as a reason. It has
been simply to meet you. Whereas the meet-
ing of others is generally accidental, our meet-
ing is real, essential--for the hearts are con-
nected and the souls are attracted and the
spirits are exhilarated, and such a meeting is
real in character, and great are the results
therefrom. The results are everlasting.
Consider the by-gone times. There occurred
a meeting like this one--that is to say, that
meeting emanated from the attractions of the
conscience. It was due to the spiritual bond.
It was due to the fraternity of heaven. Re-
gard the results which have later become con-
comitant! What lights have shone therefrom!
What a new spirit has been breathed thereby!
Therefore, I beg of God that this meeting
of ours may likewise be a spiritual meeting,
may be a heavenly meeting, may be a cordial
bond, may be of divine susceptibilities, may be
a result of the breaths of the Holy Spirit.
Thus, may its traces be everlasting, may its
results be eternal, may it be an indissoluble
bond and an association inseparable. May it
be a love which shall be never ending. This
is my hope, and you who have turned to the
Kingdom of God, and you who are set aglow
with the fire of the Love of God, must so
earnestly endeavor that this meeting shall give
forth eternal results.
And v/'hat will bring this about?
This will be brought about by your acting in
accordance with the teachings of 
This is dependent upon your becoming resus-
citated by the Divine Spirit. The Revelation
of is, in relation to the body of
the world, as the spirit of man is to his body.
In relation to the body of the world (human-
ity), Divinity is as the light within a lan-
tern. In relation to the soil of the hearts, it

