STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9. 1911, at the post oflice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3.1879.
-lid -- 7. fa 7 
Editorial Sfaf: ALBERT R. ZIA BAGDADI
Honorary Member: ltitnza Antonia Sormsn 
TERMS: $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Note -- Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWB P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, Ill" U, S. A.
To personal checks please add suflicient to cover the bank exchange.
-- i -- 7777 7" i I
Address all communications to NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! I-IE Is 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of th'e
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ is Small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become Wor1d--wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (5'igsied) ABDILL-BAHA ABIBAS.
_Vol. IV Massa'el 1, 69 (December 12, 1913) No. 15
THE MOST IMPORTANT WORK
Words of Abdul-Baha lo a little group of Americans in Paris
I have picmted the Seeds in America. You must -nmwfu-re them and care
for flziewi. If you do this, they yield rm ohm-zriav-it 
You must wise s-uperhziman streiigth to spread the teachings for the
Cause is a-rid -whosoet/er shall arise in this Day to TEACH, 
that he will be assisted by the Divine This is -not the day of
It is the day of the Proclamation of the Kicrigalomf It is not the
day of rest. ACT, 
words of Abdul-Baha uttered in England._lanuary l6, l9] 5
LL the meetings must be for teaching the
A Cause and spreading the Message, and
suffering the souls to enter in the King-
dom of Look at me. All my
thoughts are centered around the proclamation
of the Kingdom.
I have a Lamp -in my has-id searching through
the lauds cm-d seas to find souls who can be-
come /'ze'-raicis of the Cause. Day and night I
am engaged in this Work. Any other delibera~
tions in the meetings are futile and -fruitless.
Convey the Message! Attract the hearts!
Sow the seeds! Teach the Cause to those
who do not know.
I enter all meetings, all churches, so that the
Cause may be spread. \/Vhen the Most" 
PORTANT work is before our sight, we must let
go the one.
If the meetings or Spiritual Assembly has
any other occupation, the -time is spent in fu-
tility. All the deliberations, all consultation,
all the talks and addresses must revolve
around one focal center and that is: TEACH
TI-IE Tsacrr! Convey the
Message! Awaken the souls!
Now is the time of laying the foundation.
Now we must gather brick, stone, wood, iron,
and other -building materials! This is not the
time of decoration. 'We must strive day and
night and think and work. Vlihat can I say
that may become effective? "What can I do
that may bring results? VVhat can I write
that may bring forth fruits?
Nothing else will be useful, today. The in-
terests of such a Glorious Cause will not ad~
vance without undivided attention. VVhile we
are carrying this load We cannot carry any
other load!

