136 STAR OF
fixed and set to stay. This "fi1'wm/less" is in
the CENTRE OF THE COVENANT or Gob!
E. E. K.: If there is any day in the pro-
phetic history of the world in which words
are to be demonstrated through deeds and
thoughts through action, it is this day, because
in the person of Abdul-Baha we see the high-
est fulfillment of all the aspirations established
in the Bahai Revelation, and just as he lives
the principles of the Cause, so must we follow
and live them. In these days when it is so
extraordinarily necessary to emphasize the ne-
cessity of faith in the CENTRE or THE CovE-
NANT and the recognition of the station of
that Centre, to my mind there is only one
point that is even more important for us
Bahais than recognition of and firmness in
the CENTRE OF THE COVENANT, and that one
point is obedience to the ordinances and com-
mands of that Centre. For firmness without
willingness to sacrifice everything in the way
of carrying out his wishes is not sufficient to
our spiritual salvation in this day. His highest
wish as expressed verbally and through his
many Tablets is that the Temple shall be
built today. Outside of the fact that the
building of the Temple is the greatest means
for cementing together the individual in-
gredients of the Bahai material in this world,
the main purpose of it is, as I 'understand it, to
fulfill a great prophecy which has been made
in all the prophetic books of the past, and it is
this, that, i11 the language of the Old Testa-
mentthe
C07/ea/Lam' of God--shal1 the Temple of the
LORD be built: that THE BRANCH shall build
His Temple, and those who arise to cooperate
with Him to carry out His wish and build His
Temple are those who are firm in the. Cove-
nant. To be firm in the Cot/emmt means to
show your energy in collecting means and
materials for the building of the Temple.
MRS. We know another thing, that
first it is to be built in the hearts of the people
who are firm in the CENTRE or TI-IE 
If our hearts are cemented together in love,
and we follow the commands of Abdul-Baha,
I think that money will be pouring in like a
river, and the Mashrak-el-Azkar will be built.
MR. HARLAN F. OBERI I would like to return
to the thought of this morning of the forma-
tion of a committee to present a plan for
organized effort all over the country. The
proper way to show firmness in the CENTRE or
THE is to get to work, formulate a
committee and let them present something to
THE WEST
this body for discussion. We must arouse
a certain enthusiasm among the people and
show them how to raise this money.
MR. LUNT: I believe that the power which
is centered at this gathering, bestowed upon
us from the Throne of ABHA and through the
blessing and holy prayers of the CENTRE or
THE COVENANT, only asks us to arise, and that
power will do the work. We are all sure of
God only asks us to arise and to
be willing to obey, and that these things will
come to pass.
What I have in mind is that the Chairman
shall appoint a large committee, a member of
each community here, so as to have a represent-
ative in each place who will put into effect a
uniform plan that shall be adopted here, and
that, as a convention, we vote to put it into
effect.
THE I am glad you are focus-
ing your thoughts upon methods of giving.
We have never tried to raise the feeling of
rivalry in giving; the one who gives a large
amount n1ay really not be giving as much as
the one who gives little. It is a matter of
conscience, and here is the test: if none of
you have given clown to the point Where it
touches the quick, you haven't given enough.
And it does not make any difference how much
or how little you have, nobody is going to be
the judge but you, and there is only one law
by which you can judge--you must give until
it gets to the quick, you must give until it
costs you something and makes you give up
something. That means giving of What you
have to the point where you know it. I have
not suffered any yet, I need the preaching
more than anybody else; but all of us are
delinquent until We do really get to the
quick, and I am going to call you to the quick
line for this next year. It is not a question
of raising nine thousand dollars, it is a ques-
tion of raising twenty-five to fifty thousand
dollars this next year!
We must build a Temple Beautiful, not be-
cause it is in Chicago, but because it is the
first Mashrak-el-Azkar in the West. There
is room for gardens there and for service
buildings--these things will all be built in the
future; but that Temple of prayer, with its
nine open doors of welcome to all the people
of the earth to come and worship in the
silence and truth of the Spirit and hear the
Wo1'd of God's Love. That Temple need
not be big, but it must be beautiful. It
ought to be built, perhaps, so that it can be
enlarged by the generations coming after us.

