STAR OF THE WEST 157
loves all, why should we be unkind to each
other instead of loving one another? BAHA-
proclaimed the ideal of universal peace
among religions. The fundamental principle of
religion is one and the same-all the prophets
guided mankind to divine love. They have
called them to the knowledge of God. They
have taught them the unity of the human race.
They have summoned them to the furtherance
of human virtues. They have enlightened the
fundamental law of morality_ The differences
of the various religions are the results of
dogmas and imitations, so we must give up
dogmas and turn our faces to the foundation
of religion. Dogmas have always been the
cause of strife, while religion was always the
cause of Unity. proclaimed that
religion will again bring love and friendship
to mankind if it does not fulfil this duty, then
is it a failure. Religion must be the antidote
for all illness. If the medicine makes the sick-
ness worse, then it is better not to take it.
also said that religious prejudice
is the destroyer of the foundation of material
well being. All the messengers and prophets of
God were the servants of ethics. The greatest
to which man can attain is love. Love is the
principle of creation. Love is the cause of
illumination to the world of humanity. Love
brings happiness and peace to men. That is
why Christ said "God is love." The first and
greatest command of religion is love. The best
divine service is to announce and promulgate
love among mankind.
Womeii used to be oppressed in the Orient.
They were in every respect humiliated. They
were deprived of the opportunity to gain
knowledge. They could not study science or
art, and in politics they had no voice at all.
Men did not consider them their equal.
announced that women have the
same right as men. He uplifted their condi-
tions. He sai'd, "The world of humanity has
two wings, the one is man, the other woman."
As long as both are not sufficiently strong, the
bird cannot soar to the highest summit of the
mountain. Wlien women once have the ad-
vantage of education and improvement, then
will mankind reach perfection. The women in
the Orient have made great progress. Many
schools for girls have been established, in
which they are taught sciences and arts. They
now have the possibility of endless progress.
In this short time many wonderful women
among the Bahais have shown that they are
equally entitled to those achievements.
There are many wonderful teachings in the
writings of which have been pub-
lished in book form. They are such as will
bring great blessing to the world and will be
the means of establishing peace among man-
kind. In Persia many meetings are being held
in which different religions are represented,
Iewish. Christian, Mohammedan and Zoroas-
trian. There is harmony and friendship among
them. They are at all times ready to sacrifice
their lives for one another. They serve with
heart and soul in the cause of international
peace. For the spread of this cause more than
twenty thousand persons have sacrificed their
lives, because the old despotic rulers have op-
posed the ideal of peace. All the followers of
those religions were such fanatics that they
were always ready to shed the blood of others.
Such occurrences as we hear of in the Bal-
kans at present, and the blood which flows
there, is only the outcome of religious preju-
dices. Both parties, the Christians as well as
the Mohanimedans, declare it is a holy war,
and thus religion, which should be the cause of
peace, has become the cause of strife. Religion,
which should be the cause of uplifting human-
ity, has become the cause of her destruction.
Religion, which is the giver of life, has be-
come the cause of death.
In short, all these associations, which are
organized for the gain of the country or ex-
tension of commerce or the interest of parties,
bring only limited blessings. But the result of
this assemblage will be everlasting, its favors
are boundless, for it is established upon love.
Its fundamental principle is that we should
turn our faces toward the kingdom of God; its
aim is that God may breathe upon us. It is our
hope that the world of humanity may be united
and I hope this assembly may become a foun-
tain uniting the different religions, sects and
nations. Truly, I say, Stuttgart ought to be
very happy. I have seldom seen a more beau-
tiful city. I have visited many large cities,
such as Paris, London, etc., but never a place
which is so pretty and attractive as Stuttgart.
Wherever I go I see flowers and trees and
fruit trees laden with blossoms, and I must not
fail to mention, among other important things,
her citizens. The administration here seems to
be correct and kind and for that reason the
people have great possibilities. It is my great-
est desire that the inhabitants oi this city may
become the cause of spreading friendship and
brotherly love throughout the world so that
the light of brotherhood may shine from here,
so that the world of humanity may become the
abode of peace.

