B2 STAR OP
to ask all the delegates to urge the friends of
their respective cities to take hold with
greater activity in order that we may cancel
the remaining debt upon the Lake Shore
Tract so that future funds may be devoted to
plans, engineering and excavations for the
foundations of the Mashrak-el-Azkar, as we
have the privilege of making this payment in
full any time that we have the money.
BERNARD M. Jacoissan,
Secretary.
MR. Mounrroar M1LLs: Now that the Sec-
retary's report has been made, the meeting of
the Mashrak-el-Azkar convention is placed
squarely before us, and I would like to sug-
gest that we send a cablegram to Abdul~Baha
communicating to him the greetings of this
Assembly and supplicate his spiritual guidance.
THE Mr. Mills always thinks
of the right thing at the right time.
[Motion duly seconded and unanimously
carried and cablegram ordered sent.]
MR. Donna: If it is in order, may we move
that the Secretary's report be placed on file
for record? [It was so ordered]
I wish to make
a suggestion. While we greatly commend,
all of us, the successful efforts of the
friends throughout the country and other
parts of the world in raising funds, we should
not feel that we have done enough. You un-
derstand that Abdul-Baha is now sixty-nine
years old and will not be very much' longer
with us, according to the reckonings of our
nature and our experience in this world.
not, friends, so organize our efforts
to such fruitfulness as to precipitate the time
when the building itself will be achieved,
and then attract Abdul-Baha here to dedicate
it? For instance, all of us Baha-is are
interested in our daily work, but we could
stop for an hour and do some kind of work
that would not conflict with our daily duties,
sewing, washing, cleaning, writing articles for
the papers, writing books, doing, in a word, all
that could be convertible into cash, and in
that way raise the much needed money for the
building of the Mashrak-el-Azkar.
MR. LUNT: May I supplement what has
been said by our dear brother? We know that
Abdul-Baha has told us that these days are
swiftly passing and once gone can never be
recalled. It seems to me that for a matter of
nine thousand dollars we should not hesitate
to apply our utmost efforts, that we may save
time; save these precious days and anticipate
the payments the Secretary has told you
THE WEST
about, which if paid on the date they are due
will carry us along to the year I915.
The isolated unit is sadly ineffectual. One
city giving a lot of money and other cities
and towns giving very little, does not help this
fund very much; a few individuals who are
capable of giving $50 or $100 01 more, and then
a number of hundreds, or perhaps thousands,
who have not been stimulated to giving, who
might give, does not yield the aggregate; but
if we decide here in this convention to enact
a uniform system and plan and to send forth
from this convention a delegate and repre-
sentative from the general committee for the
raising of funds, who will go to his home
town or city, and who will there put into ef-
fect the plan decided upon here, it will be
attractive as coming from this convention and
will bear fruit. I would also suggest this: let
each one be called upon to give one dollar.
and let each one agree to find one other,
whether Bahai or person interested in univer-
sal peace, who will also give one dollar, and
would like to see a committee appointed to
report tomorrow, so that we might have real
spiritual consultation on it and see what we
may evolve.
THE CHAIRMAN: This is good. This is
the whole business we are here for. You
have struck the key note; we must build that
Temple, and we must build it now. And it
must be built by us. We might inspire some
capitalist or somebody else, with the glorious
possibilities of this thing, but that is not it;
this work has been the Work of love, of vol-
untary and glad sacrifice; it has been the best
investment that human souls have laid upon
the altar or put to any use in the last five
years. If any of you put any money in this,
you haven't any money that you have ever
earned or paid out in your life which
is so well invested as this is, and there
is no place where you can put your earnings
and savings hereafter to better use. It will
be set on a hill that will be seen of all men,
and best of all, that will be blessed of God,
and no giver to this Cause but will be repaid
out of treasuries that are boundless. I am
very glad that you have struck the key note.
This is what we came to New York for. We
did not come to New York to get money, but
we came to see you and to give you a chance
to invest in God's work.
Now, this is going to be the standing
topic, we will be in committee of the whole
all the while, and if the Spirit moves you to
a good thing, don't think that you are

