STAR OF THE WEST 73
lake shore tract of the Temple land should be
cleared as soon as possible--the main tract
being entirely paid for.
In compliance with this instruction and in
order to remove all obstacles that prevent the
accomplishment of the decree of Abdul-Baha,
revealed in the foregoing, the recent Con-
vention of the Bahai Temple Unity voted to
make every effort to raise the $9,000 still due
on the land, with the interest to accrue, by
September Ist, the date of the next payment.
A friend of the Cause has offered $1,000
conditional upon the remaining debt of $9,000
upon the land being paid, principal and in-
terest, when it falls due, September Ist. As
a means of encouraging further contributions,
an additional offer to add $100 to every thou-
sand which may be contributed in excess of
that amount (up to $20,000) has been made
by the same friend.
This offer bore immediate results, for when
it was announced another friend offered to
add another hundred to the above hundred,
so that to each thousand dollars which may
be contributed in excess of the amount neces-
sary for the cancellation of our debt, 20 per
cent will be added. WE MUST NOT LOSE
THIS OPPORTUNITY. Let EVERY ONE
of us unite to the limit of our opportunity to
secure this 20 per cent to the full amount of
their $20,000 additional offer, and to then
show such energy that Abdul-Baha may be
speedily attracted to return to America for
the dedication of the Mashrak-el-Azkar,
which he has repeatedly stated is THE MOST
IMPORTANT WORK in America today.
The members of the present Executive Board
hope results may enable them to imderta/ze
actual operatiom bef0re'th-eir term. of ofiice
expires one year hence.
BAHAI TEMPLE UNITY,
Corinne True, Firiarzc-ial Secrezfargl.
 i
HARRIET
February 6, I867.
the morning of April Ist, at Hermosa
0 Beach, California, our dear sister Harriet
M. Wise ascended to the Supreme Con-
course. For a long time she had been a pa-
tient sufferer, but her life was prolonged that
she might taste the sweetness of the past year,
when, in Iuly, with Mrs. Goodall and Mrs.
Cooper, of Oakland, she spent several glorious
days in the presence of the Center of the
Aid'
HARRIET M. VVISE
Covenant. She came home radiant in spirit
but sick in body, and steadily declined in
health.
During the last few days of her illness when
asked what message she would send to one
of the friends, she said: "It is all so
glorious 1"
tells us that He has made
death as glad-tidings, so the shattering of the
cage which encased her beautiful spirit should
not make us sorrowful. We rejoice spiritually,
M. WISE
April I, IQI3.
but the human heart has its portion of grief,
for the Los Angeles Bahai Assembly has
parted with one of the sweetest flowers of its
garden. We submit to the Divine Decree
without a question--just "radiant acquiescence."
A Bahai service, conducted by Mrs. Winter-
burn, Was held in Pasadena on Saturday after-
noon, April 5th, and on Sunday following a
memorial service, conducted by Mrs. Frank-
land, was held at the hall in Los Angeles.
The remains will be taken to the old home
at Akron, Ohio, for interment.
Henrietta C. l'Va_g'ne9'.
TABLET TO Miss M. VVISE.
HE IS GOD.
thou who hast tamed thy face towards the
Kingdom!
I read what thou hadst written. Know
thou that there is in the World of existence
a Center, for each great matter, and bounties
shower from that Center. For instance, in
the circle of the sun, the sun is the center
of the light. Likewise there is a real Center
for pure Love and now that Center is mani-
fest in this world, from which the Lights of
Love reflect to all parts of the Universe. If
thou partake but one ray from that Center,
thou Wouldst become self--sufficient from the
world, finding a new condition and witnessing
an exaltation which overshadows all the
existence. Pray God that thou mayest catch
with all thy exertion the Lights of the Love
from that Center.
Upon thee be greetings and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
September 5, 1905.

