STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post oflice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3,1879.
Editorial Stafl': ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: Mgnza human SOHRAB 7
TERMS $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Nore-- Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to NEWS SERVICE, P, O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill,, U, S. A.
. To personal checks please add suflicient to cover the bank exchange.
it -- --
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box Z83, Chicago, 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! I-IE Is Goo!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy" subscribers are limited,
thy form_ is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--ar1d at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
with Volume V, the STAR OF THE WEST
will be issued with a Cover, the pages will be numbered consecutively and an index to the volume
made at the end of the year for the benefit of those who preserve the issues with the intention of binding
them in book form. As we have no revenue from advertising it is evident thatwe are dependent upon
subscriptions, the price of which we have found it necessary to increase, beginning with the next issue,
March 21st, to $1.50 per year and 15 cents per copy.
Believing all will unite in this endeavor to increase the effectiveness of the STAR OF THE WEST,
we are Yours in The Center of The Covenant,
THE BAHAI NE IVS SER VICE
Vol. IV on 1, so (March 2,1914) No.19
MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR CONVENTION TO BE
HELD IN CHICAGO
NOW thou that the building of the Maslurak-cl-Azkar is the greatest foundation
in those regions. God said in the Koran: "Those who believe in Goal and
the Last Day, shall build the Temples of God." I is incumbent upon thee, and
upon all, to put fonth the best efiorls in these days, in building this glorious Temple:
raising the tumult of therein, during the wing of the night, at dawn,
and at eoenitide. It is incunibent upon ye (men and women) to be united in this
Great 'Cause, so that ye may be confirmed by the Divine Bounty and Merciful Spirit;
become increased with energy and power, gain a recompense and estimation. I implore
God, and supplicate to Him to niolee your feel firm in the straight path and the upright
Way. 
From Tablet to Claudio Stuart Coles, received in September, 1911.
EGARDING the mid--Winter meeting of
Rthe Executive Board of Bahai Temple
Unity held recently in Chicago:
The members of the Board came together
with an entirely new feeling, due no doubt to
the fact that the great task begun five years
ago had been successfully carried o-ut--that of
paying for the site on which is to 
first Mashrak~el-Azkar in that
they must face the next step in this glorious
undertaking.
From the pen of The Center of The Cove-
nant, Abdul-Baha, has gone forth instructions
t-o prepare a sum of from two to three hundred
thousand dollars bef-ore beginning the buildings
of the To this work of
gathering colitributions for the mentioned sum,
should the friends address themselves.
Communications from the Board Will, from
time to time, go to the various Assemblies of
the country, informing them of the progress
of the work, thereby stimulating and encourag-
[C0ntinued on page 322]

