STAR OF THE WEST 303
to tl1e Cause of God, and have endeavored
to promulgate his Verses widely.
Now, in for this great mercy,
we must strive to ofier the real prayer, rather
than merely the literal one. We must realize
the true mean-iwig thereof,' that is--we should
clothe ourselves with the attrilmtes of the
Blessed Perfection and become adorned with
the div-the qualities of His ystery and The
Center of His that we may be of
the few who are "chosen," and not merely of
the many who are "called."

From a Tablet revealed by "The Center of The 
NOVV thou verily these Divine Teach-
ings are heavenly and spiritual. They
penetrate in the heart as the penetration
of the heat of the sun, the outpouring of clouds
and the blowing of vernal winds at morning-
time upon the trees. When the lights (of these
Teachings) arose, they became spread, just as
the shining dawn spreads upon the horizons.
These wonderful traces shall surely appear
throughout all regions and their lights will
shine forth during centuries and ages forever-
more.
As to thy question: "Why pray? l'Vhat is
tlz-e wisdom thereof? For God has established
ezlerything and ertecittes the afioirs after the
best order, and He ordoihs everything accord-
ing to a becoming measure and puts things in
their (proper) places with the greatest tro-
[vriety and perfecti0rt--therefore, what is the
wisdom in beseechihg and supplicdtihg and in
stating o1ze's toants and seeking help?"
Know thou, verily, it is becoming of a weak
one to supplicate to the Strong One, and it
behooveth a seeker of bounty to beseech the
Glorious Bountiful One. 'When one suppli-
cates to his Lord, turns unto Him and seeks
Bounty from His Ocean, this supplication is
by itself a light to his heart, an illumination
to his sight, a life to his soul and an exaltation
for his being.
Therefore, during thy supplication to God
and thy reciting, "Thy Name is my healing"--
consider how thine heart is cheered up, thy
soul delighted by the spirit of the L0-ve of God,
and thy mind becomes attracted to the King-
dom of God! By these attractions, one's abil-
ity and capacity increase. \Vhen the vessel is
widened the water increaseth, and when the
thirst grows the bounty of the cloud 'becomes
agreeable to the taste of man. This is the
mystery of supplication and the Wisdom of
stating 0ne's wants praying).

THE MYSTERY QF FASTING
From Sacred Mysteries by irza Assad'ullah
NOW thou that Fasting is a command
given in all the Holy Books in all times.
The outward appearance thereof is re-
straining the self from that which is prohibited
in the Books.
Special times are appointed and particular
forms are ordained by every religion. The
Z-oroastrians have certain forms, the Jews
have others; the Christians, the Mohamme-
dans, each differ in their forms, and the Ba-
hais have forms of fasting differing from all
former religions. These apparent or outward
differences were according to the exigencies
of the times when given.
The outward fruit of fasting is the preser-
vation of the material health through the puri-
fying of the body once a year. The inward
fruits pertain to the other states of existence.
In the world of soul its fruit is the sanctity-
ing of the soul from the animal qualities and
clothing it with the intellectual attributes,
thereby releasing the soul from the lower hu-
man nature,
In the world of mind, it is the process of fil-
tering, sifting out the dust and taints and dross
of the self, and soaring to the Spiritual and
Divine Kingdoms.
In the world of spirit, it is the longing, the
aspiring to the stations of Divinity, and attain-
ing to the meeting of God in both this World
and those to come after death.
Thus one of the doors, through which one
may attain to the meeting of God and entrance
into His Kingdom, is fasting; but success de-
pends it/Jon following the forms prescribed in
the Heavenly Boole.
ch ~54

Another important point is this: l/Vhoever,
in this day, is firm and steadfast in The Cov-
enant of the Bllessed Perfection and keeps
{Continued on page 306]

