STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post office at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3,1879.
Editorial Stafl': ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
TERMS: $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Note--Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS P. O3 Box 283, Chicago, ll1,, U, S. A.
To personal checks please add sufficient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
than Star of the West! HE IS eon!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt $p1'C3.Cl in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ IS small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshalcable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
%hou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
rmness.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Asses.
Vol. IV Chicago (September 8, 1913) Eizzat No. 10
THE CENTER OF THE COVENANT
Lest some of the friends may think, When
reading Mr. Remey's excellent presentation
of this vital subject--publishcd in this issue
of the STAR or THE WEsT--that Abdul-Baha is
now teaching something new regarding "The
Center of The Covenant," we have reproduced
Tablets (see pages I70 and I75) which were
spread throughout America many years ago,
wherein is plainly stated that which is now
becoming clearly understood.
Abdul-Baha has always maintained this posi-
tion as The Center, although for some years
this Centership has been veiled from the peo-
ple because of their spiritual blindness.
>k 
In the foliowing Tablet, recently received,
Abdul--Baha sends greeting to all who are
"firm in The Covenant and Testament":
To Mr. Roy C. Wilhelm, New York City.
Upon him be 
I-IE IS 
than iny spiritual son!
Thy letter Written was duly received. Thank God that thou art
firm and steadfast in the Cause. Today the
magnetic power that attracts the divine con-
firmation is firmness and steadfastness. The
tree Whose root is firm will yield lucious fruit.
The building whose foundation is solid will
stand the rush of torrent and hurricane. The
steamer which is built strongly will resist the
battling waves. Therefore, thank thou God
that thou art aided in firmness and steadfast-
ness. Likewise, thy kind father and mother.
I beg from the divine Favors that each one
of you may be in the utmost state of firm-
ness and steadfastness like unto a mountain
and Withstand the attack of all the people of
the earth. Then ye shall observe how the
divine confirmations shall descend uninterrupt-
edly.
Convey on my behalf respectful greeting to
all the believers and the maid-servants of
the who are firm in the C07/enmzt
and the Testainenz'.
Upon thee be 
(Signed) ABBAS.
'l'1'a11sIated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab. August 2,
1913. Ramleh, Egypt.
ANTI-CHRIST
In Mr. Remcy's article is mentioned the
"spirit of anti-Christ." The words of Abdul-
Baha regarding this subject, quoted below,
may be of interest at this time:
"Some say Abdul-Baha is anti-Christ. They
are not informed of the Bahai principles.
established Christ in the East.
He has praised Christ, honored Christ, exalted
Him, called Him the Word of God, the Spirit
of God, raised the Name of Christ to supreme
summits of glorification. Throughout the
Orient the Bahais have illuminecl the lamp of
Christ and spread his mention.
"Did not His Holiness Jesus Christ ignite the

