6 STAR OE
and in the vegetable kingdom tl1e
plants all enjoy equal suffrage [laughter and
applause]. In the human kingdom, which
claims to be the realm of brotherhood and
solidarity, why should we raise this question?
The Social Plan.
The seventh teaching suggests a plan where-
by all the individual members may enjoy the
utmost comfort and welfare. The degrees of
society must be preserved. The farmer will
continue to till the soil, the artist pursue his
art, the banker to finance the nation. An army
has need of its general, captain, and private
soldiers. The degrees varying with the pur-
suits are essential. But in this Bahai plan there
is no class hatred. Each is to be protected and
each individual member of the body politic is
to live in the greatest comfort and haphiness.
VVork is to be provided for all and there will
be no needy ones to be seen in the streets.
The Parliament of lldan.
The eighth principle declares that there must
needs be established the parliament of man
or court of last appeals for international ques-
tions. The members of this arbitral court of
justice will be representatives of all the 11a-
tions. ln each nation the members must be
ratified by the government and the king or
ruler, and this international parliament will be
under the protection of the world of humanity.
In it all international difficulties will be settled.
Unit/e1'sal Education.
The ninth admonition is in regard to educa-
tion. All the children must be educated so
that there will not remain one single individual
without an education. In cases of inability on
the part of the parents through sickness, death,
etc., the state must educate the child. In
addition to this widespread education, each
child must be taught a profession or trade
so that each individual member of the body
politic will be enabled to earn his own living
and at the same time serve the community.
Work done in the spirit of service is wor-
ship. From this universal system of educa-
tion misunderstandings will be expelled from
amongst the children of men.
Universal Language.
The tenth principle is the establishment
oi a universal language so that we will not
have to acquire so many languages in the
future. 1n the schools they will study two,
THE WEST
the mother tongue and the international auxil-
iary language. The use of an international
auxiliary language will become a great means
of dispelling the differences between nations.
There are many other teachingsi'. I have
given you but a few. Praise be to God! that
day by day we are advancing and every day we
see some new blessing descending. Let all
of us render thanksgiying to our generous
Lord that he may bless our eyes with sight
and give unto our hearts understanding. May
we become resuscitated with the breath of the
Holy Spirit. May we be enabled to leave be-
hind the world of matter in beholding the
bounties of God. The divine table is spread,
the heavenly illumination is all-encircling;
eternal life is provided for all; divine food
is prepared for all! Therefore let us practice
the divine essence of love and love each other
from our very hearts and souls so that the
East and VV est shall embrace each other and
realize that all are the sheep of God. God is
the good shepherd-then will we gather under
the tabernacle of His mercy!
Afterward in the library the guests were
afforded the honor of meeting Abdul-Baha
and one picturesque little group that lingered
behind the rest pleased him mightily. There
were five Egyptian students wearing the red
fez, Abdul-Baha's suite standing in the back-
ground wearing the black fez--there was a
German, a Californian and a Welshman, whose
work lay in a Universal Brotherhood move-
ment a11d on whose work Abdul-Baha pro-
nounced a beautiful blessing.
Then changing his mood and laughing
heartily he talked in Arabic to the students
and, as befitting the occasion, he emphasized
again the great necessity for a Universal lan-
guage. He said that in the future many such
groups would gather from the four corners
of the earth for the purpose of mutual under-
standing.
*NoTn--On another occasion Abdul-Baha stated
that "the eleventh principle of is
The Power of the Holy Szairit, by which alone
Splritilal Development is achieved. N0 matter
how the material world may progress, no matter
how splendidly it may adorn itself, it can never
he anything but a lifeless body unless the soul is
within; for it is the soul that anirnates the body;
deprived of the blessings of the Holy Spirit, the
material body would be Editors.

