STAR OF THE WEST 37
Misunderstandings keep people from mutual
association and these misunderstandings will
not be dispelled except through the medium
of a common ground of communication. Every
intelligent man will bear testimony to this.
The people of the Orient are not fully in-
formed of the events in the West and the
West cannot put itself into sympathetic touch
with the East. Their thoughts are closed in
a casket--the universal language will be the
master key to open it. Western books will
be translated into that language and the East-
erner will be informed of the contents; like-
wise Eastern lore will become the property of
the West. Thus also will those misunder-
standings which exist between the different
religions be dispersed. Religious prejudices
play havoc among the peoples and bring about
warfare and strife and it is impossible to re-
move them without a language in common.
I am an Oriental and on this account I am
shut out from your thoughts and you like-
wise from mine. A mutual language will be-
come_ the mightiest means of universal prog-
ress toward the union of the East and West.
It will make the earth one home and become
the divine impulse for human advancement. It
will upraise the standard of oneness of the
world of humanity and make the earth a
universal commonwealth. It will be the cause
of love between the children of men and
create good fellowship between the various
creeds.
Praise be to God, that Dr. Zamenhof has
constructed the Esperanto language. It has
all the potential qualities of universal adop-
tion. All of us must be grateful and thank-
ful to him for his noble effort for in this
matter he has served his fellowmen well. He
has constructed a language which will be-
stow divine benefits on all peoples. With un-
tiring efforts and self-sacrifice on the part of
its devotees it gives promise of universal ac-
ceptation. Therefore everyone of us must
study this language and make every effort
to spread it so that each day it may receive a
wider recognition, be accepted by all nations
and governments of' the World and become a
part of the curriculum in all the public schools.
I hope that the business of the future con-
ferences and congresses will be carried on in
Esperanto. In the future two languages will
be taught in the schools, one the native tongue,
the other the international auxiliary language.
Consider today how difficult is human com-
munication. One may study 50 languages and
yet travel through a country and still be at a
loss. I, myself, know several of the Oriental
la11guages, but know no VVestern tongue. Had
this universal language pervaded the globe, I
should have studied it and you would have
been directly informed of my thoughts and
I of yours and a special friendship would have
been established between us.
Please send some teachers to Persia, if you
can, so that they may teach Esperanto to the
young people. I have written asking some of
them to come here to study it.
I hope that it will be promulgated very
rapidly--tl1en the world of humanity will find
eternal peace; all the nations will associate
with one another like mothers and sisters,
fathers and brothers, and each individual
member of the body politic will be fully in-
formed of the thoughts of all.
I am extremely grateful to you and thank
you for these lofty aims, for you have gath-
ered at this banquet to further this language.
Your hope is to render a mighty service to
the world of humanity and for this great aim
I congratulate you from the depths of my
heart.

SOUL, MIND AND SPIRIT
Talk given by Abdul-Baha, Ianuary 30, 1913, at 30 rue St. Didier, Paris
From Persian notes; translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
NE of the ladies present has asked me
0 to speak on the subject of soul, mind
and spirit. She desires an explanation
of these terms.
The terminology of ancient philosophers
differs from that of our time. In later ages
certain terms have developed through which
we see these subjects in a different light. Ac-
cording to some ancient philosophers, the
words soul, mind and spirit imply the underly-
ing principles of life, expressing the various
phases of the one absolute reality. They were
different names for the operations of one
essence. For instance, we say a man sees,
hears and speal<s--seeing, hearing and speak-
ing are the different performances of the same
power which animates man. Different schools
of thought have given different names to the
various operations of the one essence. For in-
stance, when some speak of the emotions of
consciousness they call it soul; when they ex-
press the discovering power of man they call

