STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good ot the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as b_rothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. TV Chicago (April 23, 1913) ]amal No. 3
ABDUL-BAHA ANSWERS MANY QUESTIONS ASKED BY
THEOLOGIANS OF PARIS
Sunday Evening, February 17, Monnier's Theological Seminary, Paris
From Persian notes; translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
[The audience was composed of professors, clergy and theological students]
BDUL-BAHA: How are you?
A PASTEUR MONNIERI We are all feel-
ing well and are exceedingly pleased to
have you bless our Seminary.
A.B.: I am likewise most happy to find 1ny--
self amongst you, and associate with you.
P.M.: We are very happy to find amongst
us a person who has come on the part of
God, and has brought to us a divine message.
A.B.: A person endowed with the power of
hearing shall hear the mysteries of God from
all things, and all creation will convey to him
the divine message.
If you permit us, we would like to
ask a question.
A.B.: Very well.
P.M.: As we are students oi theology, and
are in the rank of clergy, we would like to
-know who was Christ, and what was He?
Wliat is your belief about Him?
A.B.: Our belief in regard to Christ is ex-
actly what is recorded in the New Testament;
however We elucidate this matter, and do not
speak literally or in a manner based merely
on the foundation of blind belief. For in-
stance, it is recorded in the Gospel of St.
Iohn, that in the beginning there was the
Wo1'cl, the Wo1'd was with God, and the 
was God.
Now the niajoi-it"y of Christians accept this
principle as a matter of belief, but we give
an explanation and exposition which is ac-
cepted by reason, and in such a way that
no one may find occasion to reject it.
The Christians have made this statement
the foundation of the philoso-
phers deny it as mere superstition, stating
that the Trinity as regards the identity of
the Divinity is impossible; and in turn the
Christians do not give a satisfactory ex-
planation and interpretation to be accepted by
philosophers.
As the former base their whole exposition
of this subject upon the authority of the
Holy Scriptures, the latter do not accept it,
saying, "ls is possible to have three in one,
and one in three?"
We explain this subject as follows: The
eternality of the Word is not an eternality of
time, for it this were an eternality of time,
the W01-d would have been accidental, and not
eternal. By the Word we mean that this cre-
ation with its infinite forms is like unto let-
ters, and the individual members of humanity
are likewise like unto letters.
A letter individually has no meaning, no in-
dependent significance, but the station of Christ
is the station of the Word. Complete and in-
dependent significance is implied in a word.
That is why we say Christ is the \/Vord. By
complete significance we mean that the uni-
versal bestowals of the perfection of Divinity
are manifest in Christ.
It is obvious that the perfections of other
souls are particular, or only a part, but the
perfections of the Christ are universal or
the whole. The reality of Christ is the col-
lective center of all the independent virtues
and infinite significances.
For instance, this lamp sheds light, the
moon also illumines the night with its silvery
beams, but their light is not in their essence.
they receive their light from another source;
but His Holiness the Christ is like unto the
sun, His light issued forth from His own
identity. He has not received it through an-
other person, therefore we give Him the com-
prehensive title of the Word.

