STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post ofiice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Editorial Stafl: ALBERT R. WINDUST-GERTRUDE BUIKEMA --DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
i my '7 7 
TERMS: $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Not: further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI News SERVICE, P. O. Box 283. Chicago, 111.. U. S. A.
To personal checks please add suflicient to cover the bani: exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAI-IA.
thou Star of the West! ms Is son!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) Anus.
T701.  Chicago (June S, T913) Nur No. 5
THE 
Tablet from Abdul-Baha' concerning "Firmness in the Covenant"
To the maid~servant of God, Mrs. Harriet
Cline of Los Angeles, Cal.
Upon her be 
HE IS con!
thou beloved maid-5e1'z'ant of God!
Thy letter was received. It Was an indica-
tion that thou art spending thy days in the
Commemoration of the Blessed Perfection,
and art firm and steadfast in the Covenant and
Testament and art holding fast to the "Strong
Rope."
Today firmness in the Covenant is the means
of the promotion of the Vlford of God, and
conducive to the effect of the word of man.
Any explanation which does not accord with
the Covenant will have no effect whatsoever.
Therefore, whosoever heralds the Covenant of
God, unquestionably he is confirmed.
This has been tried a thousand times. Any
soul who violates the Covenant and Testa-
ment the least degree, immediately he is cut
015"; even in this material World he will become
afflicted with remorse and regret. Conse-
quently as much as ye are able, call the people
to the Covenant and make the souls firm and
steadfast.
Upon ye be 
ABBAS.
Translated by Ahmed Sohrab, Paris,
France, March 29, I913.

THREE KINDS OF PERSECUTION
Words of Abdul-Baha delivered during his sojourn in America
LL who stand up in the cause of God
A will be persecuted and misunderstood.
It has always been so; it will always be
so. Let neither enemy nor friend disturb your
peace, destroy your happiness, prevent your ac-
complishment. Fix your soul upon God. Then
persecution and slander will make you the
more radiant. The purposes of your enemies
will be reflected upon themselves. They will
be injured instead of you. Oppression is the
wind which fans the fire of the Love of God.
Welcome persecution and bitterness. A soldier
may bear arms, but until he has faced the
enemy in battle he has no right to a place in
the king's army. Let nothing defeat you. God
is your helper. God is invincible. Be firm in
the Heavenly Covenant. Pray for strength.
It will be given you, no matter how dilficult
the conditions.
When Abdul-Baha was sent to Akka, he ex-
perienced three kinds of persecution. Two
kinds were easy to bear. When he arrived in
Akka they placed chains upon his limbs and
circlets of steel were locked around his ankles
and knees. While the guards were doing this
Abdul-Baha laughed and sang. They were as-

