STAR OF THE WEST 113
Convey on my behalf the utmost kindness to all the friends of God.
Upon thee be the Glory of God!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Azziz'u1lah, Mt. Carmel, Palestine, June 25, 1920.)
A Bahai Pilgrimage to South America
(Continued from page 111)
see a movement that Would bring unity
in religions; it is good." He also Was
in favor of Esperanto, explaining that
Esperanto had several followers in Ma-
ceio. Another editor said Esperanto
had flourished there but that now it had
died down again. The Message was
given to nine men prominent in news-
paper and business circles in Maceio.
After breakfast at noon in the home of
a pleasant Catholic family, the two
Americans returned to the Itapuhy.
Nearing Bahia, so much was said
about the yellow fever, and ships from
Bahia to Rio de Janeiro Were so un-
certain, that Mrs. Vegas decided to re-
main on the I tapuhy and go on to Rio.
It was high sea, raining torrents, stom-
achs Were seasick, but When the little
boats came out to get the passengers
the only two men on board who spoke
English were Americans and both of-
fered to take Miss Root up to the hotel.
She came with a young man who is com-
ing to Bahia to be a Baptist missionary
in the interior of Brazil. He Was met
by two big strapping young men, one a
doctor, Who are also in Bahia as mis-
sionaries. It Was rather thrilling to
see them out in this far away place of
the earth where 80 per cent of the in-
habitants are Africans, to give their
lives to improve conditions.
Miss R-oot was ill as the result of the
storm and had a high fever. How vivid-
ly the Words came to her, "Let one not
call himself a captain until he stands
before the opposing army, nor a Bahai
until he meets the tests." The words
in the Tablets of the Divine Plan and
the prayers were her healing.
Bahia is a city of 280,000 inhabitants.
The word Bahia means, Bay of All
Saints. It was founded in April, 15-19,
by Thomas Souza, a noble, accompanied
by six Jesuits. The present popular
man who Will probably be re-elected
governor, Dr. Jose oaquim Seabra
says: "Bahia first sent out the rays
of civilization of Brazil. God placed in
its founders the best gifts of the Spirit
--and in its soil riches of all kinds."
The State of state and city
are called by the same name--is one of
the richest in Brazil. It produces every-
thing that the other states have but is
noted principally for its cocoa, tobacco,
coffee, diamonds, sugar, hides. It will
in time become one of the greatest World
seaports because its natural harbor is
good and it is nearer United States, Eu-
rope and Africa than Rio de aneiro.
There are 365 churches in the city of
Bahia. One who has made a study of
Brazil told Miss Root that many Bra-
zilians are changing their faith. The
higher classes among the men do not
care much for any religion. The ten-
dency among the literary is to become
rationalists, not altogether atheists.
Many of them have been educated in
France and their literature consists of
French philosophy and French novels.
Several of the distinguished public men
of Brazil are rationalists, but it is said
that the Women and lower classes are de-
vout Catholics.
Miss Root found the "thinkers" of
Brazil much interested in a universal
religion, and nowhere did she find an-
tagonism. She visited the Catholic
churches and approached the Bahai
Cause from the Catholic standpoint. If
Bahais come to Brazil they must learn

