238 STAR OF
Covenant of God, and some stood upon
the left hand of unhappiness, in
their impossible desire and erroneous
thoughts. The former became distin-
guished for their firmness and inflex-
ibility; noted for the effectiveness of
their word; their good name and suc-
cess in assisting the Cause, while the
latter were distinguished by their insta-
bility, degradation and shame. From
that day, the thorn of violating the Cov-
enant of God grew in the Garden of
the Bahai community and the signs of
senseless hatred and hostility proceeded
from a limited number of persons who
are known as the "nakazeen" (violators
of the Covenant). . . .
Although these people who violated
the Covenant received, during the life
of and after his depar-
ture, every kindness and favor from His
Holiness, ABDUL-BAHA, who considered
their welfare and prosperity before his
own and that of the faithful believers,
yet, on account of jealousy and selfish-
ness, they violated the Cause of God.
Thus came to pass that which was proph-
esied by the Christ
the people of the right
hand and the people of the left hand;
THE WEST
and each will receive the reward of his
deeds according to the justice of God.
Two important points increased the
flame of the fire of jealousy in the hearts
of these nakazeen, whose number does
11ot exceed thirty. One was that the
Bahais of all countries refused to accept
the seditious books and pamphlets for-
warded to them by the nakazeen. Ac-
cording to the command of 
they unanimously determined not to pay
any attention to these intrigues and
temptations, but took shelter, with the
utmost union and harmony, under the
banner of the' Center of the Covenant.
Another poi11t was that during a short
space of time the Cause of God became
far more widely spread than before,
through the fluent pen and brilliant ex-
planations of so the num-
ber of the Bahais became enormously
multiplied since the departure of BAHA-
The fame of the dawning-
place of the Light of the Covenant
spread throughout all regions, and his
holy Tablets became scattered as rose-
petals throughout all countries. His
great name filled the world with awe
and -the renown of his glorious deeds
reached all in the East and "Test.
Abdul-Baha's Supplication and Declaration of His Servitudc
He Is God!
God, my God! I ask thee to for-
give everything save my servitude
to Thy Supreme Threshold, and I de-
clare myself innocent of any announce-
ment or praise save my adoration in
Thy Merciful Presence. I isolate myself
from every garment save that of hu-
miliation and contrition of my evanes-
cence to Thy Lordly Oneness. I flee
from every station save the arrival to
the Court of Thy Lordly Everlasting-
ness. By Thy Power, verily, the sweet-
ness of servitude is the food of my
spirit, with the fragrance of servitude
my breast will be dilated, my being will
be refreshed, my mind will be quick-
ened, my heart will be delighted, my
eyes cleansed, my nostrils will be per-
fumed, and in it the healing of my dis-
ease, the allaying of my burning thirst,
the soothing of my pain.
Immerse me, my God, in this most
bounteous, rolling ocean, give me to
drink of this sweet, abundant Water,
cause me to enter this gateway of right-
eousness, ordain me for this praisewor-
thy station, cause me to obtain this cup
which is over-flowing with the pouring
water, light in the of my heart
this lamp which is giving forth its
illuminating, brilliant radiance and
strengthen me for the service of Thy
Cause, my Lord, the Forgiver! Ac-
cept my servitude in the Court of Thy
Holy Oneness, Thou, the Manifestor

