STAR OF THE WEST 271
News from England
LETTER neon E. T. HALL T0 MR. REMEY
Manchester, England.
November 14, 1920.
A lla-ho bha 
Mr. Mason Remey, 'Washington, D. C.
Dear Friend in the Bahai Faith:
We have received safely all your very
kind communications and rejoice that
you are in Europe again, and doing
mighty service in the Cause of El-Abha.
We have not a large gathering here yet,
for the War split us up and scattered us
for several years. We meet at Mr. Jo-
seph's room every Saturday evening.
Our gatherings number from twelve to
seventeen every Week. Vile Want at least
one hundred souls at these meetings;
and We are going to advertise our meet-
ings and the Cause more than We have
done up to now. You know our poverty
of purse and brains--I don't mean we
are in need or starving; not anything
like that--but people seem to Want big
musical evenings to attract them and
please them, or a very fine building to
come to, or Wonderful oratory to listen
to! And We are only Working-class peo-
ple, impoverished still more than usual
by the War.
However, We are united, brotherly,
and We love the Master; so eventually
all will grow and prosper. As you
know, I was in the hospital, very ill
through exposure in France, and have
been in a terribly weak state of body
ever since; but as I put a good face on
the matter, nobody realizes What I have
gone through. To have been shot and
finished in France would have been a
light matter (very light) compared with
this ill health. But God has mercifully
pulled me through to be more conscious
of His Presence and to understand and
love His Holy Servant more and more;
and to sympathize With every. stricken
one. This ill-health has been the cause
of my seemingly limited efforts. But
11ot a moment any day have I lost sight
of the importance of serving the Cause-
and perhaps triumph an-"aits us yet. At
any rate, the friends meet each Saturday
last night was the fifteenth meeting at
Mr. Joseph and great clieerfulness
and harmony and spiritual joy prevail.
Not a soul has been lost, though We were
split up for six years. Is not this tes-
timony to the vvonderful power of God
in Abdul-Baha? Of course We ovve such
a great deal to Bahais outside Man-
not have
kept the fire burning by correspondence.
In fact, We are the result of the activi-
ties of friends of God everywhere and
are bound up with them by countless
threads of pure gold.
So much for ourselves. Now I have
been requested by Mr. Joseph and all
the friends to ask you that, in the event
of your coming over to England--to
you come a little further,
to Manchester, and see us, and renew
the Wonderful fellowship which was be-
gun before the War. The effect which
you and Mr. Latimer had upon us all
then has been ineffacable; it was so
fragrant and so strong, that the friends
look upon your last visit as but a few
days ago, and are eagerly hoping to see
you again. idle are truly sorry We are
so far away and so few; and indeed it
would be asking too much, but our love
for you speaks out and We Wish to meet
you again. Mr. and Mrs. Chessel and
Mr. and Mrs. Craven and my Wife and
I would dearly like to see you. l\'Ir. Jo-
seph Will see to sleeping accommodation
for you and during the days We would
like our homes to be your homes, and our
tables to be your tables, and ourselves
at your service. It will also do the
Cause good here, dear friend, and that
is What we are all out for. So We shall be
happy and also doing good Work for the
Master and the great Cause.
Vilould you be so kind as to explain to
(Continued on page 2'74)

