STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long thou shalt become the Star of the -East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of'the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide-and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
lty. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
i (Signed) 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the Sr AR or THE W1-zsr, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of God-so that both in the
East and the West they may become informed of the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Annss.
STAR OF THE WEST FOUNDATION
ortheastern Sfafes: Hoorra Hnmus. Western fates; HELEN S. GOODALL.
Southern States: Dominion of Canada: MAY MAXWELL.
Central States: ALBERT VAIL, CARL SCHEFFLER.
Editorial Stafi': ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE ZIA M. Bscoant
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Vol. 11 Kalamat 1,76 (July l3, 1920) No. 7
Recent Tablet from Abdul-Baha to Mr. A. W. Randall
To his honor Mr. A. W. 
Upon him be the Glory of God, the Most Glorious!
He Is God!
thou Who art firm in the Covenant thou who art attracted to the King-
dom of Abha!
Thy letter has been received. Its perusal imparted greatest joy, because
that truthful servant of together with his honorable Wife, have
really, with perfect love, arisen in the service of the Kingdom. The happiness
of Abdul-Baha is confined to this fact: that some souls may, with the utmost
purity and severance from aught else save God, become attracted spirit
(unmixed spirit) and, Wholly submerged in the ocean of mindfulness and piety,
dedicate their time, day and night, to the service of the Cause of God.
His honor Fazel-i-Mazandarani is from those souls who have dedicated their
lives to the service of the Cause of God. It is my hope that his pure breath
may be the cause of the union and harmony of the friends.
The papers of Mr. Hearst are verily striving for the protection of the
rights of the public. I am supplicating that they may become the first papers
serving the good of the of humanity, so that they may keep alive the
blessed name of Mrs. Hearst and that this name (Hearst) may live permanently
till eternity.
The model of Mr_ Bourgeois, praise be to God, has become acceptable to
the friends, especially that it has proved approvable to his honor, Mr. Relney.

