STAR OF THE WEST 53
celebration, the first of that kind since
the extinction of the fire of war.
This morning Agha Ahmed Yazdi, his
elder brother and Ag-ha Mohammed Tag-
hi Esfahani were called to the Beloved's
presence. Tea was served and every-
body assumed almost an uninterrupted
silence for Abdul-Baha was all through-
out perusing the supplications of the
Egyptian friends, which had recently
arrived. Supplications from every cor-
ner of the globe, of different length and
character, written in diiferent languages,
enclosing clippings of papers, pamphlets,
typewritten reports, petitions, etc., are
ceaselessly pouring in and the time for
their perusal is sufiicient to exhaust all
the time that one might possibly have
at his disposal. Although the ways have
not yet fully opened and communica-
tion with all parts has not yet been
restored, one is bafiied at the amount
of letters, books and magazines that the
postoffice daily delivers.
A joint supplication from a group of
the Alexandria friends has been received
today. The same note is struck and the
same chorus is repeated--namely, re-
joicing at the news from the Beloved and
begging his confirmation. Although these
friends have not multiplied as fast as
their fellow brethren in Port Said yet
they have maintained all throughout
these trying ti1nes_ an esprit de corps
necessary to give them the initiative in-
their future activities.
A letter from Mirza Mahmood Zarkani
from Bombay to Haji Mirza Haider Ali
reveals the great longing of the Parsee
friends to meet Abdul-Baha, whether
this takes place in the Holy Land or in
India. The writer, who has been re-
cently granted the permission to visit
the holy sites, and has been journeying
throughout the center of India, had
been in Rangoon and was there con-
firmed in manifold services to the King-
dom' of Abha. His letter, however, con-
tained sad and unexpected news,
namely, the passing away of Agha Seyed
Mehdi of Rangoon and his son, who were
both active and tireless workers in the
Cause. Assuredly their station in the
realm beyond is a lofty one and their
reward abundant and glorious.
Bahjeh, Acca.
February 18, 1919.
My dear Ahmad 
Greetings with sweetest remembrances
to you, my far-ofi friend, from this hal-
lowed spot! From this solitary plain
of Bahjeh, in this solemn solitude, away
from life's tumult and bustle, I take
the pen in remembrance of a friend
With whom I passed many days in this
quiet, yet inspiring region. The Be-
loved has again decided to tarry for a
time at the vicinity of the tomb of his
father. Here he is, in the ad-
joining room, sitting by the candle
light, viewing from his window the soli-
tude from afar, the silent surroundings,
which nothing breaks save the distant
roar of the waves which die away in
the immensity of space. He is engaged
in his meditations, absorbed in his
prayers, thinking of his friends across
the seas, remembering their prayers and
their supplications and communing with
his heavenly Father on behalf of such
souls. What a vivid contrast does this
vicinity of the Holy Tomb represent with
the increasing activity of the life in
Haifa. The air over there was filled
with gases and vapors which steam and
motor engines continuously discharge,
while the atmosphere here is as pure, as
clear and as fragrant as it can be. The
traflic accompanied with its deafening
noise and bustle, gives way here to a
stillness, a calmness and a quiet-ude
which nothing interrupts but the still-
ness of nature. The dazzling lights
of the city are gone and nothing but a
flickering taper 's light cheers this cold
and starless night. The constant move-
ment and circulation witnessed in the
Beloved 's house has stopped, and tonight
everything is at a stand still, everything
quiet and at rest. The morning hour
of prayer is maintained and even length-

