STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of aitection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion, shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. S0 it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. ll Kowl 1, 76 (November 23, 1920) No. 14-
His Holiness Abdul-Baha
- From The ahai Proo fs, by MIRZA ABUL- FAZL.
A to the birth a11d life of His Holi-
ness, is his
Name was born, in Teheran, on the
5th day of the month amadi-ul-Aval,
1260 A. H. (May 23d, 1844), the same
day in which the "First Point" (the
BAB)--Exalted is his Supreme Name 
had declared himself. He was reared in
that city under the training of 
LLAH. The author has heard from his
own blessed lips, as well as from many
others, that he very often suffered perse-
cution and execrations, While yet a child,
from the fanatics of Teheran, during the
disasters which followed the appearance
of the BAB. When was
in chains in the prison of Teheran,
ABDUL-BAHA visited him. During the
time resided at Baghdad
by command of the Persian Govern-
ment, 1269 A. H. (1852-1853), His Holi-
ness, ABDUL-BAHA, was in his service
and constantly in his presence.
Although he had not studied in any
school, yet, from his youth, fountains of
knowledge flowed in his fluent explana-
tions. The first trace Which emanated
from his Holy Being in the world of
knowledge Was the treatise he wrote in
his early youth at Baghdad. This was a
commentary upon the holy tradition 
was an invisible Treasury as I loved
to be known, therefore I created men to
know Me." He Wrote this commentary
in answer to the request of one of the
Pashas. The author was present at a
meeting, when some one asked Haji-
Seyd-Jawad Taba-Tabay of Kerbela con-
cerning the life of The
great Seyd answered :--"That holy
being must be a shining Light whose
great son hath written such a treatise
during his childhood." By this the
learned Seyd meant that while it is im-
possible even for a scholar to show forth
such great (knowledge, how much more
impossible would it be for a person to
write such a treatise in his childhood
withouthaving studied. Therefore, such
knowledge is heavenly and not 
it is Divine wisdom, not human, and it
owes its origin to the Holy Spirit of God.
Thus, even in his childhood, the signs
of grandeur and dignity were manifest
from his brow and he showed forth phe-
nomenal intelligence and wisdom. His
wonderful speech in explaining abstruse
points astonished men of intelligence,
and his marvelous eloquence everywhere
attracted hearts and souls. His acute
judgment was a brilliant lamp in eluci-
dating intricate obscurities and his pene-
trative discernment in managing and de-
ciding different affairs improved the
condition of young and old. He was the
companion of and the
sharer of his afflictions during his suc-
cessive banishments from Baghdad to
Constantinople, thence to Adrianople,
and finally to Acca. All the people of
Baha resorted to him in their difficulties
and obeyed his decision. More especially
during the twenty-four years of BAHA-
residence at Acca, the trou-
bles of ABDUL--BAHA were so great that
no one but himself could have endured
such calamities. The very fact that
Acca was a place of exile for Turkish
suspects and prisoners, meriting the
name "Great Prison," given to it by the
Supreme Pen, is a sufficient testimony
of the tribulations and vicissitudes which

