STAR OF WEST 179
out taking any action at this time all the
delegates and friends in a body met in
the hall of plans. Mr. McGonigal, hav-
ing been introduced, outlined in sub-
stance as follows, saying that he was
forced to consider these various designs
from the point of view of only a few
minutes study of the tenets of the Move-
ment so that he was obliged to judge
largely from a purely technical stand-
point. He said further he Was 11ot
judging by virtue of the mystic symbols
of numbers which occurred in the var-
ious designs but as to the agreeableness
of the motif. Mr. McGonigal referred
to the difficulties in estimating cost of
building in the present disturbed, eco-
nomic and industrial conditions, saying
that it had become common that the labor
units would not respect contracts made
as to wages, therefore, he felt the thing
to do was for the delegates to decide
what they wanted and then get the
money for it. He then proceeded to
analyze the different designs, plans and
models before the Convention. Follow-
ing this analysis Mr. McGonigal kindly
answered a number of questions from
different delegates, including durability
of different materials, dimensions, struc-
tural possibilities, defects and changes,
the practicability of the tracery and
open spacing in the Bourgeois plan, etc.,
etc. The Convention conveyed its
unanimous expression of gratitude to
Mr. McGonigal for his most valuable
assistance on these important questions.
The chairman now introduced Mr. Ab-
bott, of the Fuller Construction Com-
pany, said to be the largest construction
company in the country. Mr. Abbott ad-
dressing the Convention illustrated how
impossible it is to estimate costs of
structure without first having some sort
of a sketch, plan and outline of what
the materials a.re to be, dimensions,
etc. He pointed out how building costs
had been mounting about four per cent
a month for the last three or four
months. Mr. Abbott commented gen-
erally on the models, saying that on the
base of diameter and height the expense
in accordance with geometrical ratio, the
same rule applying to the lacery effect
which compared with the solid dome. He
advised in the case of the Bourgeois
model to close up between the lace open-
ings with glass, keeping out snow and
ice which might otherwise expand and
break it. He figured roughly that marble
'Would be at least twice the cost of terra
cotta as construction material. Mr. Ab-
bott gave the Convention his rough esti-
mates of the ratio of cost of the various
models and plans to each other. In re-
sponse to questions Mr. Abbott gave
valuable information concerning the cost
of foundation based upon any one of
several kinds of soil. Certain questions
also brought out the fact that a or
underground room could be built up to,
say 27 feet high. For instance, in the
cast of the Bourgeois model, to stop at
the top of the first gallery, which could
be occupied for services prior to the final
completion of the Temple, it would cost
about fifty per cent of the whole cost.
Mr. Abbott later thought that this was
too low an estimate, that it might cost
up to sixty to seventy per cent. This,
however, would include the entire first
story and nine entrances and the ter-
race. He would estimate with a base-
ment of twenty-seven feet, to the
top of the first flight of steps, it would
be around twenty per cent of the total
cost.
The Convention unanimously and by
a rising vote expressed its warm thanks
to- Mr. Abbott for the great enlighten-
ment and patience with which he had
presented these matters based upon his
great experience along these lines.
Upon motion duly made and seconded,
it was voted that the Convention make
its choice of the Temple plans a.nd elect
the Executive Board this afternoon, to-
morrow to be devoted to teaching, pub-
lication and other problems.
It was moved and seconded that the

