252 STAR OF THE WEST
These people see only the superstitions
which are among the people but do not
see the. reality and the significance of
the religions; they see only the misun-
derstandings. They see only the blind
imitations. Religions a.re like mirrors
which are covered with dust and their
brilliance is entirely dull now. The dust
that has covered the mirrors is nothing
but these blind imitations or supersti-
tions. It is because of these supersti-
tions and ignorances, which have caused
dissensions among the religions of the
world, that they are inimical to each
other, and hatred has arisen among
them. Great Wars and bloodshed have
been brought about by these same blind
imitations. But when we look to see
the essential principles of all the re-
ligions We see that their aims have been
one. Jesus had the same aim as Moses
and Abraham and the other prophets,
and they had no other aim and no other
purpose except love and unity among
humankind. All these differences and
dissensions were brought about by the
aforementioned superstitions and men 's
ignorance. The primary principles are
unchangeable, but, of course, the sec-
ondary principles and branches are
changeable according to the exigencies
of time. We know that as time passes
everything is changed; as you say now-
adays, everything is changing. The
laws of commerce and of other transient
things are changing with the exigencies
of time. The only differences that oc-
cur in religions is in the outer and sec-
ondary laws, not in the essential prin-
ciples. There is nothing important
about those transient things, they
change with the exigencies of time. The
point to be considered is the principles
only. The people of the world do not
look at the principles and the impor-
tant points but they adhere to the tri-
fling things, so of course there is dis-
sension among them. These differences
in religions have caused the very de-
struction of the whole world. If a wise
1nan peruses the situation of the world
today, will he deny that in this time
and cycle there is need of unity among
religions? Gan all these differences and
dissensions remain as they are? How
long should there be differences in the
world, and when is the perfection of
the world to come?
has dawned from the
horizon of Persia, and has established
laws for the unification of all religions,
and he has made the world understand
that the reality and the principles of
all religions have been the same. He
has brought to light the foundation of
all religions, and these principles have
been published in his book. They
are the same things, but with new
explanations which are very effective
and influential, so that those commands
renew the world of soul and the world
of heart. We see that with Divine pow-
er he is dispelling those differences.
This is what we see with our own eyes.
What can be seen with the eyes and
felt with the heart cannot be denied.
If a mason claims he can build a
beautiful building and he builds it
right before our eyes, can that be de-
nied? Such a fact cannot be denied.
This is what claims. He
said his aim was to bring unity and
harmony among humankind. There is
unity among people who come under
his standard, and he is pointing
out to the people the real qualities of
religion and is dispelling superstition
and ignorance. This was his declara-
tion and claim, and he attained to his
aim.
We have come from the East. Now,
the East was the centre of fanaticism.
The people of the East were immersed
in such superstition and fanaticism that
they were very inimical to each other;
they even considered each other as fil-
thy and infidels, and they would not
communicate with each other, would not

