52 STAR OF THE WEST
Haji Mohammed Yazdi, Mirza Hussein
Yazdi, Agha Mohammed Taghi, three of
the Parsee friends of Adassish who
have recently arrived, Badi Effendi and
my father. The Master was tired and
did not converse long.
Major Tudor-Pole, due to a slight in-
disposition has had to postpone his
departure from Cairo, but, thank God,
his illness is accidental and not at all
serious.
February 16, 1919.
My dear Ahmad:
From among the supplications recent-
ly received is one that is most significant
and of particular interest as it ema-
nates from a Greek friend who is one of
the few, if not the only of her race, that
has responded to the call of the King-
dom. Let me share with you its con-
tents: "Our father, I am very glad
because I am the first of the Greeks to
believe in your name. Many years ago
my heart was broken because my life
was full of bitterness . I don 't know why
fortune is so sad for me. Perhaps
sometimes I am very whimsical, and of
course the good Father sends punish-
ment; however, I think otherwise with
so much bitterness that I have every
day. But I make my sweet prayers
and then my feelings are at rest. I love
God and I believe in the Father and I
believe in the Apostles of God. dear
Father, how could I do otherwise than
believe in you because many times my
mind is so tired, but when I take your
picture, and I read one of your prayers,
I feel just like a bird when it rains,
and its feathers are wet and it can-
not fiy, but when the sun 's rays come
out, is happy and flies from tree to
tree--exact1y I feel every minute when
I make my prayers in your name. I
shall not stop all my life, until I am an
apostle for your name, to my people.
(Signed) Aspasia Diamesis, Chicago."
Behind this broken language and this
urbane style is revealed a heart loving,
compassionate and full with the joy of
faith and the gratitude of assurance.
She begs enlightenment and guidance for
her people-and appreciates the supreme
favor that divine Providence has be-
stowed upon her. What the response of
the Beloved will be, or rather how far
the Lord's favor and blessing will sur-
round her, is one that we can hardly
venture to forecast, but one thing is sure,
that the Tablet that will be revealed to
this soul will act as a mighty impetus in
awakening the Greek people to this call.
This morning Abdul-Baha went out
for a long walk and returned an hour
before noon, when he resumed his work
which consisted mainly of the perusal
of detailed supplications from Persia.
I had a long interview this morning
with Agha Mohammed Taghi covering a
wide range of topics which were mostly
related to the activity of the Egyptian
friends and the news he had received
from abroad during the war. From
Ishkabad, in Russian Turkestan, letters
had come which revealed the safety of
the friends in that tumultuous region.
He had been in constant correspondence
with the Indian friends whose activity
he highly commented upon and whose
services he praised. It was on the
whole a very profitable and interesting
hour.
ii
February 17 1919.
My dear Ahmad:
A day of jubilee is ahead of us. The
arrival of a group of the Parsee friends
of Adassieh, including men and women,
has not been without a definite purpose.
Another marriage festivity is to take
place between Shahrey, the son of Tam-
shid the Parsee, and the daughter (the
eldest) of a Tamal, who has been living
for many years in the vicinity of Abdul-
Baha. The circle of the Adassieh friends
is ever widening and the experiences
along such lines has proved to be of
great value and benefit. Preparations
are now being made for that day and
everybody is looking forward to the

