STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR 0F THE West!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
if (Signed) ABDUL--BAHA Anus.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to youl
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the Sr AR or -rm: Wnsr, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the West they may become informed of the most important events.
i (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA fmnas.
STAR OF THE WEST FOUNDATION
Northeastern States: Hoorsn Hamus. Western States: HELEN S. GOODALL.
Southern States: Dominion of Canada: MAY MAXWELL.
Central States: ALBERT VAIL, CARL SCHEFFLER.
Editorial tafi ALBERT R. ZIA M. Bnormm
Honorary Member: AHMAD SOHRAB
Vol. ll if Kamal 1, 76 (August 20,1920) i No. 9
Editorial-"Become ye United in the Days of God"
From the news items of a. few of the activities in the Cause as recorded,
we can see how the springtime of this New Dispensation is being heralded;
but there is need for many teachers. The soil of human hearts everywhere is
but awaiting the gift of the gift which contains the germ of
real life, the Message of the New Day.
Abdul-Baha tells us: "The believers of God in reality display much
efiort; but this effort must be expended in the right direction." He tells us
also that he has drawn for us "the plan of God"; that he has "explained the
Principles of "Now the promotion of those Principles depends
upon their (the believers) co-operation."
We have in these last words of Abdul-Baha one of the ways to attainment,
to the accomplishment of the service, at least in part, to which he has been and
still is calling us. It is certain that all efforts will be immeasurably success-
ful if there is the necessary co-operation.
The Center of the Covenant tells us to travel and teach, teach the Cause
"or choose others and send them" (Divine Plan, page 30). "Now this is the
time that you may arise and perform this most great service; travel throughout
the world and call the people to the Kingdom of God. How is this to be accom-
plished save through co-operationi For what other time shall we wait? "These
numbered days" are getting fewer and fewer. How very brief indeed is the
remaining time, the last hour of our supreme opportunity for the most heavenly
and glorious service ever vouchsafed to man. The saints and chosen ones through-
out the ages longed to live at this timeprivileged
and blessed, show our thankfulness and devotion save through sacrificial services
rendered day and night?

