STAR OF THE WEST 209
that the average number of guests is
about fifty, this is in addition to about
one hundred members of the family and
those who have so many years been asso-
ciated with them. The mass of mail
nearly all the Oriental people have en-
dured during recent years, the Mash-
rekol-Azkar at Ishkabad was built and
now nearly all of its accessories are
nearing completion as wellitat13-?w--43? . w'-F 3* 1 2. .1ifV.-gt{mi em$.at-if 'tutu; .. 
. . - . ~,1-as - 4.. 1
ea>> -i . - 1. -  5'1 
Ltd'23-353iv' we1.. i-ca . st 
l. Mr~109:1.2. 3
.  
I 
- -.1513 "Qv 'tin In-ix' - 
av>> --wit -. 5- . - 
11>> at .: -- -
..-. Wt. as/.23.1-1 as gr-1-3:11F9), "wig.11weLt'. pk kyfi 
'FAC-SIMILE OF TABLET TO THE FRIENDS IN AMERICA, CONCERNING
DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI. HIS WIFE AND HER SISTER.
Entire Tablet is in the handwriting of Abdul-Baha.
which comes to Abdul-Baha in boxes and
baskets, it is, of course, impossible to
even read. Four interpreters give a
large part of their time in an endeavor
to select those letters which are most im-
portant--such as deal With important
matters that pertain to the Cause.
When serious trouble overtook Russia,
great numbers of the priests and reli-
gionists of all existing orders were
kil1ed--the Bahais alone were protected.
With the building of the Mashrekol-
Azkar at Ishkabad, Russia, widespread
attention was attracted and it became
evident that the principles of the Bahai
Cause and the intention of the Bahais
were pure. Notwithstanding all these
troubles and the financial hardship
For nearly twelve years, we in
America who have supposed we pos-
sessed an energy that was unique, have
talked of building a Mashrekol-Azkar.
The friends in the Orient have long
been waiting for the counterpart of their
Temple to take form in the Western
World. Twelve years have passed and
as yet the foundation of the Mashrekol-
Azkar in Chicago has not been laid. To
use the expression of Abdul-Baha, "The
matter is dragging." We of the United
States, statisticians tell us, are the most
prosperous people in the world. Wlien
in this country Abdul-Baha said that
when the most important thing is at
hand, that which is important must wait.
Abdul-Baha tells the story of a widow

