158 STAR OF THE WEST
Week about spreading the Cause, and
of course they should make it a point to
ascertain What has already been decided
upon.
Another important thing is that all
these meetings should Work together in
harmony and unity. The mission of the
Bahai is one of service and there is noth-
ing besides that. Our greatest desire is
to render service. Consultation is one
of the explicit commands of Abdul-Baha,
but the time and place can be of your
own choosing.
MR. LUNT: Just one point. I Wish
to clarify one point: How is the mem-
bership of the friends Who elect the
House of Spirituality to be determined,
Who determines that membership, and
What are the qualifications of those who
elect the House of Spirituality?
JENABI FAZEL: The members (of the
assembly) should elect those Who choose
the (nine) members (of the Ho-use of
Spirituality) .
MR. LUNT: How are We to determine
the qualifications, the conditions, how do
we determine the membership, the gen-
eral membership Which elects these nine
--I mean the Whole body of the assem-
bly'?
JENABI FAZEL: The first condition is
sincerity and firmness in the Cause-
this is the laW--and of course this should
be carefully considered. This is more
important than anything else because
it is the center of the Cause. The cen-
ter should be clear and pure. It is like
a source from which all the streams
spring. If the source is not clear, hovv
can the stream be clear? It must be
pure. If it is not, it Will be of no use.
The first condition is sincerity and firm-
ness, and they should be firm in the
Center of the Covenant, sincere in every
Way and be ready to sacrifice their lives
for the Cause. One should have no will
except the Will of God. He should not
be tenacious and persist in his own opin-
ion. If somebody has a better opinion,
he must change his opinion at once.
Wh-at aim do we have except servitude?
This position is a very important one
and carries with it much responsibility.
In the Tablets revealed by Abdul-Baha
these conditions are mentioned in detail.
You have all heard of the important po-
sition Which such a Spiritual Meeting
holds. They are the chosen representa-
tives of Abdul-Baha in every city and
town.
MR. I should like to have
it clearly defined if there is any differ-
ence between the Spiritual Meeting and
the Spiritual Assembly and the House
of Spirituality?
JENABI FAZEL2 So far as I know, the
House of Spirituality and the Spiritual
Assembly (and Spiritual Meeting) are
exactly the same.
MR. LUNT: Suppose new people come
to a meeting today (or have been) com-
ing for a number of months. Suppose
they say, "We believe We are Bahais."
Suppose We have a meeting called to
elect the House of Spirituality, shall We
notify these people, Who say they be-
lieve, to come and help elect the House
of Spirituality, or shall We have some
committee pass upon their qualifica-
tions?
JENABI FAZEL: All those Who are Ba-
hais have the right to vote. They should
elect a number of people, and those who
are elected should choose the nine (con-
stituting the House of Spirituality).
The Ba-hats are Zmowh everywhere. They
could not be anything else.
MRS. Hones: Just one question: In
choosing the members of the House of
Spirituality, should the committee be
larger than the number chosen; do you
usually have a larger committee to choose
the House of Spirituality?
ENABI FAZEL: Naturally, a larger
committee should choose a smaller com-
mittee; of course they cannot be nine
themselves and choose eighteen. They
must choose out of their own members.

