STAR OF THE WEST 71
spreading everywhere. From East and
West comes good news. Great news
has come to the Orient from America.
"In former times in the Orient there
were so many difficulties. There was no
security of life. Now there is better
work and greater security. In the same
city many meetings are held, some-
times thirteen in one night. The Mas-
ter is exceedingly pleased. The more
success the more happiness. The prophe-
cies are fulfilled today and the calami-
ties of the world show that there is no
way out of diificulties other than the
divine Cause. I hope that all the
friends will unite in serving -humanity.
This is what is most pleasing to the
Master."
THIRD SESSION OF THE BAHAI
CONGRESS.
Mrs. H. Emogene Hoagg, presiding
at the third session of the Congress, read
the divine Words: "This is that which
descended from the Source of Majesty,
through the tongue of power and
strength upon the Prophets of the past.
We have taken its essences and clothed
them with the garment of brevity, as
a favor to the beloved, that they may
fulfill the Covenant of God; that they
may perform in themselves that which
He has entrusted to them and attain the
victory by virtue of devotion in the land
of the Spirit."
Mr. Alfred E. Lunt, -also presiding,
spoke: "The harmony of the past has
to such an extent ceased that that peo-
ples are sounding sharps and flats with-
out the real tones. All quarrel among
themselves and are off the real key. How
greatly do we need the divine harmony!
Everything in the world has a counter-
part, which is counterfeit. This is the
law of duality. Travelers in the desert
see the mirage as water, but it is un-
real. Duality penetrates this world.
But this condition of material things
may be analyzed and disclosed to the
mind. But duality in the realm of
mind and heart are not so easy to dis-
cern. It is impenetrable to the senses,
but not to the of the soul. Jesus
said, 'Flesh and blood hath not revealed
it to thee, but the Spirit of my Father.'
"Now in the appearance of the great
Bab, in the lives and teachings of BAHA-
and of the Center of the Cov-
enant, Abdul-Baha, we find the Mes-
sengers of the Ages. The voices of this
world call to the swamp and the mirage.
But the voice of the True One calls to
the heavenly Path. This is attained
through sacrifice. These friends who
have come from the East represent the
of Persia. "Then Badi offered
himself, he came from the Holy Pres-
ence a new creation. It is from this
type that our dear friends l1a.ve come.
We welcome them to America. They
have brought us happiness and unity."
Mr. Hooper Harris, in part said:
"What do we mean by divine Revela-
tion? The words, precepts and teach-
ings which come through the Prophets
of God, with the authority of God. The
Prophet of God always speaks with au-
thority. Thus it was with Jesus, who
voiced the power and great inspiration
of the Holy Spirit. In these latter days
the torrent of revelation has again come
to us. The authoritative will of God
by His. dominion and power is divine
Revelation.
"God has revealed Himself in this
day to teach us what civilization really
is. All that is good in the Christian
civilization must be traced to Jesus
Christ, whose influence was transcend-
ent, but whose example is now refused.
But He brought victory to those who
really followed Him. How wonderful
was He! How much more so than Plato
and the other great philosophers! The
power of the Words of Jesus changed
the hearts and stirred the souls to action
and sacrifice. So, too, the Prophets of
God are greater than the scientists. The
war has shown that the greatest fruits of
science may be used for waste and de-
struction. Civilization based upon sci-

