12 STAR OF
upward to the summit of oneness with-
out wing. In every moment they tra-
verse the world of creation east and
west, and in every moment. pass through
the kingdom of the seen and the un-
seen."
Behind Abdul-Baha's words shines
this divine experience, this exalted con-
sciousness, this resplendent joy, this
heroic will and a love which will often
melt a heart of stone. For twenty-four
years, when he was in the prison city of
Acca, a fanatical Mohammedan fakir
cursed, persecuted, reviled him. But
Abdul-Baha poured out upon him -love
and kindness, sent him a physician when
he was ill, food when he was too poor to
buy for himself. But the man always
refused to speak to Abdul-Baha and
showered upon him his fanatical curses
and abuse. The love of "the Master of
Acca" never varied in its divine sweet-
ness and holy power. At last the fakir
came to Abdul-Baha's door, threw him-
self at his feet, and said: "Forgive me,
Sir! For twenty-four years I have done
evil to you. For twenty-four years you
have done good to me. Now I know I
have been in the wrong."
It is this love and victorious spirit-
ual power shining through the spoken
and written words of both 
and Abdul-Baha which makes them so
powerful in transforming hearts and
minds. Through their writings and
spiritual radiance thousands of lives
have been raised from the graves of ma-
terialism and prejudice and selfishness
into the glorious consciousness of God's
new day. Through their words they
put one into connection with their spirit,
which is simply the life of God shining
from the mirrors of their minds with
the full-orbed glory of the new cycle.
This new light shining from their spirits
has lifted a multitude of Mohammedans,
Christians, Jews, Parsees, Buddhists,
Hindus, of many lands and races, into
the open plains of the most universal
spiritual brotherhood the world has ever
THE WEST
seen. It has so endowed these many
souls with heroic love and the spiritual
vision which looks through 
into the heavenly glory beyond the
transparent screen called death, that
twenty thousand men, women and chil-
dren have joyously laid down their lives
for this great and universal movement
toward religious rebirth, world unity
and peace.
In a word, the Bahai movement is a
proclamation of the principles of the
spiritual springtime soon to sweep over
the earth. "The Bahai Movement is the
spirit of the age. It is the essence of
all the highest ideals of this century.
The Bahai Cause is an inclusive move-
ment; the teachings of all religions and
societies are found here. Christians,
Jews, Buddhists, Mohammedans, Zoro-
astrians, Theosophists, Freemasons,
Spiritualists, et al., find their highest
aims in this Cause."
The Bahai Movement is transforming
and uniting peoples of so many races
and religions because it states these uni-
versal principles in universal terms and
reinforces them by the lives of great
masters who not only proclaim the truth
but are "the life, the truth, the way."
Guidance hath ever been by words, but
at this time it is by deeds." "The truth
of words is tested by deeds and de-
pendent upon life. Deeds reveal the
station of a man." (Hidden Words of

The Bahai Cause is a new tree of life
growing in the orchard of the old, very
old trees of the historic world-religions.
These trees were once young and beau-
tiful, and they yielded heavenly fruits.
Now a new tree, vital, glorious in spirit-
ual perfection, "With world-wide grow-
ing capacity," is the need of the hour.
The Bahais believe that in the universal
teachings and spirit of 
and Abdul-Baha they have found that
tree of life whose leaves shall be for
the healing of the nations.

