STAR OF THE WEST 131
of mothers have wept and lamented for their boys who have been beheaded. All
this oppression and cruelty, rapacity and blood-thirstiness did not hinder or
prevent the spread of the teachings of They spread more and
more every day, and power and might became more evident.
It may be that some foolish person among the Persians will affix his name
to the contents of the Tablets of His Holiness or to the explana-
tions given in the letters [Tablets] of Abdul-Baha and send it to that esteemed
Assembly. Ye must be aware of this fact, for any Persian who seeks fame or
has some other intention will take the entire contents of the Tablets of His
Holiness and publish them 'in his own name or in that of his
community, just as happened at the Universal Races Congress in London before
the war. A Persian took the substance of the Epistles of His Holiness BAHA-
entered that Congress, gave them forth in his own name and pub-
lished them, whereas the wording was exactly that of His Holiness 'LLan.
Some such souls have gone to Europe and have caused confusion in the minds
of the people of Europe and have disturbed the thoughts of some Orientalists.
Ye must bear this fact in mind, for not a word of these teachings was heard
in Persia before the appearance of Investigate this matter so
that it may become to you evident and manifest. Some souls are like parrots.
They learn any note which they may hear, and sing it, but they themselves
are unaware of what they utter. There is a sect in Persia at present made up
of a few souls who are called Babis, who claim to be followers of His Holiness
the Bab, whereas they are utterly unaware of His Holiness. They have some
secret teachings which are entirely opposed to the teachings of 
and in Persia people know this. But when these souls come to Europe, they
conceal their own teachings and utter those of His Holiness for
they know that the teachings of His Holiness are powerful and
they therefore declare publicly those teachings of in their own
name. As to their secret teachings, they say that they are taken from the
Book of Beytm, and the Book of Beycm is from His Holiness the Bab. When
ye get hold of the translation of the Book of Beyrm, which has been translated
in Persia, ye will discover the truth that the teachings of are
utterly opposed to the teachings of this sect. Beware lest ye disregard this
fact. Should ye desire to investigate the matter further, enquire from Persia.
In fine, when traveling and journeying throughout the world, wherever
one finds construction, it is the result of fellowship and love, while every-
thing that is in ruin shows the effect of enmity and hatred. Notwithstanding
this, the world of humanity has not become aware and has not awakened from
the sleep of heedlessness. Again it engages in differences, in disputes and
wrangling, that it may set up ranks the
arena of battle and strife.
So is it with regard to the universe and its corruption, existence and non-
existence. Every contingent being is made up of different and numerous ele-
ments and the existence of everything is a result of composition. That is to
say, when between simple elements a composition takes place a being arises;
the creation of beings comes about in this way. And when that composition is
upset, it is followed by decomposition, the elements disintegrate, and that being
becomes annihilated. That is to say, the annihilation of everything consists in
the decomposition and the separation of elements. Therefore every union and

