132 STAR OF THE WEST
color, of leaves, of flowers and of fruits, each will contribute to the beauty and
charm of the others and will make an admirable garden, and will appear in
the utmost loveliness, freshness and sweetness. Likewise, when difference and
variety of thoughts, forms, opinions, characters and morals of the world of man-
kind come under the control of one Supreme Power and the influence of the
composition among the elements is the cause of life, while dissociation and
separation is the cause of death. In short, attraction and harmony of things are
the cause of the production of fruits and useful results, while repulsion
and inharmony of things are the cause of disturbance and annihilation. From
harmony and attraction, all living contingent beings, such as plant, animal
and man, are realized, and 'from inharmony and repulsion decay sets in
and annihilation becomes manifest. Therefore whatever is the cause of har-
mony, attraction and union among men is the life of the world of humanity,
and whatever is the cause of difference, of repulsion and of separation is
the cause of the death of mankind. And when thou passest by a garden
wherein vegetable beds and plants, flowers and fragrant herbs are all com-
bined so as to form a harmonious whole, this is an evidence that this plantation
and this rose garden have been cultivated and arranged by the care of a perfect
gardener, while when thou seest a garden in disorder, lacking arrangement and
confused, this indicates that it has been deprived of the care of a skillful gar-
dener, nay, rather, it is nothing but a mass of weeds. It has therefore been
made evident that fellowship and harmony are indicative of the training of the
real Educator, while separation and dispersion prove wildness and deprivation
of Divine Training.
Should anyone object that, since the communities and nations and races and
peoples of the world have different formalities, customs, tastes, temperaments
and morals and varied thoughts, minds and opinions, it is therefore impossible
for ideal unity to be made manifest, and complete union among men to be
realized, we say that differences are of two kinds. One leads to destruction, and
that is like the difference between warring peoples and competing nations who
destroy one another, uproot each other's families, do away with rest and com-
fort and engage in bloodshed and rapacity. That is blameworthy. But the
other difference consists in variation. This is perfection itself and the cause of
the appearance of Divine bounty. Consider the flowers of the rose garden.
Although they are of different kinds, various colors and diverse forms and
appearances, yet as they drink from one water, are swayed by one breeze and
grow by the warmth and light of one sun, this variation and this diiference
cause each to enhance the beauty and splendor of the others. The differences in
manners, in customs, in habits, i11 thoughts and opinions and in temperaments
is the cause of the adornment of the world of mankind. This is praiseworthy.
Likewise this difference and this variation, like the difference and variation of
the parts and members of the human body, are the cause of the appearance of
beauty and perfection. As these different parts and members are under the con-
trol of the dominant spirit, and the spirit permeates all the organs and members,
and rules all the arteries and veins, this difference and this variation strengthen
love and harmony and this multiplicity is the greatest aid to unity. If in a
garden the flowers and fragrant herbs, the blossoms and fruits, the leaves,
branches and trees are of one kind, of one form, of one color and of one
arrangement, there is no beauty or sweetness, but when there is variety of

