50 STAR OF THE WEST
the Tablets that had been revealed, leav-
ing us with our friend Whose source of
news and glad tidings seemed inex-
haustible.
Abdul-Baha remained in doors until
3 P. M., when Major Nott came and
motored him to the house of the Com-
mander-in-chief, Sir Edmund Allen-
by. This was the second time Abdul-
Baha had called on the General and
this time the conversation centered
around the Cause and its progress. In-
terest seems to have been stimulated and
eagerness to learn more of the Truth
intensified. This time, as Well as last,
was particularly noted for the warmth,
the reserve and the respect which char-
acterized the conversation of General
Allenby with the Master. He is a very
gentle, modest and striking figure, warm
in affection, yet imposing in his manners.
Tonight a telegram received from
Ahmed Lafonat in Jerusalem, fixing
Major Tudor-Pole's arrival at Jerusalem.
on the lelth inst. and his departure the
17th. We will be delighted to meet
again this young and active friend who
is doing what he can to bring about the
comfort and the satisfaction of the Be-
loved.
 i
February 14, 1919.
Dear Ahmad:
Abdul-Baha spent the Whole forenoon
in correcting and signing the sixty Tab-
lets that had been made ready during
the past days and as I am dropping you
these lines he is having his 
hot bath which ameliorates so much his
health and strengthens his physical con-
stitution.
Tonight we had another concrete evi-
dence of the merit and value of Major
Tudor-Pole's article in the Palestine
News. Indeed, inquirers and seekers
multiply with astonishing rapidity, a
keen interest is aroused and a wide de-
mand is being pressed more and more.
The contributor of the article, Miss His-
cox in Cairo and Miss Rosenberg in Lon-
don, are in correspondence with many
souls, most of them in active service,
who desire to learn more about the
Cause than this introductory article
of Major Tudor-Pole presents. Abdul-
Baha was Weary, tired and sleepy as
a result of the heat of his bath and was
intending to sleep when a slight knock
at the door revealed the presence of
a non-commissioned officer at the door
seeking an interview. Admittance was
cordially granted and there was Private
Sinclair, a Britisher, working as an as-
sistant at the Red Cross Egyptian hos-
pital in Haifa. During his sojourn in
Cairo, when visiting its reading room,
he had come across Bahai literature and
had thereby caught the first glimpse of
the Cause. The perusal of Major Tudor-
Pole's article raised his interest to its
highest pitch and henceforth he became
an ardent inquirer. From What could
be gathered from his countenance, he Was
so lowly, so respectful, so gentle and so
modest that the first words of the Be-
loved were to this effect: am glad
to meet thee for thy face is illumined,
thy brow is pure, thy heart is clear and
thy purpose is right." He then took
from his pocket a letter of introduction
from Major Tudor-Pole, referring him
to Miss Hiscox for information about
Baha.i literature and giving the address
of Miss Rosenberg in London, inviting
him to quaff from the fountain-head.
A search so sincere, an interest so lively,
an earnestness of tone so genuine has
hardly been remarked in any of the pre-
vious callers and inquirers. In view
of his earnest inquiry and his lack of
any preconception, the Master spoke in
detail of the main purpose of the Bahai
teachings, the idea of peace and recon-
ciliation, the most immediate need of
mankind. He told him the futility of
men's effort to establish a lasting peace,
resting on secure foundations, through
material means. Whenever such efforts
have been exerted they were doomed to
failure. History affords a striking illus-
tration. "From what I can gather from
the events during my life", said Abdul-

