STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of afiection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and difl'er-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. ll Jalal I, 76 (April 9, 1920) No. 2
The Coming of the Promised One
Address by HOWARD C. Ivns of New York City, delivered at the Eighth Session
of the Bahai Congress at Hotel McAlpin, New York City, Wednesday
afternoon, April 30th, 1919.
DID you ever stand upon a high point
and see the sun rise? I have stood
among the foothills of the Rocky>>Moun-
tains and Watched the dawn break over
the hills, the morning star gradually
dimming in its glory, the faint first rosy
light creeping up the horizon, and then
gradually, above the mountains, the first
rim of the radiant glory of the orb;
then lifting, and lifting, and flooding
the earth with its glory. Not in all na-
ture is there such a sight; nothing will
compare with that wonderful miracle.
I have heard it said that if it happened
only once a year people would be on
their knees for days before, longing,
searching, for the first sign, hoping for
that coming. Imagine, friends, if it
only happened once every thousand
years. Stretch the wings of your imag-
ination and think of the legends that
would be handed down from father to
son, and son to son, from generation to
generation and think how they would
watch the constellations of the 
praise be to God, even in the darkest
night, there a.re stars in the sky--and
think how the traditions would have
mentioned that, before the dawning, a
morning star would appear, and when
that morning star ar'ose above the hori-
zon and gradually found its Way toward
the zenith, think how men 's hearts Would
leap with joy, and they would say, "He
is coming! He is coming! I have seen
his sign in the sky!" And then think
What a dawning that would be when the
Stenographically reported.
sunrise came once only every thousand
years. You could not stand and wait
for it. The father Would see the first
faint gleam upon the horizon, and the
sons would see it gradually grow and
grow, and the grandsons Would see the
first faint roseate tinge upon the moun-
tain tops, and the great-grandsons would
look and long for the orb to appear, and
the great-great-grandsons would see it
gradually rise above the horizon.
My friends, there is not one single
thing in all this World that is not a sym-
bol of the spiritual reality, and what I
have just painted in Words for you is
an actual fact. The Sun of Reality rises
only once every thousand years or so,
the stars in the heaven precede his dawn-
ing, the hearts of men become Weary
through the night as they watch the
stars in the sky and long for the coming
of that which the stars promise.
Throughout the ages it has been said
that in the time of the coming of the
Sun of Truth there shall be a new
heaven and a new earth. What does that
mean"? Certainly not that this sky shall
be changed and this earth beneath our
feet altered. No! The sky that We see
and the earth beneath our feet are but
symbols again, just as the sun is a sym-
bol and the stars are symbols. The sky is
a symbol of the heaven of religion and
the earth is a symbol of the hearts that
are softened for the springtime.
Many thousand years ago a Sun ap-
call his name Abraham--a

