STAR OF THE WEST 187
our ears to enjoy the celestial melodies
of the Heavenly Word. This is our
greatest hope. This is our ultimate pur-
pose."
"This is in reality a goodly meeting.
My hope is that the meeting in New
York shall become What it should be,
for a Bahai assembly must be as a meet-
ing of the Supreme Concourse. When
yo-u assemble together you must ac-
quire the lights of the Supreme King-
dom. Let your hearts be as mirrors
reflecting the radiance of the Sun of
Reality. Every bosom of the bosoms
must be a telegraphic station, one ter-
minus of the wire in the bosom of each
soul and the other in the Supreme Con-
course, so that inspiration may descend
from the Kingdom of Abha and right
things be discussed. Then will opinions
coincide with Reality, day by day there
Will be general development and each
meeting become better, more radiant
and more spiritual. This attainment is
conditioned upon perfect unity and
agreement. The more you realize of
agreement and love, the more the con-
firmations of God and the help of the
Blessed Perfection will descend to as-
sist you. May this be a divine meeting
and boundless bestowals come down
upon you. Strive with heart and very
life that day by day agreement and
unity may increase. In discussions look
toward the Reality without being self-
opinionated. L-et no one assert his own
mere opinion, nay rather, let each in-
vestigate the Reality with the greatest
love and agreement. Consult together
upon every matter and when one pre-
sents an exposition of Reality that shall
be acceptable to all, then will unity and
spirituality increase" among you. Your
illumination will be greater, your hap-
piness and joy more abundant, and you
will draw nearer and nearer to the
Kingdom of 'God. 
Mrs. True then read the Tablet con-
cerning laying the cornerstone and
and foundation of the Mashrekol-Az-
kar, as follows:
thou beloved maid-servant of
God I Your detailed letter was perused,
and from its contents it became evident
that the debt on the land and on the
Mashrakol-Azkar is clear. This news
made the hearts happy and caused in-
finite rejoicing. Now, it is hoped that
the believers of God may show magna-
nimity and raise a great sum for the
building so that the foundation of the
Mashrekol-Azkar may be laid, and
perchance, God willing, the cornerstone
of the foundation may be laid by the
hands of Abdul-Baha. This confirma-
tion Will descend upon the people of
America if they will arise and endeavor
with great courage to establish union
and harmony, so that "every trace of
difference may be uprooted and all may
become as one heart and one soul. Con-
vey the wonderful Abha greeting to all
the friends and the maid-servants of
the Merciful. Upon thee be Baha-El-
Abha!"
The roll of the delegates was now
called and forty-nine delegates certified
to their presence.
Mrs. True read portions of two other
Tablets from Abdul-Baha" with ref-
erence to laying the foundation of the
Mashrekol-Azkar. It was brought out
in the discussion that followed that any
one of the plans before the Convention
could be so modified without impairing
any essential feature, as to bring the
cost either to a minimum, intermediate
II1 .
After full and deliberate discussion
of the entire question including the best
means both practical and ideal by which
to arrive at the selection of some one
definite plan, it was duly moved, sec-
onded and unanimously carried that the
Convention proceed to an informal bal-
lot to determine which plan it would
select for the structure of the divine edi-
fice, and that prior to the taking of the

