STAR OF THE WEST 307
ceived, and have been attentively pe-
rused. Praise thou God, that thou art
confirmed in service to the Kingdom
and art encompassed by the blessings of
His Holiness Heavenly
confirmations are descending upon thee
and lordly assistance is encircling thee.
Thou art eloquent at every gathering
and art responded to at every assem-
blage. Souls listen in the utmost glad-
ness to thy words and in case a soul
objects or antagonizes he will ultimately
be awakened and made aware, for the
powerful and mighty souls and the rul-
ing potentates have failed to resist the
call of the Kingdom. Nasser Ed Din
Shah, the Sovereign of Persia, and Ab-
dul Hamid, the Sultan of Turkey, have
tried to resist the call with all their
power and might, but the call has been
raised higher every day and those two
blood-thirsty autocratic sovereigns have
been inflicted with a severe loss and dis-
appointment.
In short, engage with all thy power
in raising the call of the Kingdom of
God and rest thou assured that assist-
ance and confirmation shall descend
upon thee. The attracted maid-servant
of God, Miss Juliet Thompson, is indeed
spiritual, lordly and merciful. Extend
to her my greeting. His honor, Mr.
Wilhelm, exerts his eifort under all con-
ditions and contributes extensively for
the Bahai Cause. Undoubtedly, other
souls should join him in promoting the
work of teaching. To the believing
maid-servant of God, Miss Buskin, con-
vey greeting and congratulation for her
marriage.
Souls are still unaware of the power
of the Covenant. This testament is
neither a tradition or a tale. It has
been established through the pen of His
Holiness with the utmost
firmness and undoubtedly if all the peo-
ple of the world join in endeavoring to
uproot it, they will all eventually fail
and be disappointed. What can there-
fore a handful of people do?
The power of the Covenant is like
unto the sun and those who have acted
contrary to it are like transparent
clouds. The Sun of the Covenant dissi-
pates dense clouds and causes them to
vanish. Vilhat then will it do to these
imaginary mists? Thou dost consider
that in all regions the Call of the Coven-
ant is being raised and in the utmost
power. His Holiness Christ said to Peter,
"Thou art Peter and upon this rock I
will build my Church." This Word could
not be resisted by all the people of the
world and eventually it has been made
evident and manifest. At present His
Holiness has through His
sacred pen established this Covenant in
the utmost power, perfection and clear-
ness. Consider then What power it yields.
At present some superficial souls like
unto bats are plotting together in the
dark, and say to one another that this
Sun of the Covenant shall be eclipsed
and the resplendent Moon of 'the Testa-
ment shall be concealed. But the Sun
of the Covenant through one effulgence
shall disperse and annihilate these bats.
The poems were in the utmost sweet-
ness and delicacy. My hope from the
bounties of His Holiness 
is that thou mayest become the cause of
the awakening, the supplication, the
prayer and the guidance of souls.
In case Mr. Kelsey will in the utmost
longing and desire join thee in thy jour-
ney to China, Japan and India, and is
able to endure its hardships, and will
not give up its responsibilities, it is
highly advisable.
Convey to Dr. Mullaney on my behalf
the utmost kindness and give her this
message: "Praise thou God, that in the
midst of this darkness that has encom-
passed this World thou hast been
illumined, and hast been guided and
hast been made the recipient of bounty.
Thou must be eternally grateful to the
soul who has been the cause of thy guid-
ance, for that soul hath guided thee."

