STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. ll Sultan l, 76 (January 19, 1921) No. 17
i 0 1" 
What an Oriental said to an Occidental
BY ARTHUR S. Aennw
evening in Cairo two gentle-
men called upon us at the hotel
where we were stopping. They were
friends of our interpreter. Both were
tall and straight, dressed in long, flow-
ing, spotless robes, and would have been
received as men of distinction in any
gathering. One of them was a man of
the desert and in our rooms at the hotel
he seemed as far away from contact
with things as if he were out
under the stars alone with his God. The
vitalized air of the desert seemed to float
around and exhale from him. After en-
joying a very pleasant visit we noticed
he was having quite a conversa-
tion with the interpreter, and as the
Words of his discourse began to come to
us through the interpreter we found
ourselves listening to a most profound
discourse. Had we known what was
coming We would have taken notes from
the beginning, so great was the impres-
sion made upon us all. As it Was, the
words were ended, they had bidden us.
adieu and were gone before we real-
ized it.
That was many years ago and now
it seems fit that this thought should be
recorded. But I regret that I shall have
to express it in my own way, for I can-
not remember his illustrations nor ever
hope to produce anything like the Won-
derful words he used; all I can remem-
ber is the great idea he so beautifully
set forth.
Before attempting to reproduce his
argument, I wish to bear "tribute to the
wonderful personality of this man oi:
the desert, the winds that cheered him
seemed to blow over the desert of self-
forgetfulness of his heart and its lumin-
ous stars seemed mirrored in his eyes,
While his whole being seemed warmed
with the spirit of severance from all
things save God.
Consider first that little animal or in-
sect whose life consists of less than a
day (ephemeral)--of which the morn-
ing sun Witnesses the birth and the en-
tire life is consummated before the eve-
ning sun sets beneath the horizon. If it
were an intelligent thinking creature it
would assume the world to be eternally
bathed in sunlight.
Consider next the annual plants of
our gardens. Their life begins with the
warm days of spring and under the im-
pelling force of the summer sunlight
they burst into bloom and in the chill
days of autumn fold their leaves about
them and close up their existence. If
they were intelligent thinking creatures
they would know the sun not only shines
in the daytime but drops below the hori-
-zon at night to furnish a period of sleep,
rest and refreshment, only to arise again
on the following day a fiery orb to de-
mand, of them new exertion.
Now consider the shrubs and trees
which survive the winter and which
make a greater growth each year. If
they were intelligent thinking creatures
they would know that not only day fol-
lows night and night follows day, but
that another action of the earth and sun
caused the sun to rise from a new point

