STAR OF THE WEST 319
can never be so. \Vhile they are needful
of God, the more they supplicate, the
richer they become.
What is their merchandise, their
wealth? In the other World what is help
and assistance'? It is intercession.
Undeveloped souls must gain prog-
ress at first through the supplications of
the spiritually rich; afterwards they can
progress through their own supplica-
tions.
"In this great dispensation Thou dost accept the intercession
of the sons in behalf of their fathers"
Tablet from to Albert R. \Vindust.
To Mr. Albert R. Windust, Chicago, Ill.
--Upon him be El-Abha!
He Is God-!
Thou Almighty! Thou Forgiverl
The servant of Thy Threshold, VVin-
dust, turns his face toward the Kingdom
of Abha and begs for his father* Thy
Grace and Bounty. Thou Omnipotent
Lord! In this Great Dispensation Thou
dost accept the intercession of the sons
in behalf of their fathers. This is one
of the special infinite bestowals of this
cycle. Therefore, Thou kind Al-
mighty! Accept the request of this thy
servant at the Threshold of Thy Sin-
gleness and submerge his father in the
ocean of Thy graces--because this son
is confirmed in the accomplishment of
Thy services and is displaying the ut-
most of effort. at all time in the path-
way of Thy love! Verily Thou art the
Giver, the Forgiver a11d the Kind!
thou divine servant!
Be thou not unhappy on account of
the death of thy father. All of us will
hasten from this World to another world.
This mundane life has no importance
whatsoever. It is our hope that in the
divine World we shall find eternal union
and seek everlasting fellowship, Impor-
tance lies in this fact. This station is
*Thomas Wllindust, printer, was born
in London, England, November 12th,
1849. Died at Chicago, 21st, 1913,
and was buried in Mount. Hope Ceme-
tery, May 23rd.
obtained through faith and self-sacri-
fice in the path of God. Consequently
we must make an effort to obtain hap-
piness and joyousness in the other world.
Convey the wonderful Abha greeting
to the believers. Chicago, in compari-
son with the cities of America, was in
advance and numerically contained more
Bahais. But when the stench (vile
odor)'of the nakazeen was spread i11 that
city there was stagnation. The Cause in
other cities of America is progressing
day unto day, but Chicago is stationary.
Therefore, strive that the sweet fra-
grance of the Testament and the Cove-
nent may become diffused, the nostrils
of the spiritual ones become perfumed,
the banner of "Ya-Baha-el-Abha!" be
unfurled and the tent of the oneness
of the world of humanity be pitched.
Then ye shall observe that Chicago will
become the Paradise of Abha. These
few nakazeen cannot accomplish any-
thing worth While. The utmost is this
that they will be the means of the droop-
ing of the believers of God in that city.
A person deprived of the spirit of the
Covenant is sentenced as dead. The
dead surely disintegrate. Tlierefore,
breathe the spirit of the Covenant and
the Testament as much as ye can in the
hearts so that the souls may progress
day unto day and obtain a new exhilara-
tion.
Upon thee be Baha-el-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS I
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
July 4th, 1913, Port S-aid, Egypt.)

