176 STAR OF THE WEST
tion any delegate representing more
than one assembly should have but one
vote in the Convention. An amendment
was ofl'ered which was seconded, that
each delegate be entitled to only one
vote but that this shall apply only to
this Convention. This amendment hav-
ing been put to a vote was declared lost.
The question was then put on the origi-
nal motion which was carried.
The chair announced that the exhibi-
tion of plans and models of the various
designs of the Mashrekol-Azkar was
open for inspection in two adjoining
rooms. The Convention recessed to meet
at 12 :30 P. M.
MONDAY AFTERNOON SESSION
The afternoon session, April 26, 1920,
of the Convention was opened with sing-
ing of the hymn, "Tell the Wondrous
Story."
The Mt. Vernon, Virginia, Assembly,
Mrs. Elizabeth Nours-e, delegate, was
recommended for membership in the
Unity by the Executive Board, and
upon motion duly made and seconded,
the recommendation was accepted.
Upon motion duly made and sec-
onded, Alfred E. Lunt Was made
permanent secretary of the Convention.
Upon motion duly made and sec-
onded, Mrs. Mariam Haney was made
assistant secretary of the Convention.
The chair announced that the next
business was the consideration of the
matter of the selection of the plan for
the Mashrekol-Azkar. Mrs. True, by re-
quest, read the verbatim account of the
interview between His Holiness, Abdul-
Baha, and William H. Randall, at Haifa,
in December, 1919, concerning the se-
lection of plans by this Convention
(this conversation is in substance con-
tained in the secretary's call for the
election of delegates, under date of Feb-
ruary 18, 1920). The closing words of
Abdul-Baha concerning this are these:
"You must make a great effort, and in-
spire the friends to do everything they
possibly can for the building of this
Mashrekol-Azkar in order that it may be
started as soon as possible. That must
be done at this Convention.' 
On the suggestion of R-oy Williams,
of Atlanta, Georgia, the Convention
Went into silent prayer for a few min-
utes that the hearts of all might be
opened and the minds free from any dif-
ferences of opinion in approaching this
tremendous decision.
Upon motion duly made and seconded,
it was voted that each architect be given
twenty minutes to explain his model.
Mr. Lunt inquired whether it would not
be an advantage in reaching a decision
to have the verbal opinion of a building
or construction engineer as to the cost of
the various models.
Upon request, Mrs. Joseph H. Han-
nen, o-f Washington, D. C., chanted the
prayer "Is there any remover of diffi-
culties save God?"
The chair called upon Charles Mason
Remey of Washington, D. C., to ad-
dress the Convention concerning his
plan and model for the Mashrekol-Azkar.
Mr. Remey stated in substance that the
paramount thought in the hearts of
each of us is that the will and desire of
the Center of the Covenant shall be
Worked out in deliberation in this Con-
vention of friends. He outlined his
conceptions of the Mashrekol-Azkar
evolving through a period of the last
twelve to fourteen years, stating that
nine preliminary designs of different
styles of architecture had been made by
him and exhibited throughout the
country, including schools, colleges and
universities. Mr. Remey then depicted
interestingly the Indian style of archi-
tecture; it was an adaption of the Per-
sian style and the World famous Taj
Mahal in Agra, India, pointing out that
the Ishkabad Mashrekol-Azkar was built
on those lines. The model made by him,
exhibited in the next room, was a model
of this Indian style. He further stated
that the Indian style was the smallest

