STAR OF THE WEST 87
has a charm of its own, to which many
Persian writers, as Well as foreigners
traveling in that country, have testi-
fied.
The Indian style of architecture,
which is an adaptation of the Persian
style, had its development during the
Mogul rule in India. Some of the finest
examples of this style are found in the
vicinity of Delhi, lndia's ancient capital,
while the World-famous Taj-Mahal near
the city of Agra, is without doubt the
best known and by many the most ad-
mired building of the epoch.
The Taj-Mahal is finished Within and
without With White marble inlaid With
jasper, lapis lazuli, and other semi-
precious stones. It is surrounded by a
garden intersected by waterways sepa-
rated by richly colored fiowers and foli-
age, and produces an effect of beauty
beyond the power of Words to describe.
Recent Tablets from Abdul-Baha to Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
To his honor, Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
New York him be BAHA-
El-Abha!
He Is God!
thou servant of the Holy Threshold!
Praise be to God, that the events of
the Cause from the East and the West
are conducive to the utmost rejoicing.
The fame of His Highness 
has encircled the orient and the occi-
dent, and the voice of the promotion oi
the Cause has reached the Supreme Con-
course.
According to what they have written
from California, you have become fully
confirmed in service in that region. This
is the result of the promise that I have
made to thee. Today, whosoever is a
herald of the Covenant, he becomes tri-
umphant and victorious by the cohorts
of the Orb of Regions and is honored
and the object of the glances of merci-
fulness. God willing, the event of your
wedding, ere long, will likewise come to
pass. In Convention this year it must be
unquestionably solemnized.
The School of Tarbiat used to receive
some assistance from the American
friends. Undoubtedly, you have this
matter in mind. If a contribution could
be forwarded through the Convention, it
would be very acceptable.
Thou hast written that if a Persian
teacher could come to those states and
travel for awhile, it would be most
timely; therefore we have written to
Persia and ere long a ripened soul with
an interpreter will be forwarded, so that
for a time he may make a tour through-
out America and then return. Undoubt-
edly in their reception you will demon-
strate the utmost magnanimity.
Likewise, yourself, at the opportune
time, travel throughout all the states and
with the utmost exhilaration and tumult
raise the call of the Covenant, thus the
favors of the Orb of Regions may en-
circle the globe.
Upon thee be Baha-El-Abha!
A (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
March 27, 1920, Washington, D. C.)
--ii
[Portion of a Tablet received by Mrs.
Ella G. Cooper of San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, in regard to Mirza Ahmad Soh-
rab's trip in the West:]
He Is God!
thou beloved daughter!
Thy detailed letter, dated December
7th, 1919, written to Shoghi Efiendi, Was
received. Its contents produced the ut-
most rejoicing for it was indicative of
the promotion of the divine teachings
and the attraction of the hearts to the
Kingdom of the Lord of Hosts. Like-
wise, the power and might which became
manifest from Aga Mirza Ahmad in the
diifusion of the teachings and the pro-
mulgation of the l/Vord of God. This is
purely through the confirmations of God
and the help and assistance of His High-
ness 
Consider ye, that a youth from Persia,

