84- STAR OF THE WEST
found to be very much alike in essence.
The doctrines of Christ, of Buddha, and
of Mohammed greatly resemble each
other. As with religions so it is with
architecture. If you resolve the differ-
ent architectural systems to their ideal-
istic basis, laying aside all extreme
forms, you will see that they harmonize
so perfectly that they can be blended
without one discordant note. That is
what I have tried to do in the Temple
of Peace--~to combine all architectural
modes into a symbol of the Bahai Move-
ment."
Wlith a burst of enthusiasm the sculp-
tor-architect declares: "It is 
Temple. am only the chan-
nel through which it came 
In its general shape the Temple gives
one the feeling of a spiritual symbol
arising with an inevitable fitness, from
the very earth.
The first story breathes the spirit of
Welcome. It is in the form of a nine-
pointed star. Nine circular exedras
curve into the building, with a great
doorway in the center of each, so that
from whatever side one approaches, the
structure seems to extend its arms in
welcome and embrace. The first story
in its simplicity suggests the Greek and
Egyptian temples, while the treatment
of the doors and windows is Roman-
esque in form, and the intricacy and
-beauty of the ornamentation suggests
the Gothic a11d the Arabic.
The second story, beautiful in its win-
dowed elegance, is renaissance in line,
but purely Gothic in the interlaced
arches of its openings.
The third story is renaissance in feel-
ing, restful and quiet. Above it rises
the lovely dome, which suggest the
Byzantine, while above the closed top is
a unique beams of the
dome arising like hands clasped in
prayer, so as to give the feeling of ascen-
sion and aspiration found only in Gothic
towers.
An intricate system of ornamentation
covers the columns, surrounds the win-
dows and doors and comprises the dome
itself, and in this one deciphers symbols
of all the religions of the world, inter-
lacing and blending perfectly.
Here are the swastika cross, most an-
cient of all; the circle; the triangle; the
double triangle, known as Solomon 's
seal, the symbol of the sun, the five-
pointed star representing the Man-Saw
iour, be He called Christ, Buddha or
Mohammed; the Christian cross; the
Greek cross, and finally, the Bahai sym-
bol of the nine-pointed star.
There is a very human side to the
modeling of the Temple of Peace. Mr.
Bourgeois has had the Temple in mind
for nine years, but it never began to
take definite form until four years ago,
after he had attended the convention of
the Bahai Movement in Boston. Then,
suddenly, in an hour 's time, the archi-
tect sketched the lower story of the
Temple. At first he thought he could
model the structure in three months, but
he found that, so colossal was the task,
that it took three years.
Now the architect is not rich, and he
realized that if he worked at his model
the family income would cease. His
wife is also an artist, but, sympathizing
with his work, she bought a little store
in West Englewood, New Jersey, where
they live, and While he worked with the
plaster, she sold ice cream and candy
and other wares to the people of the
community.
When he needed plaster for his first
carving and was out of money, he went
into the garden, filled his wife's clothes
basket with Dorothy Perkins roses, which
covered the arbor, carried them to New
York and sold them for five dollars, with
which he bought the needed material.
He says his wife is really the "Tem-
ple builder;" for, had it not been for
her sympathy and cheerful sacrifice, he
never would have carried to completion
the gigantic work.
The Bahai Movement will surround the
great Temple with a community that will

