Z42 STAR OF THE WEST
porary activity, but soon, like unto Judas Iscariot and his associates and those
who approved of his conduct, they shall be completely forgotten. The ocean
of the Covenant, on the other hand, is eternally surging, for it preserves Bahai
Unity.
At present arise ye with all your power to promulgate the Covenant and
expound these matters to those who are Weak and feeble and tell them that
communities after Christ have opposed this clear and explicit declaration when
He said to Peter: "Thou art the rock and upon this rock I shall build My
Temple," and have thus been Wholly deprived of the breaths of the Holy
Spirit and have been ruined and exterminated.
Today, the Lord of Hosts is the defender of the Covenant, the forces of
the Kingdom protect it, heavenly souls tender their services, and heavenly
angels promulgate and spread it broadcast. If it is considered with insight,
it will be seen that all the forces of the Universe, in the last analysis serve the
Covenant. In the future it shall be made evident and manifest. In view of
this fact, What can these weak and feeble souls achieve? Hardy plants that
are destitute of roots and are deprived of the outpourings of the cloud of mercy
will not last. What then may be expected from the young weeds'?
Consider what a commotion the Theosophists have produced in Europe
and America. At present their influence is waning, for their foundation was
not as strong as it should be. What then will the violators do"?
The days I spent as a guest at your home will never be forgotten, for
through the Divine Bestowals and the breaths of the Holy Spirit, Abdul-Baha
was so stirred that the efiect will not pass from memory. I pray God that
those days may be renewed. *Strive as much as ye are able not to sell that
house; let it remain permanently a sign (or memorial) of yourselves. I often
think of you and desire that you become a hotly enkindled flame, bestowing
heat and light upon the surrounding regions. Not until the power of heat is
intensified in the body of man, will growth and development take place as they
should.
I supplicate and entreat to the Abha Kingdom and beg again for ye a
fresh confirmation. I beseech for Mr. MacNutt the fluency of Peter and the
eloquence of Paul.
Convey on my behalf the utmost love and kindness to the two respected
souls, Victor Harvell and Roy Herrick. My hope is that they may be con-
firmed in service to the Kingdom of God and may secure every day a new
power.
Upon ye be Baha-El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
P. S.--Thy last letter, dated July 21st, 1919, has been received. It im-
parted the glad tidings of the promulgation of the 'Nerd of God in those re-
gions. For Abdul-Baha no joy and pleasure remain save in the glad tidings
of the exaltation of the Word of God. Therefore as thou hast written of the
efforts put forth by the friends for the diffusion of the Divine Fragrance and
hast mentioned that thy time is confined to raising the Call of the Kingdom
and consecrated in service to the Cause of God, this news was considered as
glad tidings, and my hope is that thou mayest attain remarkable confirma-
(That) Khaneh (house) tataeanid (as much as ye are
able) nafruslmH- (do not sell) bign-zarid (allow or let) cm (that) asar (a sign)
az sh-u-ma (of yourselves) bagel (permanent) bimaawl (remain).

