STAR OF WEST
The Bahai Movement
RAPIDLY SPREADING THROUGHOUT THE WORLD, AND ATTRACT.
ING THE ATFENT ION OF SCHOLARS, SAVANTS AND
RELIGIONISTS OF ALL 
AND OCCIDENTAL
The Bahai Movement proclaims
the time of universal peace and
provides the base for the universal
religion--the hope of the ages. It
points the way and supplies the means
for the unity of mankind in the knowl-
edge and love of truth under the high
banner of justice and mercy.
It is divine in origin, human in
presentation, sane, practical and appli-
cable to life in its every phase. In
belief it inculcate-s naught but truth;
in action, naught but good; in human
relations, naught but loving service.
For the information of those who
know little or nothing of the Bahai
Movement we quote the following
account translated from the (French)
of Larousse:
BAI-IAISM: the religion of the disciples
of Baha'o'llah, an outcome of 
Mirza Husian Ali Nuri Baha'o'llah was born
at Teheran in 1817 A. D. From 1844 he
was one of the first adherents of the Bab,
and devoted himself to the pacific propaga-
tion of his doctrine in Persia. After the
death of the Bab he was, with the principal
Babis, exiled to Baghdad, and later to Con-
stantinople and Adrianople, under the sur-
veillance of the Ottoman Government. It
was in the latter city that he openly de-
clared his mission, . . . and in his letters to
the principal Rulers of the States of Europe
he invited them to jo-in him in establishing
religion' and universal peace. From this
time, the Babis who acknowledged him be-
came Bahais. The Sultan then exiled him
(1868 A. D.) to Acca in Palestine, where he
composed the greater part of his ?l0?tl'iI1Bl
works, and where he died in 1892 A. D.
(May 29). Hejhad confided to his son,
Abbas Effendi (Abdul-Baha), the work of
spreading the religion and continuing the
connection between the Bahais of all parts
of the world. In point of fact, there are
Bahais everywhere, not only in Mohamme-
dan countries, but also in all the countries
of Europe, as Well as in the United States,
Canada, Japan, India, etc. This is because
Baha'o'llah has known how to transform
Babism -into a universal religion, which is
presented as the fulfillment and completion
of all the ancient faiths. The Jews await
the Messiah, the Christians the return of
Christ, the Moslems the Mahdi, the Budd-
hists the fifth Buddha, the Zoroastrian: Shah
Babram, the Hindoos the reincarnation of
Krishma, and the Atheists--a better social
organization! Baha'o'llah represents all
these, and thus destroys the rivalries and
the enmities of the different religions; recon-
ciles them in their primitive purity, and frees
them from the corruption of dogmas and
rites. For Bahaism has no clergy, no relig-
ious ceremonial, no public prayers; its only
dogma is belief in God and in His Manifes-
tations. . . . The principal works of
Baha'o'llah are the Kitab-ul-Ighan, the
Kitab-ul-Akdas, the Kitab-ul-Ahd, and nu-
merous letters or tablets addressed to sover-
eigns or to private individuals. Ritual holds
no place in the religion, which must be
expressed in all the actions of life, and
accomplished in neighborly love. Every one
must have an occupation. The education of
children is enjoined and regulated. No one
has the power to receive confession of sins,
or to give absolution. The priests of the
existing religions should renounce celibacy,
and should preach by their example, min-
gling in the life of the people. Monogamy
is universally recommended, etc. Questions
not treated of are left to the civil law, of
each country, and to the decisions of the
Bait-ul.-Adl, or House of Justice, instituted
by Ba-ha'o'llah. Respect to-ward the Head
of the State is a part of respect toward God.
A universal language, and the creation of
tribunals of arbitration between nations, are
to suppress wars. "You are of
the same tree, and drops of the same sea,"
Baha'o'lIah has said. Briefly, -it is not so
much a new religion, as Religion renewed
and unified, which is directed today by Ab-
Larousse sup-
plement, p. 60.

