STAR OF THE WEST 159
Tablets received by American Bahais in 1919
JOHN VVOLOOTT
To his honor, Mr. Wolcott-, Spokane,
'Nashington--Upo11 him be 
LLAH El-Ahha!
He Is God!
thou faithful servant of God!
Thy letter was perused. Thou hadst
written that am striving to cause the
friends of Spokane to become self-sacri-
ficing." I hope that each and all of
the friends may become self-sacrificing
and set forth the example to others.
Until man becomes self-sacrificing in the
path of God, his life will be void of any
result and Will be like unto that of a
mineral; he Will resemble a fruitless
tree, and a tree must bear fruit. I hope
that the friends of God may all become
fruitful trees and illumined lamps and
may not remain extinguished.
As to the questions thou hadst asked,
I have no time for a detailed answer
for letters are pouring in from the East
and the Vtlest and if I answer a Word
to anyone, it is indicative of the utmost
love for I have not any time at my dis-
posal. At present I answer thy ques-
tions briefly and if in the future an
interview is made possible, I Will give
thee a detailed answer.
Existence is of two kinds: One is
the existence of God which is beyond
the comprehension of man. He, the in-
visible, the lofty and the incomprehen-
sible, is preceded by no cause but rather
is the Originator of the cause of causes.
He, the ancient, has had no beginning
and is the all-independent. The second
kind of existence is the human existence.
It is a common existence, comprehensible
to the human mind, is not ancient, is de-
pendent and has a cause to it. The mor-
tal substance does not become eternal
and vice-versa; the human kind does not
become a Creator and vice-versa. The
transformation of the innate substance
is impossible.
In the World of existence, that which
is comprehensible. is in three stages of
mortality: the first stage is the mineral
World, next the vegetable world, and in
the latter the mineral World does exist
but has a distinctive feature which is
the vegetable characteristic. Likewise
in the animal World, the mineral and
vegetable characteristics are present and
in addition the characteristics of the
animal World are to be found; it has
the faculties of hearing and of sight.
In the human World the characteristics
of the mineral, vegetable and animal
Worlds are found and in addition those
of the human kind are existing. That
is the intellectual characteristic, which
discovers the realities of things and com-
prehends the ali-important facts.
Man, therefore, on the plane of the
contingent beings is the most perfect be-
ing. By man is meant the perfect in-
dividual, Who is like unto a mirror in
which the divine perfections are inani-
fested and reflected. But the sun does
not condescend from the height of its
sanctity to enter into the mirror, but
When the latter is purified and turned
to-Wards the Sun of Truth, the perfec-
tions of this Sun, consisting of light and
heat, are reflected and manifested in
that mirror. These souls are the Di-
vine Manifcstations of God.
Upon thee be Baha-El-Abba!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Aeeas.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Acca, Palestine, July 20, 1919.)
MR. AND MRS. LATIMER
To their honors, Mr. James and R-ouhani
Latimer, Portland, Oregon--Up0n
them be El-Abha!
Is God!
ye two faithful and assured souls!
Praise be to God, your son, George
Latimer, is enkindled With the fire of
the love of God, and is With all his
(Continued on page 163}

