STAR OF WEST 13
Announcement-Twelfth Annual Bahai Convention of the
and Bahai Congress
To be held in New York City from April 24th to 28th, inclusive.
IN the past, these great events have
always brought a wave of happiness
and joy to the hearts of the friends, who
gather together from different -parts of
the United States and Canada, to dis-
cuss the problems of the Cause and the
erection of the universal edifice of God.
The convention of last year opened the
broad vistas of international service.
Many souls arose to carry the glad tid-
ings of the Kingdom to difierent parts of
the world and made many sacrifices to
diffuse the fragrance of the flowers of
love in the hearts. More than twenty
souls went into the field heralding the
coining of the Kingdom.
The annual convention of the year
1920 will again be held in New York
City, from April 24th to 28th, inclu-
sive. As We look back over the history
of the various conventions, we realize
that each one had a distinctive work to
achieve. The convention of this year
will have also several events enhancing
its importance and adding to its spiritual
influence.
THE SELECTION OF THE PLAN
OF THE MASHREKOL-AZKAR.
1. The most important work of this
year's convention is the selection of the
plan for the building of the Mashrekol-
Azkar. According to the latest instruc-
tions from Abdul-Baha, the design for
the Temple shall be selected by the dele-
gates this year and the foundation laid
as quickly as possible. The Bahais
earnestly desire to construct this divine
edifice during the lifetime of the Center
of the Covenant and toward this goal
all the energies of the delegates and
friends Will be directed, so that a suffi-
cient amount of money may be collected
to carry the work to its final triumpl1--
when the doors of this universal temple
will be opened to all nations and re-
ligions. 
THE COMING OF THE PERSIAN
TEACHER
2. Abdul-Baha has sent a Persian
Bahai teacher, Mirza Fazel Mazanda-
rani, and his interpreter to attend the
sessions of the congress and deliver his
message of love. This teacher is a great
thinker and scholar in Persia, and his
presence at this convention is an added
blessing and a strong evidence of the
love of Abdul-Baha for the American
Bahais_ .
THE RETURN OF MANY AMERI-
CAN PILGRIMS FROM THE
HOLY LAND.
3. During this year many of our dear
American Bahais had the privilege of
visiting Abdul-Baha, the Center of the
Covenant, and they have returned with
a wonderful spirit of love and service.
A large number of these souls will be
present at the convention. Each one of
them will have ta marvelous story to re-
late, a fresh vision to unfold and a new
enthusiasm to impart. The realization
of this fact will bring us a very
keen joy, for We know that Abdul-Baha
wishes the friends to unite like a band
of pearls. No doubt these pilgrims will
fill the air with their glorious spirit of
love, sweetness, unity and beauty.
CONGRESS SESSIONS.
4. From Sunday night to Wednesday
night, there will be four general meet-
ings in which public speakers will
address the audiences, explaining the
universal Bahai teachings. Last year,
at the convention, the program commit-
tee invited a number of prominent out-
side speakers who are sympathetic to the
Cause. Abdul-Baha was pleased With

