STAR OF THE WEST 14-7
Jenabi Fazel and party, including
Mirza Ahmad, left New York for Bos-
ton the last of June. In Boston they
were entertained by the friends at the
Victoria Hotel. Only a brief stay was
made before leaving for Green Acre,
where the party spent a few days as
the guests of Mr. and Mrs. "Tm. H. Ran-
dall, returning to Boston after the 4th
of July. Life at Green Acre was found
very delightful. Since their return to
Boston, reports from many of the friends
continually arriving, contain thrilling
accounts of the really constructive Work
actually accomplished and being accom-
plished; of the splendid openings and
opportunities for service among all
classes of people. indicating that the
"Doors of the Kingdom" are being
widely opened for Boston, the first city
in New England.
On July 8th, a large public meeting
was held in Pilgrim Hall which was very
well attended. enabi Fazcl's subject
was "Abdul-Baha: His Life and Teach-
ings. The many strangers present
manifested great interest and enthus-
iasm, and this talk alone, addressed to
such thinking, serious-minded, seeking
souls, means that some day a rich har-
vest will be gathered from this seed
planting.
Two public talks were also given at
Community House on Massachusetts
Ave: On Monday evening, July 12th,
a talk on "The Remedy for World
Troubles" at the St. Paul A. M. E.
Church in Cambridge; on July 13th,
at the home of Mr. and Mrs. M. C.
Oglesby, Somerville, Mass, and every
morning from July 7th to July 18th,
from 10:30 to 11:30, there were a series
of public meetings at the Hotel Victoria.
An excerpt from a letter of Mr. Ran-
dall's, dated June 29, 1920, to Mrs. Par-
sons, gives a splendid idea of the ideal
attitude of enabi Fa-zel: had a
long talk with enabi Fazel, and he does
not ask or select any one to travel with
him. He is independent of all else save
God, and he looks upon all the Bahais
as being in one region, and does not
consider us from the standpoint of our
virtues or our faults, but he looks upon
us in the light of our service to the
Center of the Covenant, and all the
friends together constitute the body of
believers in America."
On July 15th, Jenabi Fazel and party
were in Worcester, Mass., a public talk
being given there at the Levana Club
rooms. In his talk, so wisely, graciously
and eloquently given, enabi Fazel em-
phasized the point of the p/racttca-Z ap-
plication of the Bahai Religion, and
those present could not fail to catch
more than a glimpse of the divine civili-
zation of the not far distant future.
Mirza Ahmad presided at this meeting.
While in this vicinity the friends were
entertained most beautifully at the
stately summer homes of Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas H. Collins and Mrs. Morton in
Princeton, near Worcester.
On July 16th our revered teacher was
in Springfield, Mass, serving, and after
the engagement there, the party ex-
pected to return to Boston for a few
days, leaving Boston, July 19th, for
Green Acre, Where they will remain for
two or three Weeks.
ALBERT VAIL
Mr. Albert Vail's work the past month
has been of extraordinary interest, for
one of his numerous services has been
a series of seven brilliant talks on "The
Bahai Teachings on Immortality."
These were given at the home of Mrs.
Corinne True, and repeated at Mr. and
Mrs. Vail's home. We all know that
one of the topics of vital interest to-
day is "Life after Death," and gener-
ally, people eagerly listen to one who
can lead them to a reliable source of
information.
The series included the following
talks: "The Origin of the Soul,"
"The Appearance of Mind and Spirit
in the Soul--its Divine P'sychology;"
"When Eternal Life Begi11s;" "Abdul-
Baha's Brilliant Proof of Immortality 
"Is Communication With the Unseen
T/Vorld Possible "The Value of 

