STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal-, ere
long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the-Bahais which is Organized in the country of _America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firm/hess, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Amms.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or run Wnsr, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the 'West, they may become informed with the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA Anus.
STAR OF THE WEST FOUNDATION
Northeastern States: I-Ioornn HARRIS.
Western States: HELEN S. GOODALL,
Southern States: Dominion of Canada: MAY 
Central States: ALBERT VAIL, CARL SCHEFFLER.
Editorial $tafi': ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: Mnzza AHMAD Somme
Vol. 11 Ola 1, 76 (March 2, 1921) No. 19
Some Answered Questions regarding the Fast
Words by ABDUL-BAHA in answer to questions. From notes brought by
Mrs. Ella Goodall Cooper of San Francisco.
UESTION: "Some of the friends
in America say that the Fast is
not to be observed now but in the fu-
ture."
ABDUL-BAI-IA: "In places where it
will be the cause of trouble, such as in
Bokhara or Afghanistan, or in some of
the towns in Persia, the Fast cannot be
kept. In these places if the friends fast
it will be the cause of trouble, people
will rise against them. But in those
places where there is safety and secur-
ity it should be kept. I fasted sixty
years--the first one who fasted was 
QUESTION: "In a family where it is
diffireult, should one attempt to keep the
Fast?"
ABDUD-BAHA: "Difficulty is not a
preventative. But if fasting gives rise
to inharmony it is injurious."
"If it is not possible to
take breakfast before sunrise, should
one keep the Fast the best one can?"
ABDUL-BAHA: "If there be a pre-
ventative, it should not be kept. As far
as one possibly can, yes; but if there be
any preventative at any time, no. But
after sunrise one cannot eat. I used to
Fast from sunset to sunset. Early morn-
ing eating was difficult for me, there-
fore when I ate in the evening I took
nothing else until the following eve-
ning."
QUESTION: "If one's health does not
seem to permit of fasting should one
keep the Fast?"
ABDUL-BAHA: "In that case the
doctor must decide. The object is not
this, that not eating is not forbidden;
but eating is forbidden. This is the

