178 STAR OF THE WEST
On motion duly made and seconded, it
was voted that Mr. Maxwell be per-
mitted to bring his plan into the room
for explanation as Mr. Maxwell pre-
sented no model.
Mr. Maxwell then proceeded to ex-
plain his drawings. He said that it was a
nine-sided building with entrance by a
flight of nine steps, leading to an en-
trance here, both these symbolic of
and Abdul-Baha. Another
entrance to a smaller apartment symbo-
lizes the Bab. These are all vaulted
chambers or vaults. The dimensions of
the central space are nine by nine, 81
feet, in diameter from column to column.
Places for meditation are placed around
the nine columns. A gallery which he
called the Gallery of the Tablets is all
around the back of the columns, on the
first floor set in a surrounding, corre-
sponding to that of the ideas of the 16th
century. A paved terrace surrounds the
building with nine avenues, each ter-
minating in a fountain with the Temple
as the central axis, each fountain nine
feet in diameter. The dome to be lighted
by nine groups of three windows with
a pier between each group. He spoke
of the beauty of the dome o-f glass
mosaic with gold background such as is
found in Italy. The lighting in the
dome would be by means of 27 reflectors
thrown on the light of the dome, radiat-
ing color and light on to the Temple.
Mr. Maxwell outlined how deeply he was
interested in finding a point in construc-
tion where the East and West would
contact. The tree of life is shown and
the symbolism of the great religions of
the world with nineteen spaces for the
"Letters of the Living."
In response to questions Mr. Maxwell
stated that he could not give any definite
estimate of price as he did not think
it desirable to reduce the building to less
than 63 feet in diameter (interior), that-
if the building were so reduced in size
the expense would run probably some-
where around a million dollars.
Following these elucidations the dele-
gates recessed for fifteen minutes to in-
spect the various models.
Upon regathering, it was moved and
seconded, that the friends who must
leave before the end of the Convention
be allowed to cast their votes in sealed
envelopes showing their choice of plan.
After discussion, the motion was put
and declared lost.
It was moved and seconded, that the
chair be empowered to have present at
the opening of the morning session an
expert engineer and an expert architect
to consult with the delegates on the mat-
ter of choice of plans. After a discus-
sion of the motion, the motion was
unanimously carried.
Upon motion duly made and seconded,
the meeting was adjourned to reconvene
the following day at 10 A. M.
TUESDAY MORNING SESSION
APRIL 27, 1920
The Convention re-assembled on Tues-
day, April 27th, at 10 A. M. in the Con-
vention Hall. The secretary opened the
session with reading of supplications.
Albert R. Vail, of Chicago, Illinois,
offered prayer to Almighty G-od for the
healing of the sickness of Miss Knob-
loch. The chairman anounced that Mr.
president of the Architec-
tural League of New York City, and one
of the best known architects of the
country, was present for the purpose of
any service he might render the Con-
vention in the selection of plans; also
Mr. Abbott, of the Fuller Construction
Company, a very able and prominent
engineer.
Upon motion duly made and seconded,
it was voted that the Convention ad-
journ to the hall of plans so that this
discussion of the experts might be in the
midst of the different plans and models.
Discussion arose concerning Whether or
not the delegates only should be present
during the discussion or during the se-
lection of plans or either of them. With-


