STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and-eternal, ere
long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
i (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA 
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE Wasr, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the_ promulgator of the Cause of -God--so that both in the
East and' the West, they may become informed with the most important events.
i (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Aams.
STAR OF THE WEST FOUNDATION
Northeastern States: HOOPER Western States: HELEN S. GOODALL.
Southern States: Dominion of Canada: MAY 
Central States: ALBERT VAIL, CARL SCHEFFLER.
Editorial Stafi: ALBERT R. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD Somme
Vol. 11 Kudrat 1, 76 (November 4-, 1920) No 13
Messages from Abdul-Baha to. all the friends
Given to Mrs. A. J. Parsons, at Haifa, February 15, 1920.
"You must think now of spiritual affairs. Try to enlighten the morals and
try to spread the teachings of so that this fire of dissension which
is burning in the World may be extinguished. It is impossible for the different
nations and parties which exist noW--such as socialists, Bolshevists, the extrem-
ists or radicals, strikers and those Who Wish for absolute authority, to leave these
dissensions and be united save through teachings. The teach-
ings of are like the sun and these dissensions are like the darkness.
This darkness cannot be dispelled except through the teachings of 
The snow of disagreement has covered all the World and this snow cannot be
melted except through the teachings of The teachings of
declare the unity of the World. The teachings of 
are a shining reality. The teachings of will dispel all national
disunion, all racial disunion, and the teachings of Will conquer
the economic difficulties. This is the essence of questions. You must all try to
give life to the dead people, to make the blind see, the deaf hear, and to give all
the help you can to the poor. This is What attracts heavenly assistance."
"Now you are going on your Way home. For each one you must have a
message. Convey to all my greetings and tell them that they are all my friends,
my very dear friends and the servants of His Holiness and for
this reason they are dear to me. I am always thinking of them and I am con-
stantly praying for them in the Kingdom of Abha, so that they may become
lighted candles, so that the light of guidance may radiate from them, so that
they may become shining stars in the Heaven of Truth, that the light of Truth

