172 STAR OF THE WEST
a committee on credentials. Louis G.
Gregory of \/Vashington was named
with authority to appoint two other
members of the committee to act with
him.
The chair announced the appointment
of a committee on permanent organiza-
tion consisting of William H. Randal].
of Boston, Dr. Pauline Barton-Peeke of
Cleveland, and Mrs. Emogene Hoagg of
San Francisco.
Upon motion duly made and seconded,
it was voted that Alfred E. Lunt act
as temporary secretary. The secreta.ry
thereupon offered the recommendations
of the Executive Board for the admis-
sion to the Bahai Temple Unity roll of
the following Assemblies:
Springfield, Mass; Miami, Florida;
Bisbee, Arizona; Pasadena, Ca1if.; Oma-
ha, Nebr., and Springfield, Illinois.
Upon motion duly made and seconded,
the recommendations of the Executive
Board that the above Assemblies be ad-
mitted to the rolls as members of the
Unity was unanimously carried.
The chair called upon Mrs. Corinne
True of Chicago for a report of the
financial secretary of the Unity. Mrs.
True reported as follows:
"The 31st day of March, 1920, there
was cash in the Northern Trust Com-
pany, the bank in which our funds are
deposited, $20,173.72, vouched for by
the bank itself. We hold United States
certificates of indebtedness, $120,000.
Liberty Loan bonds of different series,
estimated at par. It is very hard to
give the Liberty bonds and the War
Savings stamps other than to estimate
them at par, because the market fluctu-
ates, and today they have a certain
value and tomorrow another, so to make
it uniform, we simply register at par,
and if we have a $50 bond it is called
$50. have Liberty bonds of differ-
ent series from 1 to 5, $33,650; in War
Savings stamps $610; total available
funds March 31st, 1920, $174,433.72.
We have the bonds all listed and the
coupons all listed, and going over the
bonds and the certificates of indebted-
ness and the Liberty bonds, we have in
coupons interest, $5,585.99, running to
1947. You see these coupons run so
long and every Liberty bond that comes
to us is recorded with its number and
the amount and number of coupons at-
tached. So, that today We have 
173.72 in cash, $120,000 in United
States certificates of indebtedness, 
650 Worth of Liberty bonds, counted at
par, and $610 worth of War Savings
stamps counted at par, a total of $174,-
433.72 available fund."
Dr. D'Evelyn anounced for the Santa
Paula, California, Assembly a fund' of
$186.50 and stated that a contribution
each month is sent by that Assembly
to the teaching fund. Mr. Lunt spoke
of the beautiful letter received from
Secretary Walter Bohanan of the Ken-
osha, V\-Tisconsin, Assembly and asked
the Convention to hold a moment of
silent prayer for that Assembly in ac-
cordance with a request in the letter.
This was done.
Dr. D'Evelyn further reported on
the Assembly of Santa Barbara, Cali-
fornia, stating that although small, it
is very active and that great possibili-
ties are in sight.
Mrs. Howard Struven of Worcester
reported for Worcester, Mass., Assem-
bly, stating that great bounties have
descended upon that city.
Mrs. Maxwell of Montreal, Canada,
brought the loving greetings of the
friends from Montreal and spoke of the
splendid work done by Mother Beecher
in Canada the past winter. Mother
Beecher, who had just entered the as-
sembly hall, was invited to the platform
and gave a most thrilling account of
her experiences during the Winter of
1919-1920 in Canada and stated, "It
has been the most Wonderful Winter of
my life." She told of how the seeds
were scattered over the entire city of St.
John and how she was told by one of

