130 STAR OF THE WEST
Likewise with regard to the party of "equality" which seeks the solution
of the economic problems: until now all proposed solutions have proved imprac-
ticable except the economic proposals in the teachings of His Holiness 
LLAH which are practicable and cause no distress to society.
So with the other parties: when ye look deeply into this matter, ye will dis-
cover that the highest aims of those parties are found in the teachings of
These teachings constitute the all-inclusive power among all
men and are practicable. But there are some teachings of the past, such as
those of the Taurat, which cannot be carried out at the present day. It is the
same with the other religions and the tenets of the various sects and the different
parties.
For example, the question of Universal Peace, about which His Holiness
says that the Supreme Tribunal must be established: although the
League of Nations has been brought into existence, yet it is incapable of estab-
lishing Universal Peace. But the Supreme Tribunal which His Holiness BAHA-
has described will fulfil this sacred task with the utmost might and
power. And his plan is this: that the national assemblies of each country
and nation~--that is to say parliaments--should elect two or three persons who
are the choicest men of that nation, and are well informed concerning inter-
national laws and the relations between governments and aware of the essen-
tial needs of the world of humanity in this day. The number of these repre-
sentatives should be in proportion to the number of inhabitants of that country.
The election of these souls who are chosen by the national assembly, that is, the
parliament, must be confirmed by the upper house, the congress and the
cabinet and also by the president or monarch so these persons may be the
elected ones of all the nation and the government. From among these people
the members of the Supreme Tribunal will be elected, and all mankind will
thus have a share therein, for every one of these delegates is fully representative
of his nation. When the Supreme Tribunal gives a ruling on any international
question, either unanimously or by majority-rule, there will no longer be any
pretext for the plaintifi or g'I'011I1d of objection for the defendant. In case
any of the governments or nations, in the execution of the irrefutable decision
of the Supreme Tribunal, be negligent or dilatory, the rest of the nations will
rise up against it, because all the governments and nations of the world are the
supporters of this 'Supreme Tribunal. Consider what a firm foundation this is!
But by a limited and restricted League the purpose will not be realized as it
ought and should. This is the truth about the situation, which has been stated.
Consider how powerful are the teachings of His Holiness 
At a time when His Holiness was in the prison of Acca and was under the
restrictions and threats of two blood-thirsty kings, notwithstanding this fact, his
teachings spread with all power in Persia and other countries. Should any
teaching, or any principle, or any community fall under the threat of a power-
ful and blood-thirsty monarch it will be annihilated within a short space of time.
At present for fifty years the Bahais in Persia and most regions have been
under severe restrictions and the threat of sword and spear. Thousands of
souls have given their lives in the arena of sacrifice and have fallen as victims
under the swords of oppression and cruelty. Thousands of esteemed families
have been uprooted and destroyed. Thousands of children have been made
fatherless. Thousands of fathers have been bereft of their sons. Thousands

