318 STAR OF
a rose-garden it may diffuse sweet frag-
rance.
Convey on my behalf respectful greet-
ings to Miss Mary Fenn! In reality
this dear maid-servant of God has arisen
in service, deserving the bestowal of the
divine bounties. I should like to write
a letter to the friends of San Diego, but
owing to the scarcity of opportunity I
sufficed with a short supplication for
them:
Thou the Lord of Hosts! The city
of San Diego was like a lifeless body.
Now a breath of the Spirit of Life has
wafted over those regions. Some souls
have arisen from the graves of the World
of nature which is the eternal death;
they have been revived by the Holy
Ghost, and they have started in servi-
tude to Thy threshold.
thou affectionate Lord! Bestow
upon these featherless and Wingless birds
two heavenly wings and give unto them
Prayer for the dead and
Teaching given by ABDUL-BAHA
ABDUL-BAHA said that through the
mercy of God, not through His
justice, the condition of those who have
died in sin and unbelief can be changed.
We are commanded to pray that their
condition may be changed. As we have
the power to pray for these souls here,
so shall we have the same power in the
after-life--in the Kingdom.
The power of this prayer of interces-
sion is a special teaching of this religion.
To pray for the dead was not given as
a special religious command (of the
Divine Teacher), until this day of the
Blessed Perfection.
The grace of effective intercession is
one of the perfections belonging to per-
fect and advanced souls, as well as to
the Manifestations of -God. Jesus Christ
had the power of interceding for the
forgiveness of His enemies when on
earth, and He certainly has this power
now.
THE WEST
spiritual strength, so that they may soar
in the limitless space and attain to the
apex of the Kingdom of Abha!
Lord! Strengthen these feeble
seedlings so that each one may develop
into a fruitful tree, exhibiting the ut-
most freshness and liveliness. Assist
them and make them victorious, so that
they may rout and vanquish the army of
ignorance and misapprehension; lift
up the banner of love and guidance
among the People; bestow like unto
the spring breeze freshness and life unto
the tree of humanity; give greenness
and liveliness like unto the spring
shower to the meadows of that conti-
nent! Verily, Thou art the Able and
the Powerful, the Bestower and the Af-
fectionate 
Upon thee be Baha-el-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Azizullah S. Bahadur,
Haifa, Palestine, June 2nd, 1920.)
progress in the after-life
in 1904 to Ethel J. Rosenberg.
Abdul-Baha never mentions the name
of a dead person without saying, "May
God forgive him," or words to that
effect.
Followers of the prophets have also
this power of praying for the forgive-
ness of souls, therefore we may not
think that any souls are condemned to
a stationary condition of suffering or
loss, arising from absolute ignorance of
God. The power of effective interces-
sion for them always exists.
All the people in the other world, are
they not the creatures of God? There-
fore, they can progress in the other
world. As they can also receive light
by supplicating here, so they can also
receive light by supplicating there. The
rich in the other world can help the
poor, as the rich can help the poor here.
In every world all are the creatures of
God. They are always dependent on
Him. They are not independent, and

