Z26 STAR OF
has attached to education; in the
Kitab-El-Akdas parents are commanded
to educate their children, and if they fail
to do so, it is incumbent upon the House
of Justice to carry out this command.
Also, elsewhere We are told that to ed-
ucate a child is an act of worship.
Therefore, to contribute towards the
erection of this school where the Bahai
principles will be implanted in the minds
of -the coming mothers of future genera-
tions, will be like unto an act of perpet-
ual adoration.
Mr. White, who was in Haifa while I
was there had several talks with the Mas-
ter on this subject and was commissioned
by him to look into the most modern
methods of education now in America
THE WEST
and to present his report to him.
I wish now to make an appeal, joined
to the enclosed letter just received from
Monereh Khanum, to all Bahais alike to
give whatever they have to give of time,
thought and monetary support towards
a speedy realization of the desire of one
towards whom we should turn with deep-
est love, respect and reverence.
Subscriptions to be sent in Egyptian
money to R00-ha Kliannm-, c-are of Mime
alal, aifai, Palestine.
Yours faithfully in El-Baha,
Edith Roobie Sanderson.
P. S.--I must add that this school will
be open to all girls desirous of entering,
irrespective of creed or nationality.
Scholarship Fund for the Tarbiat School
The American friends of the Tarbiat
Scholarship Fund will kindly note a
change in the address of Mrs. Louise D.
Boyle, which will be in future The Had-
leigh Hotel, Washington, D. C. During
the many years when our dear brother
Joseph H. Hannen was in charge of the
Scholarship Fund as treasurer of the
Persian American Educational Associa-
tion Mrs. Boyle was assistant treasurer
and countersigned all checks. There-
fore, with the passing of our faithful
brother the care of the Fund reverted
automatically to Mrs. Boyle, who has
accepted this service for the present at
least. Scholarship dues may be sent to
her at the Hadleigh and will be prompt-
ly acknowledged.
The Special Memorial Fund for the
Tarbiat School which was suggested at
the Convention, in appreciation of the
services of the late Joseph H. Hannen,
is in charge of Miss Nellie Lloyd, 104
Wall Street, New York, N. Y., as an-
nounced in the STAR on THE VVEST of
June 5, 1920.
Louise D. Boyle.
News from the Bahais of Germany
(Continued from page 223)
rial plenty, would send packages of food-
stuffs to the Bahais here. Much is
needed here in Germany, but certain
foodstuffs are most needed above other
things. These are white flour, canned
butter and milk and sugar. Such sup-
plies can be sent by post from America
into Germany in packages not exceed-
ing five kilogrammes (about ten pounds)
in weight. These packages should be
clearly and legibly marked Liebersgaibe
(gift of love) which will enter them into
Germany free of customs. Packages
should be very securely wrapped--pref-
erably sewed up in cloth then tied in
paper--and should be registered. Fur-
ther particulars and directions can be
had through inquiry at the post offices
in America.
Since Stuttgart is the principal Ba-
hai center in Germany, and since the
friends there have organized a "bund"

