I96 STAR OF THE WEST
For instance, the Bahais elect a Spir-
itual Assembly (House of Spirituality)
who have many sub-commit-tees. One
of these committees is the committee on
teaching Who elect teachers and the
teachers in turn make a report to their
committee as to their doings and activi-
ties. One of the teachers is sent to each
one of the meetings held in different
parts of the city, who gives the princi-
pal talk. After this there are other
meetings which are called "encourag-
ing meetings" for those Who are partly
convinced. Fuller information is given
them and everything possible done for
them.
The Spiritual Assembly (House of
Spirituality), performs many things and
has great responsibilities. One of its
responsibilities is to keep the Bahais in
unity and remove all causes of difier-
ence and dissension in a meeting. If
a teacher is traveling and comes to an-
other town the committee of teachers
there ha.s a plan to arrange for him as
they are better informed about the con-
ditions in that town than one who comes
from the outside. Jenabi Fazel ex-
pressed the hope that if such commit-
tees could be organized in America it
would be very beneficial. He hoped that
before long such committees would be
organized everywhere. This would
greatly assist the traveling teachers.
The Convention entered into- consulta-
tion concerning the best means of assist-
ing the newly appointed national teach-
ing committee. The question of litera-
ture for distribution at such meetings
Was brought up and the crying need of
this manifested. Mrs. Hoagg spoke on
this subject and suggested that if each
of the friends would donate one dollar
a month to the teaching fund it would
be of the utmost assistance.
The chair inquired if Jenabi Fazel
would present to the Convention the real
qualifications intended by the term
"Spiritual Assembly" or "House of
Spirituality." Jenabi Fazel answering,
said that the House of Spirituality is
the same as the Spiritual Assembly or
the Spiritual Meeting. Members of this
Meeting or House are elected by the
Bahais, that is to say, by a majority.
These are elected from among the
friends themselves in this manner: All
the Bahais by preliminary election elect
a number of people from their own num-
ber, then those who have been so elected
meet to choose from their number a
House of Spirituality. The friends Who
are placed upon the House of Spiritual-
ity must be firm and Well known in their
steadfastness. They must be sincere and
well known to the others. Having been
elected, the House has the responsibil-
ity of carrying on the different activi-
ties concerning Which enabi Fazel had
just outlined. The subject at the teach-
ing meetings is chosen before hand and
the teacher sent there speaks on that
subject. The teacher reports to the
teaching committee and the committee
reports to the House of Spirituality.
This House should have all the control
in its hands and should hold consulta-
tion at least once a. Week. It is very im-
portant that the friends consult in or-
der to bring about the best decision.
The members of the House of Spir-
ituality must be sincere and firm. This
is more important than anything else
because it is the center of the Cause.
The center should be clear and puri-
fied. It should be like a source that all
the streams spring from. If it is not
clear how can the streams be clear'? It
must be light. If there is any darkness
in it it will be of no use. Each mem-
ber should have no will but the will of
God. He must not be tenacious and
persist in his own opinion. If some-
body has a better opinion he should
change his opinion at once. "What. aim
do We have save servitude?!" Jenabi
Fazel emphasized the important fact
that the preliminary committee selected
to choose the House of Spirituality must
be larger than the House it is to
choose and that this preliminary commit-
tee must choose the House of Spiritual-

