STAR OF WEST 47
burning. There are human beings who
are more than beings. There are human
beings who are simply temples of flesh
in which is manifest the eternal glory
of God.
Jesus said, "Have I been so long a
time with you, yet hast thou not known
me, Philip"? He that hath seen me hath
seen the Father; and how sayesth thou,
then, show me the Father?"
Abdul-Baha says that God in His
boundless mercy wishing the Kingdom
on earth to be established sends these
Messengers, these Manifestations of the
Kingdom that in a temple of human
flesh the glory of God may be made
manifest and in the human heart the
love of the Eternal Father may shine
with all its sweetness and its beauty. By
sending the many Manifestations of His
light does God make manifest within our
scope and our horizon His eternal love,
His being, His reality a11d His glory.
When Jesus shone forth from the hori-
zon of Palestine reflecting, like a mir-
ror, the Sun of Reality, he united many
nations for a time. And then the mir-
ror was obscured by traditions and
clouds and darkness and men no longer
saw the Father in His pure glory shin-
ing in the heart of this Messenger and
Manifestation. God had to send an-
other Manifestation t0- make His truth
apparent, for we forget, in this w.orld,
Oh, so easily, we forget about God. We
forget what God is like. He had to send
a long succession of Messengers to Indi.a.
He had to send Zoroaster to- Persia, and
then Mohammed to the Arabian vil-
lages. And in this twentieth century,
when the world is ready at last for the
descent of the full splendor of the King-
dom, it is necessary, if we are to have
a vision of God in the world, that there
should appear again One in whom God's
spirit can be seen so clearly that all
the veils are stripped away, that all the
doubts are burned away, and then we
shall see face to face.
This has been the promise of the cen-
turies: "Behold there will come a great
Messenger, a Manifestation of the Eter-
nal, the promised One at the end of the
age." The Bible translators called this
"the end of the worldthe old world of prejudice, of
war, of confusion. Then the Sun of the
eternal will appear. The light
of God will become manifest again and,
shining from the horizon of a human
heart there will dawn this bright light
of God's love and His truth so that all
can see and no one can doubt, so that
all over the world men can behold His
glory and enter into the consciousness
of God.
brought this great rev-
elation to the world, but it came in him
with such sublime light that people were
almost dazzled by its splendor. His
splendor is so bright we can hardly look
upon it. And so the next great Herald
of the Kingdom takes the form of a
servant, the humblest form a human be-
ing can assume. He lays aside his title;
he calls himself simply, The Servant of
the Glory of God.
He comes down right into the midst
of men, living their life. He plants his
garden; he cooks the meals for the sick
people; he makes them broth in the
prison; he goes up and down the country
like a ministering angel of God's mercy;
he is the tcnderest, the simplest, the
lowliest of beings in the world. "When
he is put in prison for teaching univer-
sal peace and universal brotherhood he
counts this imprisonment the joy of his
life. Abdul-Baha tells us how when he
was one day in the streets of Acca and
the chains were around his waist and
his neck, the jailor, his tender-hearted
jailor, said, "Vifhy don't you put a robe
over those chains so the boys won't
throw stones at you?" Abdul-Baha,
turning to him, replied: "These chains
are my badges of honor, my badges of
glory, I could not conceal them."
Now it is this quality of service, in
annihilation of self, that makes God's
(Continued on page S5)

