STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthen-ed, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. ll Kudrat 1, 76 (November 4-, 1920) No. 13
News from the Bahais of Germany
LETTER FR-OM CHARLES MASON REMEY TO THE srna OF THE WEST
Esslingen, Wiirttemberg,
August 27, 1920-.
To the Editors of the STAR or THE 
Dear Friends:
With this letter I am sending you a
copy of a photograph of a large group
of our friends in Germany. This was
taken at a feast in Esslingen, on August
15th, which was a representative gath-
ering of Bahais of these parts.
Shortly following my arrival here, a
series of three large and beautiful
feasts were given by the friends in
Stuttgart, in Zuffenhausen and in Ess-
lingen. At these gatherings long tables
were spread, tea and other refresh-
ments were served, and programs of
reading from the revealed Bahai \V0rd,
of appropriate addresses, and music,
were rendered by the friends. These
were conducive to much joy and frag-
rance of spirit, for although these feasts
were simple, they represented no little
sacrifice upon the part of the people,
many of whom, even now, these many
months after the war, have not all they
need to eat, and are under-nourished.
Although food conditions here are now
becoming better, yet this is slow and
there is yet suffering.
Having been the recipient of so much
hospitality here, both of a general na-
ture as mentioned, as Well as having
been entertained in many homes, I
planned to spread this feast here in
Esslingen for all the Bahais and those
of their friends who were attracted to
the Cause. Everything was conducive
to the success of the affair, even the
present state of depleted finance of Ger-
many, which has reduced the German
mark from its normal value of twenty-
four cents in our money, down to its
present value of two cents. Under this
condition I find myself temporarily in
financial affluence, which makes it pos-
sible for me to make expenditures ordi-
narily impossible.
Through the co-operation of the
friends some big tasks are accomplished
with ease. So it was with the feast.
The Esslingen friends worked so unit-
edly to make this a success, that I soon
realized that in reality it was not my
feast, but their feast, therefore I feel
that I can praise this gathering, since
it was realized through the service of
the Esslingen assembly. It would have
been quite impossible for me to have
accomplished this had I been alone and
single handed.
It was decided that the principal
thought of the meeting should revolve
about the Mashrekol-Azkar. Recalling
a similar feast given several years ago
at the Latimers' in Portland, at which
a model of the Mashrekol-Azkar of Ish-
kabad was featured, it occurred to me
to make a similar arrangement here in
Esslingen. Several of the young men
Bahais responded with much fervor and
enthusiasm to this suggestion, and after
some labor at model showing, without
details, the general arrangement of the
Ishbakad Temple, was built--tl1e frame-
work being of Wood and cardboard,
covered with paper and decorated with

