206 STAR OF THE WEST
Mashrekol-Azkar design, and word will
be sent to the local Temple committees
as soon as these are available. Motion
pictures may be used as a means of
bringing the Temple before the people.
In brief, the friends have but to cap-
ture the of the moment in
order to bring into touch with this most
stirring enterprise entirely new 
souls not yet identified with the Cause,
perhaps, but progressive thinkers who
are ready for the vision we have to Oifer
and eager to lend their support to such
an erection of the First Uni-
versal House of Worship of the New
World.
"The people shall hasten to Worship
in that heavenly Temple, the fragrances
of God will be elevated, the divine teach-
ings will be established in the hearts.' 
"From it the praise of God shall
ascend to the Kingdom of Mystery and
the tumult of His exaltation and greet-
ing shall be heard from the Whole
world."
"Whosoever arises for the service of
this building shall be assisted with great
power from His Supreme Kingdom and
upon him spiritual and heavenly bless-
ings shall descend which shall fill his
heart with wonderful consolation and
enlighten his eyes by beholding the
Glorious and Eternal God."
God! God! Verily I implore
Thee with throbbing heart and stream-
ing tears to aid every one who endeav-
ors for the erection of this edifice, in
the building of a house wherein Thy
Name is mentioned every morn and eve.
Lord! Send down Thy benedic-
tion upon whomsoever serves this edifice
and endeavors in its uprising among
sects and religions, and confirm him in
every good of mankind.
"Verily, Thou art the Generous, the
Merciful, the Bountiful I 
"Now what will your endeavors show
forth from the degrees of devotion'.l"
Faithfully your servants in the Cov-
enant,
EXECUTIVE Boano BAHAI TEMPLE UNITY
By Louise Boyle.
October 9, 1920.
The friends present when boring was
started at the Mashrekol-Azkar grounds,
September 24, 1920, Were: Louis Bour-
geois, Mary Lesch, Mrs. L. Bourgeois,
Eflie L. Lobdell, Christine Loeding,
Arna True Perron, Maude C. Houser,
Mrs. C. Ioas, Mrs. G. Kuhlman, Mrs. H.
Gale, Mrs. E. G. Foster, John E. Chris-
tensen, Nettie Tobin, Leona Leadroot,
John Osenbaugh, M. D., Wm. F. Slater,
D. 0., Ida B. Slater, Kokab H. A. Mac-
Cutcheon, Carl Scheifler, Louis P. Kel-
ler, Arthur S. Agnew and Albert R.
Windust. The men employed to do the
boring were F. France, foreman,
Henry S. Zenner, L. P. Hummel and
G. C. Ayers. Photographs by Mrs.
Maude C. Houser, Chicago.
A Bahai Pilgrimage to South America
Compiled from letters Written by Miss MARTHA Roor while enroute.
(Continued from page 118)
0N shipboard, in the six-day voyage
from Santos to Buenos Aires, there
was a great storm. The cold, the sleet,
the general discomfort of nearly every
one seasick, tended to make one a little
Iaggard in giving the Message. Also,
these people had been journeying to-
gether for four weeks from France and
had made their friendships before Miss
Martha Root came aboard. The first
one to whom she gave the Message was
a young man from the state of Minas
Geraes, who is going to engage in com-
merce between the United States and
Brazil, after he completes his language
studies. After reading the Bahai books
three days he said: "This is the best of
all the religions I have known." One

