STAR OF THE WEST 51
Baha, "history clearly shows the wars
that have been waged, the peace measures
that were subsequently adopted, have
proved inevitable failures. The Crimean
War and the Treaty of Paris in 1856,
the Austro-Italian war of 1859 the Dan-
ish war of 1864; the Austro-Prussian
War of 1866; the Franco-Prussian war
of 1870; the Russo-Turkish war of 1877
and the Congress of Berlin, the Balkan
war and subsequently this world war
with its present Universal Peace Con-
ference. Wars Will succeed, peace
measures and pacific documents will re-
main dead letters unless the Word of
God and His supreme power comes to
exercise its influence. Not until this is
attained may lasting peace be realized."
Our attentive visitor listened and was
absorbed. He was glad to listen to this
remarkable talk and was furthermore
grateful to receive a copy of Mr.
Remey's Some Vital Bahai Principles
which Abdul-Baha put in his hands.
When he retired, he was inwardly
moved and outwardly satisfied and as-
sured.
February 15, 1919.
My dear Ahmad:
My head is in a whirl so busy and
so eventful was the day. No less than
a score of callers from prince and pasha
to a simple private soldier have sought
interview With Abdul-Baha.
Tonight again, our attracted friend,
Private Sinclair of the Red Cross hos-
pital, called. His eyes sparkled as he
shook hands with the Beloved. He had
read the pamphlet which had been given
to him and was glad to receive another
difierent one, published and edited by
Mr. Remey, entitled The Message of
Unity. He expressed his firm intention
to correspond with the diiferent book-
sellers in London, as soon as he is de-
mobilized and thus to be able to gather
more detailed information. When he
rose to take his leave, he seemed full
of the spirit of absorbed
in meditation, and ablaze with His love.
"Thou art my son, my dear son, I love
thee, and I pray for thee," were the
farewell words as the Beloved embraced
him and patted him on his shoul-
ders. . . .
Letters, or rather parcels, were today
received from Port Said, London and
America. Enclosed in Mr. Lotfullah's
letter from London, were two supplica-
tions that had been received last year
from Teheran. They contained good
news. The Bahai school in Teheran is
advancing by leaps and bounds. The
Israelite Bahais have established schools
which are rapidly widening. The school
of Tarbiat in Teheran, Miss Kappes de-
scribes as by far the greatest establish-
ment among the 430 schools in Teheran;
their public exercises were unequalled
by any that have been so far held. A
pavilion was pitched and everybody,
high and low, nearby and distant, heard
of its fame and responded to its call. In
Yezd meetings of diiferent character,
each of no less than 60 to 70 attendants
were organized. A great deal of effort
has been expended of late to help the
descendants and relatives of the glorious
of Yezd. Vast contributions
have been gathered and the tombs of
the martyred are being beautifully
erected, immune from any further ag-
gression or danger and becoming the
object of the pilgrimage of many a soul.
In Yezd also the maid-servants of God
have risen and are overshadowing (or
rather have foreshadowed) the men in
their spiritual activities. Of Kashan,
the writer relates, had thought of it
a mount of snow but later on I found
it an active volcano. The friends were
aflame with the fire of the Vllord of
God."
From affa has come a devoted friend,
by the name of Ali Efiendi, who brings
with him the news of the Welfare of
Abdul Sammad who has moved to Jaf-
fa and is now settled. Both of them are
enkindled and both are favored by the
Beloved.
Tonight, around the Master's table
for supper sat Messrs. Ahmed Yazdi,

