STAR OF THE WEST 133
world of oneness, they Will appear and be displayed in the most perfect glory,
beauty, exaltation and perfection. Today nothing but the power of the Word of
God which encompasses the realities of things can bring the thoughts, the minds,
the hearts and the spirits under the shade of One Tree. He is the Potent in
all things, the Vivifier of souls, the Preserver and the Controller of the world
of mankind. Praise be to God, in this day the light of the Word of God has
shone forth upon all regions, and from all sects, communities, nations, tribes,
peoples, religions and denominations, souls have gathered under the shadow of
the Word of Oneness and have in the most intimate fellowship united and har-
monized!
Some time ago, during the war, a letter [Tablet] was written regarding
the teachings of His Holiness which may appropriately be
appended to this epistle.
TABLET
Is God!
people of the world!
The dawn of the Sun of Reality is assuredly for the illumination of the
world and for the manifestation of mercy. In the assemblage of the family of
Adam results and fruits are praiseworthy, and the holy bestowals of every
bounty are abundant. It is an absolute mercy and a complete bounty, the
illumination of the world, fellowship and harmony, love and union; nay, rather,
mercifulness and oneness, the elimination of discord and the unity of whomso-
ever are on the earth in the utmost of freedom and dignity. The Blessed Beauty
said; "All are the fruits of one tree and the leaves of one
branch". He likened the world of existence to one tree and all the souls to
leaves, blossoms and fruits. Therefore all the branches, leaves, blossoms and
fruits must be in the utmost of freshness, and the bringing about of this delicacy
and sweetness depends upon union and fellowship. Therefore they must assist
each other with all their power and seek everlasting life. Thus the friends of
God must manifest the mercy of the Compassionate Lord in the World of
existence and must show forth the bounty of the visible and invisible King.
They must purify their sight, and look upon mankind as the leaves, blossoms
and fruits of the tree of creation, and must always be thinking of doing good
to some one, of love, consideration, affection and assistance to somebody. They
must see no enemy and count no one as an ill Wisher. They must consider every-
one on the earth as a friend; regard the stranger as an intimate, and the alien as
a companion. They must not be bound by any tie, nay, rather, they should
be free from every bond. In this day the one who is favored in 'the threshold
of grandeur is the one who offers the cup of faithfulness and bestows the pearl
of gift to the enemies, even to the fallen oppressor, lends a helping hand, and
considers every bitter foe as an affectionate friend.
These are the commands of the Blessed Beauty, these are the counsels of
the Greatest Name. ye dear friends! The World is engaged in war and
struggle, and mankind is in the utmost conflict and danger. The darkness of
unfaithfulness has enshrouded the earth and the illumination of faithfulness
has become concealed. All nations and tribes of the world have sharpened their

