STAR OF THE WEST 241
his basis was not secure, he vanished and was exterminated. What then will
the violators do who are only a small number of feeble and insignificant souls?
For thirty years they have endeavored and at last they succeeded in drawing
around them a few thoughtless persons and some unbalanced and undignified
women. Soon ye shall see that even this small group will scatter.
How strange it is in America! "When I went to Green-Acre, I saw an
idolatrous East Indian, insignificant, unpleasant and offensive in 
whom even animals would avoid; he had gathered around himself a group of
people, had chosen a distant tree, and every morning before sunrise Would run
and hasten barefooted toward it, accompanied by a number of women. They
would reach it tired and exhausted, and there would fall upon the ground as
if they were worshipping an idol from among the idols of India. After several
days had elapsed, by subtle methods he begged a few dollars from those persons
and then returned to India.
In brief, my purpose is to show that whatever call is raised or proclaimed
in America, a group will doubtless gather around it; while, on the other hand,
the Oriental Friends (Bahais) are firm like unto the immovable mountains.
For thirty years have the violators striven to undermine the Cause, but they
have failed even to attract to their side their own kindred and relatives. That
is why, undoubtedly, in Persia, twenty th.ousand Bahais have been martyred
and severe tests have been brought about. Yet, praise be to God! not even a
single soul among the Flriends wavered. The violators in America do nothing
but flatter, seduce and show a love that is insincere. Consider What they did
to poor Lua (Getsinger) and how unfaithful they have been to her!
I11 short, take into consideration the outcomes and not the beginning. Every
follower of error mentions the name of Truth, and even the enemies of Christ
have declared in the name of God that Christ was a liar and an 
He destroyed the foundation of honor, that He was the breaker of the Sabbath
day and the associate of immoral persons. Although outwardly this charge
was upholding the Cause of the Old Testament, and took into consideration the
Religion of God, yet the underlying purpose was nothing but to overthrow the
Divine Structure and to debase the exalted Christ. Although on the surface
they seemed to defend the Cause of God, yet inwardly their purpose was
manifest error.
Finally, ye know how considerate I have been with some souls--how much
love and kindness I have shown them and at last found-out that the Cause of
God would be disgraced. I refused the three thousand pounds which ye gathered
for the expense of my travel to America, and during my sojourn in that land
did not accept anything from any person. Then I saw that secretly and for
varied motives, unworthy actions were being manifested. Consider my feel-
ings! My purpose was to demonstrate the independence and contentment of
the Servants of God. Ye know that I did not accept anything from any person
and acted in accordance with the admonition of Christ, who said that when-
ever ye leave a city, shake off even its dust from your shoes. Notwithstanding
that unworthy behavior, I was still patient. All were my guests." I daily paid
their expenses, showed them the utmost loving consideration and then paid
fully to all of them their entire expenses. Up to the present time, after all
this assistance and love, this has been my reward. What will be the recompense
of those who have not shown this love and consideration'!
In brief:--The Covenant is like unto the ocean which preserves Bahai
Unity, and these souls are like unto the foam upon it. They manifest a tem-

