40 STAR OF
have us all united, accepted the station
of servitude, calling himself, "The Ser-
vant of Baha, that we might all learn
a lesson from that humbleness--not be-
cause his station is lower than the rest.
The qualities of the sun are manifest;
the eyes behold them and it is not neces-
sary to try to convince us that they are
there.
We should carefully study the religion
of and obey it. See
with what names, what attributes
has clothed His Greatest
Branch. Study the Tablet of the
Branch and see how the Blessed Tree
described its Branch. The title of
"Abdul-Baha" should be our mirror
into which we should look every day to
learn the lesson of humbleness and servi-
tude. The title which he chose for him-
self, namely, "The Servant," should be
a lesson to us to try to overcome our
arrogance and selfishness, because the
ego is the only enemy of the Bahai. The
Bahai has no enemy except his own
ego, and that ego often makes him lower
than the animals._ Jesus Christ taught
the same lesson to the world when he
said: "VVhy callest thou me good'?
None is good save One, that is, God."
That was a lesson to his disciples to
teach them humbleness and reverence.
In Persia the Cause is firm and on a
solid foundation. If anyone comes to
them with an idea that would seemingly
destroy rather than build the Cause,
they ask him in a gentle manner: "Is
this your own opinion or that of Abdul-
Baha?" If he answers: "This is my
opinion," they say: "Barak-Allah
(God bless you). This may be a good
opinion, but keep it for yourself. How
do we know? Today you praise this one
and tomorrow you hate him. Today
you hate this one and tomorrow you
praise him. How do we know which one
you are going to take?" In this man-
ner they close the door of differences.
This does not mean, however, that if
the believers want to build up the work,
lending their influence and their opin-
THE WEST
ions which are harmonious to the Cause
of God, being willing to even sacrifice
their lives if necessary, that we should
suspect them. God forbid! There
should be no such misunderstanding.
But if there be anything contrary to the
teachings of and Abdul-
Baha, then ask such an one to produce
a written statement proving his au-
thority.
Differences are of two kinds, con-
structive and destructive. If one should
come and say, want to help you
build this house," you reply, "Wel-
come." But should he say, do not
agree with you. Build it this way. I
want to destroy this building. Build
it somewhere difference, my
friends, would be destructive. If, there-
fore, there are differences of opinion
among the believers which are conducive
to the promulgation of the Cause, there
is no harm in such differences; but ideas
or statements that are contrary to the
teachings must be authenticated, must
be shown, must be proven.
Therefore, the Bahais who would
keep the Cause clean and strong, should,
like unto a wise and careful gardener
who guards the young trees, plant seeds
that will grow and which the winds of
doubt will not blow away, the heat of
envy and jealousy will not burn, the
thief will not steal and the fire of de-
sire will not consume; and should pro-
tect them from the contrary winds of
conflicting and confusing opinions that
are conducive to separation rather than
to unity.
Our beloved Abdul-Baha says that, in
the future, even the rulers, the kings
of the world, will tremble if they try to
deviate one hair's breadth from this
great Covenant. There is no doubt
about it, because the religion of
is protected and fortified.
That oneness, which is the foundation of
the religion of cannot be
shaken when the banner of the mighty
Covenant is waving over the heads.
Allaho 'Abha I

