Z60 STAR OF
the kind Father. Rest assured in His
bounty and assistance.' 
The friends in Boston are indeed
arising in service. I am pleased With
them, am glad of their activities and
ever thinking of them and beg for them
all from the bounties of God's assistance
a11d confirmation. Their names are pre-
served and recorded in the Book of the
lordly ones in the Abha Kingdom. They
may rest assured in the bounty of His
Holiness that confirma-
tio-ns shall uninterruptedly descend
upon them.
I have been greatly affected by the
death of Mr. Sandy Kinney. What
a lovely child he was. On my behalf
say to Mr. and Mrs. Kinney: "Do
not grieve, and do not lament. That
tender and lovely shrub has been trans-
ferred from this World to the rose-gar-
den of the Kingdom and that longing
dove has flown to the divine nest. That
candle has been extinguished in this
nether world that it may be rekindled
in the Supreme Concourse. Ye shall
assuredly meet him face to face in the
world of mysteries at the assemblage of
Light."
At present, wisdom does not permit
that the teachers should apply to the
government for half-rate fares or should
have the property of the Mashrek0l-
Azkar exempt from government taxes.
\Visdom does not permit that at present.
Its time will co-me.
Concerning thy travel, if during the
spring season thou goest to Germany and
thence proceed to the Holy Land it will
be highly advisable. Thou art per-
mitted.
Upon thee be Baha-el-Abha!
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Haifa, Palestine, December 24, 1919'.)
MIRZA AHMAD SOHR-AB
To- his honor Mirza Ahmad Sohrabe
Upon him be El-Abha!
THE WEST
He Is God!
thou Wanderer over mountain and des-
ert in the Path of the kind Beloved!
Thy letter, after thy return from Cali-
fornia to New York, Was received. Praise
be to God, that in accord with the prom-
ise of Abdul-Baha thou didst behold the
bestowal and favor of His Highness
manifest and clear in all
the states of America! This is the ful-
fillment of What I have said: Every
soul who in this day is firm in the Cove-
nant will become the brilliant sign of
the Kingdom of Effulgence. Do thou
move and live in accord with the teach-
ings of Abdul-Baha; then thou Wilt ob-
serve that all the doors are open, all
the paths straightened, help and assist-
ance becoming one 's companion and the
cohorts of confirmation descending un-
interruptedly. Today whosoever is the
servant of the Kingdom of Abha Will be
established upon the throne of everlast-
ing sovereignty. Praise be to God, that
thou didst observe with thine own eyes
and listened with thine own ears that
today-the power of the Covenant is the
pulsating artery in the body of the
World. Whosoever becomes one of the
people of divine association, he is the
candle of splendor and whosoever is an
associate of the people of sedition he is
established and has his dwelling in the
lowest abyss of hell.
In the middle of nights, like Abdul-
Baha, supplicate at the Threshold of the
Blessed Perfection and cry and lament:
Thou kind God! I am a Weak ant,
bestow upon me the sovereignty of Solo-
mon! I am an ephemeral atom, suffer
me to appear in the flow of the rays of
the Sun of Reality! I am a drop, be-
stow upon me the waves of the Most
Great Sea! I am a mosquito, make me
the eagle of the Apex of Glory. I am
lowly, endear me in Thy Kingdom! I
am unknown and signless, grant me the
visible token of confirmation!"
The pilgrims returning from this
land, God willing, from now on will

