STAR OF THE WEST
"-We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. ll Kalamat l, 76 (July 13, 1920) No. 7
A Bahai Pilgrimage to South America
Compiled from letters written by Miss Roor while enroute.
FEELING the urge to go to South
America to spread the Bahai Mes-
sage, Miss Martha Root, of Cambridge
Springs, Pa., rose up to obey. Coming
to New York, the second evening at a
home Where she talked on the Bahai
Cause, the head of a newspaper syndi-
cate met her and asked her to sell him
her articles from South America. This
syndicate sends out its stories to over
one hundred newspapers. As a co-ur-
tesy they, at the same time, sent broad-
cast a short article of three hundred
words on the Bahai Revelation.
Expecting to sail June 21st, 1919, it
was July 22d whe11 the ship finally sailed,
some Chinese sailors being brought out
to take the place of striking American
seamen. The ship had stood out at the
Statue of Liberty eight days.
After real illness from intense fatigue,
the strain of the strike and the knowl-
edge that many of the passengers spoke
a different language spiritually--smok-
ing, drinking, bridge and 
Root did not try to solve her problem
of giving the Message for two days. Her
thought was that she of all people was
the least fitted to meet such a group.
She did not dance or play cards, neither
was she an enthusiastic sportswoman.
Reading the Creative \/Vord, every
line seemed a path for her to follow:
"Let not conventionality cause you to
seem cold and when you
meet strange people from other coun-
tries--be kind to the strangers . . . help
them to feel at home . . . ask if you may
render them any service . . . try to
make their lives a little happier . . .
let those who meet you know without
your proclaiming the fact that you are
indeed a Bahai." Again, "If we are
true Bahais, speech is not needed . . .
our actions will help on the world, will
spread civilization, will help the pro-
gress of science, and cause the arts to
develop . . . it is not by lip service
only that the elect of God have attained
to holiness, but by patient lives of active
service they have brought the Light into
the world."
Many of the Bahai friends had given
gifts to Miss Root. These were dis-
tributed for the comfort of others. The
passengers represented inhabitants from
Bahia, Argentina, Para, Uruguay, Para.-
guay and business men from Great Bri-
tain, Denmark and the United States.
Probably a third were Catholics, there
was one bishop of a Protestant church
commissioned to use a million and a
half dollars. in spreading his work;
there were four Christian Scientists,
some other people of various faiths, but
the majority were not visibly interested
in the life of the Spirit.
Miss Root, after serving everybody
and praying for capacity to serve more
intelligently and lovingly, received her
first opportunity about in this waymoney to buy prizes
for the sports. She took the best small
article in her apparel, did it up as nearly
as she could in the artistic fashion in
which the Japanese present gifts, and
took it to the sports committee to be
used as a prize. It was the only wom-

