STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE WEs'r!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahaiswhich is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and'thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the- attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will becomehosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
lty. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
(Signed) Annut-Bsfm Anus. 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE WEST, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the West they may become informed of the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA 
STAR OF THE WEST FOUNDATION 
Northeastern States: HARRIS.
Western States: HELEN S. GOODALL.
onthern States: Dominion of Canada: MAY MAXWELL.
Central States: ALBERT VAIL, CARL SCHEFFLER.
Editorial tafi ALBERT R. VVINDUST--GERTRUDE ZIA M. Bsenam
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD Somme
Vol. 11 Rahmat 1, 76 (June 24-, 1920) N0. 6
given to this country and Canada in the
Divine Plan last year, has been taken up
with a renewed energy, with an enthu-
siasm born of the Spirit, and with a
greater grasp of itsscope and impor-
tance.
While the Teaching Committee last
year felt that a little step had been taken
in the right path and a certain few
things had been they
also felt that this was only a very small
beginning and that they had not arrived
at the exalted station of action to which
the Center of the Covenant calls all the
believers on this continent, for we read
in the D"l11/into Plan (page 57) that Ab-
dul-Baha instructs all of us: "Up to
this time ye have displayed great mag-
nanimity but after this, ye must add a
thousand times to your effort."
The Committee meetings have been ex-
tremely interesting. Various subjects
were discussed harmoniously, resulting
in "all opinions coinciding;" and a
really fundamental unity was estab-
lished.
The following outline of a general
plan decided upon for the forwarding
of this great work of teaching will help
you, we hope, to keep closely in touch
with us, and we feel assured that all will
earnestly, sincerely and lovingly co-op-
erate to the extent of their ability.
On page 17 of the Divine Plan you
will find an instruction to the efiect that
when the Great Manifestation of God
came to the world to establish the one-
ness of the world of humanity, He first
prepared the world by making the world
externally a unit: namely, by means of
new inventions, new discoveries of va-
rious kinds, new laws and international
laws and other undertakings which made
the significance of co-operation most
prominent and indicated its essential
purpose. Thus the means were first cre-
ated in the material world for facilitat-
ing the establishing of spiritual unity.
We have all realized the great longing
of the heart of our beloved Abdul-Baha
(as expressed in so many, many Tablets)
to see actually demonstrated a unity of

