STAR OF THE WEST 260
ished their prayer I used to give the
Divine Glad Tidings. I used to give
the proofs and evidences of God. I gave
the teachings of the Blessed Beauty. All
listened. There was no opposition. In
truth I turned to God when I entered
the churches. When they were in the
congregation of God and were singing
songs I enjoyed it. Wlieii they were
shouting, "My God, my God!" I was
happy.
\Vhen His Holiness Christ gathered
his disciples together on that last night,
it was not in a church, it was in a room.
On that night they had the Last Sup-
per. It was in a room. The idea is that
the heart should be attracted, the spirit
filled with Divine Glad Tidings and the
soul turned to God. This is the object.
Other things are secondary.
Tuesday, September 7th, Western Pall-
gr/im ouse wife, after breath:-fast.
QUE-srio-N; "Just before the Master
came in we were talking about how to
train children to be- thoughtful of oth-
ers and unselfish. Will the Master speak
to us on this subject?"
ABDUL-BAHA: "The body of man is
from the World of nature. His body is
akin to that of the animal. He has an-
imal tendencies. But the Divine power
in him is great. His spirit is pure,
sanctified and heavenly. His body is
satanic. If his spiritual qualities over-
come his animal qualities he becomes
illumined, full of activities and good
qualities. But if the animal qualities
overcome the spiritual, the spiritual will
be entirely extinguished. All the qual-
ities Will be animalistic. In such a state
the love of self is found; man is im-
mersed in passion; darkness succeeds
darkness. Man becomes negligent of
God. sign of his spirituality remains.
This is why His Holiness Christ says
that we must be born again. VVhen man
is born from the womb of the mother he
is freed from material darkness. In the
same way he must be born from the
world of nature so that he may become
free from the darkness of the world of
nature. This is the second birth. Man
must always strive to have his spirit
overcome his body. \7Vhen his spirit
overcomes his body, the second birth
takes place and he becomes freed from
imperfections. He becomes filled with
virtues. He becomes nearer the Divine
and follows the Divine teachings. He
becomes like a lighted candle. This is
the reality of the subject. But when he
is immersed in the world of nature he
is like an animal, a fierce animal. He
displays all the worst qualities."
Sun-dag afternooat, September 5 th, Mt.
Carmel, near the Tomb of the Bab.
"Do you like it here"?
Do you like the view here?"
MISS "Yes. It is most beauti-
ful."
ABDUL-BAHA: "The truth is that
this place has a spiritual atmosphere.
There are many beautiful views, but
they have no spiritual atmosphere. All
the prophets h.ave been on Mt. Carmel,
but in the mountains of Lebanon there
were no prophets. It is strange that all
the world is one, yet this part has be-
come especially blessed. Palestine has
been mentioned by God continually.
But Sumal, Lebanon, and Damascus
have never been mentioned. There was
a magnificent temple of the sun at Baal-
bek. Its ruins still exist. It is written
in the Koran: "God gives His bounty
and favor to whomsoever He willeth."
So it is with this land.
"The heart is attracted here. His
Holiness Elijah dwelt in a cave below
this spot. At that time all the children
of Israel were opposed to the religion of
God. They were engaged in their own
passions and pursuits. Only their name
indicated that they were the people of
His Holiness Moses. If His Holiness
Moses had come among them at that
time he would not have recognized them.
He would have said: do not consider
them as my own, for they have entirely
forsaken the religion of Cod. They are

