270 ,9 1'i1 13 (9 1'11'1? IV l?i9 1'
deprived of the law of God. There is
no light at all remaining in them. They
are like a negro servant Whose name is
Diamond. His name is D-iamond but he
is a black servant.' Such was their con-
dition.
"Then His Holiness Elijah educated
certain souls in this cave. He educated
pure and sincere souls as they ought to
be and sent them among the children of
Israel. They began to teach and call
the children of Israel back to God. They
called them back again to the law of
God. His Holiness Elijah gathered all
their chief men together and brought
them to the top of this mountain. There
were three hundred and sixty of these
chief men. But however much he taught
and counselled them he obtained no re-
sult. He tried to guide them, but it
was no use. For several years he worked
to educate them. At the end no result
was apparent. He realized that they
would corrupt other souls. Then he had
these three hundred and sixty men put
to death. Then the rest of the children
of Israel returned to their original spir-
itual morals and behavior. Then they
regained their spiritual life. The ever-
la.sting glory again became apparent.
They overcame the neighboring tribes.
They rebuilt the Holy Temple. The
laws of God were put into effect.
"Then when His Holiness Elijah had
finished his work he left it and went
away. He retired. They thought he
had ascended to Heaven. But no, hav-
ing accomplished his work, he retired.
He had no attachment to the world.
When his object was accomplished he
retired from the world. When he re-
alized that his work was done he de-
voted himself to his own development.
"The sincerity of a pure person is ap-
parent in his deeds and activities. His
Holiness Elijah tried very much and la-
bored very hard. Then when the way
became smooth and the time of comfort
and ease came he went away. He had
no attachment to this world. All the
thoughts of man, every trace which he
leaves behind him must be heavenly. He
must have no attachment to this world.
This world is like the waves of the sea.
It does not last. The wise person does
not attach his heart to waves."
Sunday, September 5th., a-t the supper
table in Abdul-Baha/s house.
ABDUL-BAHA: hope the health of
the friends is good. Today you went to
visit the Shrine of the Bab. Are you
happy?
"His Holiness Christ was once eating
grapes. He said, will not eat grapes
again until I eat them anew with you in
the Kingdom.' But the grapes of the
Kingdom are not like these grapes (re-
ferring to the grapes on the table). In
the Kingdom there are no grapes like
these. Now also, I say to- you all. \Ve
will eat together of the Divine Bounty,
that is Divine food, God willing, in the
Kingdom. Its taste is everlasting. Its
strength and power is everlasting. God
willing, we will eat together there of
that heavenly food."
Mabel Paine.
News from Sweden
Boviken, Sweden.
To the STAR or THE Wnsr--
Friends of the Kingdom of El-Abha!
Your humble co-servant in the great
Cause of God arrived in Sweden the
8th of July. Went to the most remote
corner of the country to begin spreading
the great Truth, and there I found a
pure hearted soul, who in three weeks
accepted the Truth. Highly educated
i11 both Swedish and English, she be-
gan to work with me in the Cause.
Naturally, progress is very slow, but
hope by the grace of God and our be-
loved Master, will soon grow faster.
Yours in the Kingdom of El-Abha,
August Rudd.

