STAR OF THE WEST 129
these eternal blessings so that he may
be Worthy of becoming a servant to
every sincere Worker in America.
Everybody here and throughout the
Orient inquires about the STAR or THE
Wnsr, and they long to see it. The
wish is as follows; That at
present I should continue to Work on
the Persian section just as I formerly
did, to quote from the "Words of BAHA-
and publish articles that have
universal interest and benefit; and in
the future he will send someone who
will devote his time to it. At present I
am Waiting for the first chance to secure
passage on a boat to sail for America.
The shortage of coal on account of
strikes, the decrease of ships on ac-
count of submarine destruction, the
increased migration on account of un-
rest and the high cost of living, all to-
gether have multiplied the burden of
traveling hardships.
Please convey my love and longings
to your households and to all the friends
in America, especially the Chicago Ba-
ha-i Assembly. All send their Abha love
from this most fragrant and luminous
spot.
I beg to remain, your humble co-
Worker,
ta-.
P. S.--Jena.bi Assadollah Fazel Mazan-
darani is indeed a precious gift. from
the Master to America. He is learned,
sincere, humble and severed from mortal
things. I hope as long as he is in the
'West he Will find in America a real
home and he will read the smile of true
Bahai hospitality i11 every American
face. Please convey my love and long-
ings to him, also to Manucher Khan.
To the Central Organization for a Durable Peace
(Continued from page 127)
communities and religions may find their highest Wish realized in it. At present
the teachings of His Holiness are such that all the communities of
the World, Whether religious, political or ethical, ancient or modern, find in the
teachings of the 8Xp1'6Ssi011 of their highest wish.
For example, the people of religions find, in the teachings of His Holiness
the establishment of Universal Religion--a religion that perfectly
conforms With present conditions, which in reality effects the immediate cure of
the incurable disease, which relieves every pain, and bestows the infallible
antidote for every deadly poison. F'or if We Wish to arrange and organize the
World of mankind in accordance with the present religious imitations and thereby
to establish the felicity of the World of mankind, it is impossible and impracti-
example, the enforcement of the laws of the. Old Testament (Taurat)
and also of the other religions in accordance with present imitations. But the
essential basis of all the Divine Religions which pertains to the virtues of the
world of mankind and is the foundation of the Welfare of the World of man,
is found in the teachings of His Holiness in the most perfect
presentation.
Similarly, with regard to the peoples Who clamor for freedom: the moderate
freedom which guarantees the welfare of the World of mankind and maintains
and preserves the universal relationships, is found in its fullest power and
extension in the teachings of His Holiness 
So with regard to political parties: that which is the greatest policy directing
the World of mankind, nay, rather, the Divine policy, is found in the teachings
of His Holiness 

