I18 STAR OF THE WEST
booklet. The Library though small had
a delightful atmosphere.
In the evening, Miss Root went to see
the editor of the principal newspaper,
A Tribune, and on the following eve-
ning, Theosophists, seeing the Bahai ar-
ticle in the paper, called and invited her
to address their society. As she was
sailing the next day they appointed a
"commission" to meet at her hotel in
the morning.
Sometimes the most glorious events in
life come upon one unaware and
this was one of them. Three men came,
the president of the Theosophical So-
ciety, Mr. Guido Gnocchi, a great worker
since its beginning five years ago, and
two other distinguished Theosophists.
Miss R-oot at first asked them about their
society and saidlshe would write about
it in the North American papers. The
president, through an interpreter (one
of their own number), explained that he
had come to learn more about the Bahai
Cause. He had articles in his home
about and Abdul-Baha,
and believed that they are the \Vor1d
Teachers today; he spoke of them at a
Theosophical Conference in Sao Paulo
recently. He said he wished to Write
about them in the different newspapers
throughout Brazil, just as he had writ-
ten to help Theosophy.
Miss Root had a number -of Portu-
guese newspaper clippings explaining
the Cause and its principles. The young
is an Italian by birth, an
artist, and very im-
mediately that he would tr.anslate the
blue booklet into Portuguese and get its
thoughts into the newspapers of Brazil.
He said: will work for this Bahai
Cause in Brazil. I will try to learn Eng-
lish to propagate it further and I have
a great longing to travel around me
world to spread its Teachings." This
man had never heard of traveling Bahai
teachers. He had only glimpsed the
principles, but like Paul he had the vis-
ion. They talked for hours and she gave
them Thornton Chase 's The Bahai Reve-
lation, Abul Fazl's Bahai Proofs, the
Diioine Plan, and several booklets. One
of the other men is from Fiume, though
all three have been in Brazil many years.
He had a vision of "the oneness of the
world of humanity," and wrote a book
on this subject which is in its second
edition. He is much interested in the
Bahai Cause and can read English.
When the Santos friends came to
bring Miss Root to the ship outward
bound for Buenos Aires, Mr. Guido
Gnocchi had with him a friend from Sao
Paulo to whom he had spoken of the
Bahai Cause. This man, J. R. Gon-
calves da Silva, who for many years has
been a free thinker, occultist and scholar
said he had come to ask for literature.
He will tell others in the state and city
of Sao Paulo of this Bahai Revelation.
Mr. Gnocchi read to the group a long
article which he had just finished for a
Brazilian paper, giving the history of
the Bahai Cause; it would appear that
week.
Brazilians of the better classes in the
large cities have much broader views
and are much more refined than people
in the United States realize. They are
not specialists but have a general and
very real culture. Many of them have
been educated in Europe and all have
centuries of refinement back of them.
Their manners are so perfect and pleas-
ing, one cannot help wishing other coun-
tries had Ways as gentle and as truly
polite. They are not creed-bound and
the very broadness of the Bahai Move-
ment makes it appeal to them. With-
in a century there will be Mashrekol-
Azkars in Brazil. The wonderful souls,
the good articles in the newspapers, the
books in the libraries will be enveloped
in the clouds of the Holy Spirit, and
the Bab, and Abdul-Baha,
the Center of the Covenant, will be
known in every city and hamlet. "Ver-
ily, He is the Powerful over all that He
wisheth."
(To be continued.)

