STAR OF THE WEST 163
teaching in various parts of the city,
and many seekers. We have a meeting
here (in the united home of Dr. Moody
and Miss Stewart) every Tuesday after-
noon with a Persian woman teacher,
and it is Wonderful to hear her teach-
ing from all the different holy books,
according to whom she has present, Ar-
menian, Jew, Moslem or Zoroastrian.
Saturdays, at sunset, we have a meet-
ing for men. Mirza Farajo'llah teaches
and has taught here in our office, this
men's meeting, for seven years."
Such floods of the ocean of His Ut-
terance, and the knowledge of their ef-
fect upon the arising souls, pour in
from all parts that, indeed, we could
not bear more upon our sensitive spirits
and remain Mirza Abul
Fazl once said.
I. D. Brittiizghaoit.
Tablets received by American Bahais in 1919
(Continued from page 159)
power engaged in service. This youth
shall be confirmed and shall plant for
you a tree that shall eternally yield
fresh fruits.
The meeting which ye prepared at the
home of Mr. and Mrs. Nash, 011 the day
of Naurooz, was an illumined assemb-
lage and the recipient of merciful bles-
sings. Such gatherings are pregnant
with remarkable results and their im-
portance shall, in -the future, be made
evident and manifest. During the au-
tumn season the seed is sown and its
significance is veiled, but when spring-
time approaches and causes it to thrive,
then its importance is revealed.
At present the principle of the One-
ness of Mankind resembles a seed which
is sown and which at first commands
no importance, but when the springtime
of Universal Peace draws near, then it
shall grow and its importance be made
known.
Upon ye be Baha-El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA .ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Bahjeh, Acca, Palestine, July 20, 1919.)

SOPHIE LOEDING
To the maid-servant of God, Sophie
Loeding, Chicago, Illinois--Upon her
be El-Abha!
Is God!
thou daughter of the Kingdom!
Praise be to God, thou hast attended
the Mashrekol-Azkar Convention at New
York, hast witnessed that great stir and
celebration, hast associated with the
friends and joined them in their songs,
hast been animated and quickened and
with a new spirit hast returned to Chi-
cago. Associate intimately with the
class of young friends and join them
in their activities. Convey to them my
respectful greeting and say: class
of young people! Praise be to God,
ye are strong in body and are glad-
dened in spirit by the divine glad-
tidings. Ye must exert an effort and
must labor hard. The light of the one-
ness of the world of humanity and of
universal peace must radiate from your
class to the surrounding regions, ye
must be the cause of the promulgation
of heavenly teachings and must sum-
mon the souls to merciful characteristics
that they may acquire a Bahai training
and may be confirmed by divine assist-
ance."
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAI--IA Aseas.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Bahjeh, Acca, Palestine, July 20, 1919'.)
ii.
MABEL RICE-WRAY
To the maid-servant of God, Mrs. Mabel
Rice-Wray, Detroit, Michigan--Upon
her be El-Abha!

