18 STAR OF
destined station (see Divan-e Plan, p. 67)
is that there must be "fellowship and
love amongst the believers." This love
must reach a superlative degree of joy
and fragrance. Again: "Whosoever has
lost himself, has found the universe and
the inhabitants thereof." "The master-
key to self-mastery is self-forgetfulness. 
77, 78.) The burden of all these
stirring Words, his instructions, are that
We must love one another, renounce our-
selves, forget our opinions, cast aside
personalities, do only the business of the
Cause, and confer life, joy and fragrance
upon the souls. "Contention is abso-
lutely forbidden," only "infinite amity
and love" shall exist among the friends.
The "least trace of controversy" shall
become the signal for silence among those
so engaged.
"The brilliant sun is shining;
The full moon is ornamenting the horizon
of ether;
The great ocean-tide is flooding every
little stream;
The gifts are successive, the favors
consecutive;
The refreshing breeze is blowing, wafting
the fragrant perfume of the blossoms;
Boundless treasure is in the hand of the
King of Kings;
Lift the hem of thy garment that thou
mayest receive itl"
ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
These fragrant "blossoms" whose per-
fume reaches us, Whence they are and
Whither do they grow'? Are they not the
roses and hyacinths of the King's gar-
den, around Which the dwellers of that
ineifable concourse are gathered"! In
truth, this perfume is the fragrance of
their own radiant and purified hearts.
Let us gather with them, at the con-
vention, with cleansed nostrils, constitut-
ing an assembly wherein the divine
perfections of that luminous concourse
shall cast no shadow, but light upon
light.
The Feast of Rizwan will be cele-
brated April 24th, 1920, at the Aldine
Club, 200 Fifth Avenue, 14th floor, New
York City, with a reception at 5 :00 P. M.
THE WEST
and the feast Will be laid at 6 :30 P. M.
The kind friends of the New York As-
sembly through the Rizwan committee
are in charge of the feast. In keep-
ing With the desire of the friends every-
Where, the feast Will be celebrated in
the utmost simplicity and beauty, and
mainly Persian food Will be served, the
price for each person not to exceed $2.50.
The Aldine Club quarters are very
beautiful and attractive, and there are
accommodations for 750 people. All the
facilities of the Club will be at our
service.
The convention, or annual meeting
of Bahai Temple Unity, Will open at the
Convention Hall of the Engineering So-
cieties at 29' West 39th Street, at 10
A. M., on Monday, continuing through
the day, and similarly on Tuesday and
Wednesday. This hall seats 500. Con-
nected With the Convention Hall will be
a large and beautiful room Where the
Mashrekol-Azkar plans and models Will
be placed for the observation of the
friends.
The congress will be held on the
evenings of Sunday, Monday, Tuesday
and Wednesday, four sessions, detailed
program of which Will be ready shortly.
The congress sessions are-to be at the
same address as the convention, namely,
the Engineering Societies, 29 West 39th
Street, and Will be in the Auditorium of
the Societies, a most beautiful and
spacious room. accommodating 950,
splendidly lighted, and With every con-
venient facility.
Please info-rm your delegate and al-
ternate especially of this outline, as well
as the friends of the assembly Who
though not all present in the gatherings,
will unite in spirit and in love and
fragrance throughout this Rizwan time.
"The heavenly Beloved with celestial
beauty is present in the assemblage of
the friends! Be ye thankful!" (Divine
Plan, p. 79.)
In His love,
Your brother,
Alfred Lwnt, Secretary.

