292 STAR OF THE WEST
News from South Africa
Extract from Bulletin No. 5 issued by the Teaching Committee.
WE are sure all will be happy to
hear of the progress of' the work
in South Africa through reports from
Miss Fanny Knobloch, who left this
country during the early summer. Go-
ing over on the steamer she was con-
firmed to give the Message to many souls.
There was a Forum arranged as part
of the entertainment, and she was in-
vited to speak. She held the attention
of the audience, including the ship 's of-
ficers for over an hour. Some sixty-four
or more listened to her talk, "My trip
to the Orient," and of course she pro-
claimed the Glorious Message. This re-
sulted in many wanting to know more
and requests for literature. Also
through the interest awakened and the
friendship of some of the passengers
she was introduced into some delightful
homes in Cape Town upon arrival there.
Miss Knobloch was scarcely settled in
her hotel, before Bahai work started.
Her temporary abiding place was the
Cadarga Hotel, where, unlike other
places, the guests are supposed to mingle
socially, and every one present is ex-
pected to meet thus informally. At the
time of writing she had been privileged
to give the Message to many guests at
this hotel. "The people here are re-
fined, very spiritual, almost angelic,"
she writes.
From her letters, we gather that the
Message had been given in Cape Town
before, at least in part, for about seven
years ago a Dr. Buchanan, then a min-
ister of the Presbyterian church, ex-
pounded some of the principles of the
Bahai Cause. This attracted the edu-
cated and best class of citizens. Dr.
Buchanan left South Africa because
of his health, and is living now in
the United States. Those interested
were without a teacher and without lit-
erature and so they became scattered.
In a remarkable way Miss Knobloch
came in touch with some one who had
attended these meetings, and thus be-
gan the gathering together of the would-
be-nucleus started so long ago. It is not
possible to tell you how happy Miss
Knobloch has made the people. That
she is there seems like a miracle to them;
that they are to receive the real Bread
of Life, they can scarcely believe. Some
of them exclaimed: "Is it true, is it
really true? You have come to us to
bring the Bahai Message? how re-
joiced and happy you will make us!"
During this short time of residence
there, she has gathered together the old
nuclcus--who were attracted to the
Cause, but not fully informed. They
are having regular meetings for study-
ing the teachings. At the close of her
letter she adds:
"On Monday we are to read and dis-
cuss the first chapter of The I ghan.
Wednesday afternoon and evening we
will discuss the blessed Cause at the
home of Mr. and Mrs. Cook. Thurs-
day evening the Message will be given
at the beautiful home of Mr. and Mrs.
Jones. Friday evening seven new seek-
ers will meet me at Miss Busby's apart-
ment. Then next week I speak at the
Forum; and still another public address
has been arranged for me under the aus-
pices of the Theosophical Society. . . .
In the meantime there are parlor talks
in various homes, and the time passes
all too swiftly. How little I am quali-
fied to do this is so much I
should know; yet here I am, even with-
out fear, yes, with confidence in the
guidance of Abdul-Baha. D0 pray for
me."
The confirmations of the Center of the
Covenant have surely reached Fanny
Knobloch. That this is just a begin-
ning, and that she will continue to serve
effectively, there is no doubt, for she has
the promise of Abdul-Baha.

