274
STAR OF THE WEST
Then, ye friends of God! Ye must not only have kind and merciful
feelings for mankind, but ye should also exercise the utmost kindness towards
every living creature. The physical sensibilities and instincts are common to
animal and man. Man is, however, negligent of this reality and imagines that
sensibility is peculiar to mankind, therefore he practices cruelty to the animal.
In reality what difference is there in physical sensations! Sensibility is the
same whether you harm man or animal; there is no difference. Nay rather,
cruelty to the animal is more painful because man has a tongue and he sighs,
complains and groans when he receives an injury and complains to the gov-
ernment and the government protects him from cruelty, but the poor animal
cannot speak, it can neither show its suffering nor is it able to appeal to the
government. If it is harmed a thousand times by man it is not able to defend
itself in words nor can it seek justice or retaliate. Therefore one must be
very considerate towards animals and show greater kindness to them than
to man. Educate the children in their infancy in such a way that they may
become exceedingly kind and merciful to the animals. If an animal is sick
they should endeavor to cure it; if it is hungry they should feed it; if it is
thirsty, they should satisfy its thirst; if it is tired they should give it rest.
Man is generally sinful and the animal is innocent; unquestionably one
must be more kind and merciful to the innocent. The harmful animals, such as
the bloodthirsty wolf, the poisonous snake and other injurious animals are ex-
cepted, because mercy towards these is cruelty to man, and other animals. For
instance, if you show kindness to a wolf this becomes a tyranny to the sheep, for
it (the wolf) may destroy an entire flock of sheep. If you give the opportunity
the cause of the destruction of a thousand animals and
men. Therefore, sympathy to the ferocious animal is cruelty to the peaceful
animal, so they (ferocious animals) should be done away with. To the blessed
animals, however, the utmost kindness should be exercised: the more the bet-
ter it will be. This sympathy and kindness is one of the fundamental prin-
ciples of the divine kingdom. Ye should pay great attention to this question.
Unto ye be the glory of Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Azizullah S. Bahadur, Haifa, Palestine, November 12th, 1920.)
News from England
(Continued from page 271)
the friends in Stuttgart that we have
not written to them, because we have
had our hands full here, and we have
had no one strong enough to deal with
even Manchester alone, but hope in fu-
ture to begin a very happy correspond-
ence with them. During the war, we
always regarded the Stuttgart Bahais as
a handful of brilliant jewels in the set-
ting of that beautiful country and our
sympathies went out continually to
them; and we always mentioned them
with high honor and respect. When
I was sent as a conscript to
France, working in the forests, or with
pick and spade on the miserable roads
of that country even in the battle zone,
I often spoke of the Stuttgart Bahais,
praising them because they were out for
the Brotherhood of Man, and making it
plain that we were all victims of a sav-
age past and the godlessness of today;
and the soldiers agreed that this was
true.
I can only speak as representing a
very few here in Manchester; but we re-
spect and love, and feel in perfect unity
with the energetic and large body of

