214- STAR OF
prayed the "Ya Allah El-Mostaghos"
for all. Over and over again in that
black uncertainty, the clear, vibrant
voice of the Italian girl would ring down
the line of mules: "Mademoiselle, are
you all right?" Tears of deepest ten-
derness spring to the eyes at the thought
of such a friend. The New Yorker's
mule was not a good one and he was so
far behind Miss Root did not see him
before she entered the tunnel. All
started together, but it was not possible
to keep together--one does not drive
the mule but leaves the sure footed little
carrier of destiny to choose his own path.
Later, out from the tunnel, when the
procession came to precipitous down-
ward slopes toward Chile, Miss Root
could not even see the one inch margin
that had been promised by the man in
his newspaper account. To her this
was by far the most dangerous part of.
the journey. And so it was with great
joy that she saw the men getting oft
their mules and walking farther in down
the mountain side. She did the same
for the mules would sometimes slip a
yard in this perpendicular path and
they Were frightened too. Taking the
guide 's hand they made the descent to-
gether, and when they could not walk
they could run! The Warm sun had
melted the crisp ice just enough that
they could get a foothold. They
stopped every few minutes to breathe
as one 's breath is very short in this alti-
tude. Some fainted, some had "puna,"
which is bleeding of the nose and ears.
Everything given Miss Root was passed
along to those who needed it.
The train journey later ended in trop-
ical gardens and orchards of divinely
fragrant orange blossoms. The Italian
girl, Miss Root and the New Yorker
said they would remember the trip as
one of the happiest of incidents. The
custom house inspector at Los Andes
has a Bahai booklet in Spanish, as has
also the mule driver.
The New Yorker's firm in Valparaiso
treated Miss Root as a sister. They put
her bags through the customs, had them
THE WEST
taken by their own porters to the ship,
called a messenger boy to escort her to
the Theosophists, later took her to
lunch with the New York guest of honor,
and all three men took her in a launch
to her ship. She explained the Bahai
Cause.
Dr. Vargas had given her a note of
introduction to the President of the
Theosophical Society in Valparaiso who
speaks both English and Esperanto. He
promised to get articles into Valparaiso
papers and to tell the friends in Santi-
ago. (The train was delayed by storm
and Miss Root did not get to Santiago,
a city of 300,000 and eleven daily pa-
pers.) Valparaiso has a population of
250,000. Instead of staying four days
in Valparaiso, she only stayed four
hours, owing to the Andes storm.
The trip up the west coast on a Chil-
ean ship was immensely interesting.
Grippe had to be the shadow to make
one appreciate the sunshine, so the first
few places are but memories of trying
to get ashore to newspaper oflices to eX-
plain the Bahai Message, then leaning
against the friendly lamp posts for
strength to drag one 's self back to the
boat. An engineer and his wife, who
have been in Chile two years and spoke
Spanish, went ashore with Miss Root at
Coquimbo and Antafogasta and inter-
preted.
In Iquique, a soldier boy who spoke
English, took Miss Root to all four
newspapers, but as it was Sunday and
Columbus Day, only one was open, but
she gave the Message to a small group
there. The editor used an article. In
Arica, the editorial writer of the paper
was a woman. She was much interested
in the Bahai ideas about women. She
said she would use an article and would
be glad to use others later. As Miss
Root left she said in English the one
word, "sister!"
During the voyage it was not possible
to give a lecture, as most of the people
were traveling short distances and the

