198 STAR OF
["The STAR or THE WEST must, at
present, be written both in English and
Persian. Miss Gertrude Buikema is
indeed serving the STAR. We hope that
with his honor Dr. Zia Bagdadi--Upon
him be the may be
both assisted in remarkable services.
Your efforts are evident and well known
in the sight of Abdul-Baha. I pray God
that, under all conditions, ye may be
assisted and confirmed. As to the edi-
torship of the STAR or THE. what-
ever ye deem advisable is accepted by
Abdul-Baha. 
"At present both of you must, as ye
have been doing in the past, endeavor
for the arrangement and the publica-
tion of the STAR or THE How-
ever, the means of subsistence are neces-
sary for both of you and ye cannot con-
centrate your time in this matter. Serve,
therefore, as much as it is possible, the
STAR or THE and in order to
secure the means of livelihood, do not
abandon your own occupations. When
the STAR OF THE will be so widely
published as to insure your necessary
expenses, then if ye abandon your oc-
cupation and concentrate upon the
STAR, it will be preferable. But at
present ye are forced to engage in your
occupation that the means of livelihood
may be secured.
"As I have no time, I have writte11
thee in brief. Whatever question comes
up, submit it to the Editorial Staff
Committee for discussion a11d consider-
ation and then hold to what ye deem ad-
visable and suitable. 
Mr. Mlindust went on to say that the
instructions to the Persians brought im-
mediate fruit, as always, and that a
short time ago the STAR received a con-
tribution from Teheran. He spoke of
a remarkable spiritual incident which
has occurred in the affairs of the print-
ing office in which he, Mr. Windust, is
a partner, which he believes will enable
him to give more attention to the STAR
or THE than previously. He de-
scribed most beautifully the ideals of
THE WEST
the editors of the STAB in the following
words:
Bahais know that Paradise for
us is the Face of God. Paradise is not
a room or a picture or a creed, or a cer-
tain state of mind or anything of that
kind. We know that the ultimate goal
is to come into the Presence of the Man-
ifestation of God. We know the people
of the past have been looking forward to
the appearance of for He
is the One whom the people of the an-
cient and modern times have been seek-
ing. The journeys of the people of the
past lead to the presence of His Holy
Face. His Blessed Face is the goal of
the lovers. As He has been the goal of
the lovers since the beginning of historic
time, so will He be the goal of future
people for a thousand or thousands of
years. The people of the future will
look backward to His time. Every
movement, every word of His Holiness,
wondrous life and of His
son 's blessed life--His Holiness, Abdul-
Baha, the Center of the Covenant--and
of every one of the holy souls with him
together with the activities of the
friends during this time, will be the
most precious things of humanity for a
thousand or thousands of years to come.
The spotlight of history is directed to
this time. Remember what Mrs. Cham-
berlain said Mirza Abul Faz-l's answer
was to her question, 'WVhat is the great-
est thing in the Bahai teachings?' and
he said, 'The appreciation of this time.'
"When the curtain comes down on
the last word and action of His Holiness,
Abdul-Baha, upon this plane, the great
drama of the ages will have been closed.
There has been the prologue, there will
be the epilogue, but the great Third Act
of the mighty drama of the Bab, 
and Abdul-Baha will have ended.
And it is evident that the people of the
future will search out every detail, not
only in connection with the Bahai Cause,
but every other activity--scientific, lit-
erary, etc. everything that has hap-
pened at this time.

