STAR OF THE IVEST 109
chubby black hands. Miss Root had
studied palmistry a little before she was
a Bahai and While there is not much in
it, Abdul-Baha says that the lines of the
hands undoubtedly do show something
of the character of the individual.
Anyway it helped her to get acquainted
quickly, and three days later the cap-
tain challenged her before the crowd:
bet you cannot read my hand ex-
actly the same a second time. If you
prove you can I will put it on the rec-
ords of the ship among the distinguished
passengers that you are the first Bahai
ever to ride over these lines, and that
they can find out all about what a Bahai
is by reading the book (Thornton
Chase 's The Baha/5 Revelation) you put
in the ship 's library. Miss Root called
his bluff and read his palm exactly the
same in the second instance.
Some of the passengers were agnos-
tics. The Christian Scientist said, "My
belief is so precious to me, I would not
profane it by talking it over with peo-
ple who would not appreciate it." Even
aboard this ship, the conversation with
all types of passengers showed that peo-
ple were ready to hear. Often the ones
that the Bahai would expect to accept
it, fell back to sleep, and the ones that
appeared to be fast asleep, woke up. If
one can forget one's own poor capacity
and stand evanescent can
speak. It may help other Bahai teach-
ers to use the prayer revealed for Abul
Fazl: pray Thee by the effulgence
of the sun of Thy beneficence and by
the Waves of the sea of Thy gener-
osity, to put into my words and utter-
ances a trace of the traces of Thy Su-
preme \Vord, so that the reality of all
things may be attracted and drawn. 
The Words of Abdul-Baha in the Di-
otne Plan came to Miss Root every day
of the journey: how I long that it
would be made possible for me to travel
through these parts, even if necessary
on foot, and with the utmost of poverty
and While passing through the cities,
villages, mountains, deserts and oceansvoice, 'Ya-Bah:-r
El-Abha!' and promote the divine teach-
ings. But now this is not feasible for
me, therefore I live in great regret.
Perchance, God willing, ye may become
assisted therein."
The blue booklets Were not given out
that first Sunday evening. It seemed
better to wait for friends to ask for them.
A young Westerii business woman go-
ing to Paraguay for a second period of
three years' work took several Bahai
books and a11 Esperanto book which Miss
Root gave her. Some Bahia Catholics
read the booklet. A young man from
Montevideo, Uruguay, said Uruguay had
made the most progress of any country
in South America,- and one of the prin-
cipal causes was that the people had
become free thinkers. Passengers from
Bahia and Montevedio asked her to be
their guest. Every soul proved a friend.
It was indeed a family party. The
chief steward said: "'Why do you not
tell our help about this 
he complimented it. These stewards
were told about the Cause, and the
Chinese sailors had the Message sent to
them. At the fancy dress ball Miss Root
Went as a Persian and the captain asked
her to present the prizes.
Para was the first city in South Amer-
ica sighted after a voyage of two weeks.
It is situated at the mouth of the great
Amazon River and has a population of
175,000 inhabitants. It rains every day
in this city on the equator and people
make all their appointments for "after
the rain," which usually comes about
3 P. M. Passengers had one day ashore.
Starting out at 9 A. M. the conventional
automobile ride was taken.
They say that in South America a
woman should never Walk out alone, but
in the afternoon, "after the rain," when
the other passengers were getting on
street cars to ride around the city, Miss
Root left them saying that she was going
to hunt for some newspaper ofiice. After
several inquiries among newsboys, point-
ing to their journals one of the boys took
her to a newspaper office. It proved to

