232 STAR OF THE 
Tablets from Abdul-Baha to Bahais in America
LOUISE SMITH
To the maid-servant of God, Mrs. Louise
Smith, Cleveland, her be
El-Abha!
Is God!
thou daughter of the Kingdom!
Two letters have been received from
thee. Thou hast a highly praiseworthy
wish and that is service to the Kingdom
of God, service to the oneness of the
world of humanity, the training of chil-
dren at the home of Mrs. Kibby and the
promotion of the question of the Mash-
rekol-Azkar. All these intentions are ac-
ceptable at the Threshold of the Al-
mighty. I therefore pray God that thou
mayest be confirmed in service, so that
these children may be trained by a di-
vine education and may each become
aware of the inner realities and signifi-
canoes.
Convey, on my behalf, to the friends
in Cleveland, longing greeting. I hope
that the love of God may become the
cause of their union and harmony and
the power of the Covenant may do away
with this difference. Today, no power
can do away with this difference save
the power of the Covenant of the
Blessed Beauty, for a specially ap-
pointed Center has been appointed by
the Supreme Pen to which all differ-
ences must be submitted and which set-
tles all differences. Whatever he says
is right, for, in accordanc with the ex-
plicit command, all are ordered to turn
their faces toward that Center, and he
is the expounder of the Book. Thus it
is made evident and manifest that the
power of the Covenant is the power
which solves all difliculties.
Convey on my behalf the utmost love
and kindness to the maid-servants of
God, Mrs. Potter, Miss Williams, Miss
Fanchon and Miss Brandeau.
Upon thee be Baha-El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA Amass.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Haifa, Palestine, August 2, 1919.)

MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Through Mr. Roy C. Wilhelm, New York
City~Up0n him be BAHAJOJLLAH El-
Ahha Mirza Ahmad 
Upon him be El-Abha!
He Is God!
thou servant of the Holy Threshold!
Thy cablegram was received, and im-
mediately a cablegram of congratula-
tion and felicitation was sent. Un-
doubtedly it has reached thee. This
news became conducive to exceeding re-
joicing. It is strongly hoped from the
favor of the Blessed Perfection that it
may be consummated in the most per-
fect manner. R-est thou assured that
there will arise no obstacle and no im-
pediment. Give thou importance to this
matter, and manifest thou magnanimity
in its regard.
In all those regions exercise thou the
utmost vigilance and that
nostrils may be protected from the evil
odor, and eternal death may not creep
over souls. Give thou importance to
this fundamental principle; for, if a
thousand able-bodied, healthy souls, with
utmost freshness and elegance, associate
with a sick consumptive the health of
those thousand souls will not affect the
consumptive, but the illness of that con-
sumptive will be communicated in a
short time to those healthy bodies.
Therefore, do thou protect the souls as
far as thou art able. Send away the
sickly looking consumptive. There is no
other recourse. According to' the texts
of the Sacred Verses, one must refrain
from associating with the wicked. . . .
Upon thee be Baha-El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Asses.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
Denver, Co-10., February 12, 1920.)

