20 STAR OF THE WEST
"Before choosing a wife a man must think soberly"
Talk by ABDUL-BAI-IA to Mirza Ahmad Sohrab on December 22nd, 1918, the day
before his departure from the Holy Land.
NOW that thou art returning to
America thou must think of taking
unto thyself a. wife. Do thou choo-se
a girl who may be suitable to thy intel-
lectual and spiritual ideals. She must
be wise, intelligent, and a symbol of
aspiring perfection. She must take an
interest in all the problems pertaining
to thy life, and be thy companion and
partner in every phase of thy existence.
She must be sympathetic, kind-hearted,
happy and endowed with a joyful dis-
position. Then thou must devote thy-
self to her happiness and love her with
a glorious, spiritual love.
Before choosing a wife a man must
think soberly and seriously that this
girl will be his friend throughout all
his life. It is not a temporary matter.
She is a soul with whom he must as-
sociate all the days of his life; she will
be his mate and his intimate confidant;
therefore, day by day their love and
their attachment to each other must in-
crease.
The greatest bond that will unite the
hearts of man and wife is faithfulness
and loyalty. Both must exercise toward
each other the utmost faithfulness and
loyalty and not let any trace of jealousy
creep between them; for this thing like
unto poison vitiates the very founda-
tion of love.
The man and wife must dedicate their
knowledge, their talents, their fortunes,
their titles, their bodies and their spirits,
first to and then to each
other. Their thoughts must be lofty,
their ideals luminous, their hearts
spiritual, and their souls the dawning-
places of the rays of the Sun of Reality.
The-y must not become ill-disposed
toward each other on account of the
ephemeral incidents and accidents of
this changeful life. Their hearts must
be spacious, as spacious as the universe
of God. In case any difference of opin-
ion should arise between 'them, they
must do their utmost to settle it by
themselves, and not let its knowledge go
out of the family; for people are apt to
change a speck into a mountain. Again,
in case a circumstance causes a real of-
fense between the two, they must not
keep it in their hearts, but rather ex-
plain its nature to each other and try
to remove it as soon as possible. They
must prefer fellowship and amity to
jealousy and hypocrisy, and be like two
pure>> mirrors reflecting the light of the
stars of love and beauty to each other.
You must tell to each other all your
noble and heavenly conceptions. Have
no secrets between you. Make your
home a haven of rest and peace. Be
ye hospitable and let the doors of your
home be open to the faces of friends
and strangers. Welcoine everyone with
a smiling face and let them all feel
that they are in my home.
God has created such union and har-
mony between man and wife that no
one can conceive in this world a greater
plane of union. You must irrigate con-
tinually the tree of your union with the
water of love and affection, so that it
may remain green and verdant through-
out all the seasons, producing the most
luscious fruits for the healing of the
nations.
In short, you two must live such a
life that your home may become a. Vision
of the paradise of A.bha; so that who-
soever enters therein may feel the es-
sence of purity and cleanliness, and may
cry out unconsciously: "Here is the
home of love, here is the palace of love,
here is the nest of love, here is the
garden of love;" and you two, like
unto two sweet-singing birds, must be

