STAR OF WEST
"mm im 7" '1 7 
MODEL OF THE HAHAI TEMPLE, CHICAGO.
Louis I. Bourgcoil, Architect.
clay for his first modelling he was out
of money, so he went into the garden,
filled his wife's clothes basket with
Dorothy>> Perkins roses, which covered
the' arbor. He took them to New York
and them for five dollars, with
which he bought his clay.
He though he could make the model
in three months, but it took him three
years, and he says his wife is really the
temple builder, for had it not been for
her sympathy and cheerful sacrifice he
never could have carried to completion
the gigantic work.
The model is now on exhibition at the
Kevorkian gallery in New York City.
It was chosen for erection in Chicago by
the delegates to the Bahai Convention,
held recently in New York. Its original
plan demands a building 360 feet in
height, and 450 feet in diameter; but
these figures will be halved for the
Chicago structure, makinga dimension of
180 by 225. The building constructed
in this size will cost somewhere near a
million and a half dollars.
One naturally asks what is behind such
a conception and what it means for
humanity. The Bahai Movement, which
is planning this stupendous creation, is
the great international movement of
Unity and Brotherhood, which arose in
Persia in 1844 and extends its branches
and its influence everywhere at the pres-
ent time. It was first taught by Ali
Mohammad, who was presently given the
title of Bab or Gate, meaning a door
opened between heaven andpearth. He
foretold the coming af Baha Ollah, who
he said would appear in nineteen years,
and would be the Glory of God for all
mankind through the nobility of his life
and teachings. Baha Ollah means the
Glory of God, and his influence, penetrat-
ing all mankind in the Glory shining
through him, will at length unite all
religions, all nations, all 
ing hatred, rancour, partisanship in the
great love which rises through realiza-
tion of the Fatherhood of God and the
true brotherhood of mankind.
Baha Ollah died in 1892 in the prison
town of Acca, Syria, to which he had
been sent by those persecutors who, as in
the case of all the Prophets, could not
distinguish light from darkness. He left
503
I
Fae-simile of page from The Record, June, 1920.

