STAR OF THE WEST 253
talk to each other. They thought it
praiseworthy to murder each other, and
not only did they think this action
praiseworthy but they thought if they
murdered one of their friends they
would be nearer to God!
There were many followers of this
belief in Persia, that is, those who
thought that if they should kill each
other they would be nearer to God.
This was not according to the Holy
Book at all. The Holy Book invited
the people to love and harmony, while
all of this emanated from superstition
and ignorance. But since the 1nanifes-
tation of people of dif-
ferent religions and different nations
have entered under its banner, and they
now manifest the utmost love and unity
towards each other.
For instance, the Jews were very
superstitious and very fanatical. In
the time of Christ they did not believe
i11 Christ and they did not accept Christ,
but now hundreds and hundreds of them
have entered under this standard; and
also the other older nations that did not
believe in any of the new religions.
\Yhen you enter one of the Bahai meet-
ings, you see men from different races
and from different nations. You can-
not distinguish the Jew from those of
other religions. You see a large num-
ber of people with great harmony and
love towards each other, whereas each
was formerly under a separate religion.
This unity of religion has been estab-
lished and brought about only by the
Words of 
This is the greatest power that reveals
itself in the human world. This is the
aim of all the Divine Manifestations;
this is that which is prophesied in the
Holy Book, that the "last" day will
come and there will be perfect unity
among the people; that the day will
conie when the "wolf" and the "lamb"
will graze in the same pasture, and the
day will come when all differences will
be removed. Now, we see that by this
Revelation and this Manifestation all
the differences are removed. Can such
a tangible case be denied? Since the
declaration of the Manifestation thou-
sands and thousands of the Bahais have
been killed. This tree has been watered
by the of hundreds and hun-
dreds of people. From the beginning
of this Manifestation up to this present
time, about fifty or sixty thousand have
been murdered. They were murdered
by the ignorant--killed and tortured
in all sorts of ways. The history of
this Cause is very long indeed. \Vhat-
ever happened or took place in former
religions, and former Manifestations,
appeared in this Manifestation also.
The holy aim of the Bahais cannot
be denied by anybody. In this time,
which is a luminous time, we see
that it needs such a great Manifesta-
tion, and it needs the unity of the
people. Of course, it necessitates that
all the secrets of the religious Books
should appear; and this is essential that
all the shining hearts from God should
again be near to God.
Now, We can feel perfectly sure that
if it Were not for the Bahai Cause the
whole world .would be running away
from religion; that is to say, people
would see only superstitions of religion
then and turn away. This period neces-
sitates a great Manifestation, more than
any other period. His Holiness BAHA-
appeared to mankind and said:
"Ye are all the branches of one tree
and the fruits of one tree; ye are all
of one race; ye are all created by the
same God." Put aside all your blind
imitations and adhere to the principles
of religion and then you will all be
united. My hope is that we endeavor
every day to spread this Cause as much
as we can, because the progress of the
world and the attraction of the atten-
tion of people to religion is not realized
by any other way except this way.

