STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE WEs'r!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . _Simi1arly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE Wasr, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but 1ts contents must be the promul gator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the West they may become Informed of the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Arms.
Editorial tafi ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE ZIA M. Baenanr
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD Somme i
Vol. 11 Jamal 1, 76 (Aprivlfi2*8, 1920) if No. 3
Diary Letters of Shoghi Rabbani
Written to Mirza Ahmacl Sohrab in America
(Continued from Vol. 10, page 220)
Haifa, Palestine.
February 12, 1919.
Dear Ahmad:
This morning, some of the recently
arrived supplications were answered in
the form of short yet effective Tablets.
The second supplioation from India is
signed by a certain influential person,
a khajeh, who has been recently at-
tracted to the Movement and is craving
to attain the court of Abdul-Bal1a's
presence. As emanating from a soul that
has been entangled in superstition
and prejudice and immersed in a sea
of imagination, his Words embodied in
his supplication are indeed significant:
"Thy generosity is the elixir and thy
bounty the solace for the weak heart
of this humble servant, and the near
prospect of attaining to the holy pres-
ence sustains his breath. most be-
loved Lord, look not at the failings,
short comings and weakness of this hum-
ble beseecher and entreater, but towards
the boundless ocean of thy love, mercy,
bounty and grace. Grant the fervent
prayer of this humble one to approach
thy holy self, keep him not far away
and separate from thee and confer up-
on him the high privilege of viewing
thy beautiful, illumined face." The
prayer of this soul has been answered
for soon he shall present himself at the
Holy Land, shall view the beautiful face
of his beloved Lord and shall quafi from
the inexhaustible fountain of his love.
The Tablet revealed to this friend this
morning is a model of the sweetest and
most gentle expressions that a beloved
can reveal to his loving ones.
News reaches us to the efl"ect that the
friends of God in the difierent parts of
Persia, devastated by famine, pestilence
and internecine War, have been mirac-
ulously protected and saved. With this
gratitude is coupled the sense of extreme
rejoicing and heartfelt gratitude for the
news of peace, for the restoration of
communications and for the possibility
of a long awaited pilgrimage to the
land of desire. Letters have been re>>
ceived so far from Teheran, Shiraz, and

