STAR OF THE WEST 39
The eleventh century began with the
greatest a11d longest war the World had
ever witnessed. It started. with the or-
ganization of 800,000 soldiers in Eu-
rope, who proceeded to the Holy Land
to take it from the Mohammedans. That
was the war of the Crusaders.
The eleventh century, the twelfth, the
thirteenth and the fourteenth saw noth-
ing but wars and struggle between the
European Christians and the Moham-
medans, resulting in nothing but failure
and manifest loss.
In the fifteenth century the Pope pro-
claimed himself as an absolute power.
In the sixteenth century Luther arose
against the Pope and the result was the
establishment of the Protestant sect.
If we follow carefully this brief out-
line of the history of the Jews and the
Christian church, we come to the coll-
clusion that had the Divine \/Vill ap-
pointed a Center, through Moses or
through Jesus Christ, these divisions
would not have occurred.
It is not necessary to mention the
divisions in the Mohammedan religion
because they were similar to the other
religions.
Therefore, the most great character-
istic of the religion of is,
The Center of the that which
the previous divine Manifestations did
not bring. This will fortify the Cause
from now until at least one thousand
years, and perhaps until thousands of
years have passed away. Through the
power of the Covenant no one can create
a sect or division in the Bahai Cause.
In 1891, referred to his
departure thus: "In my appearance
there was a wisdom, and in my disap-
pearance there is another wisdom." All
who heard him felt that the day of his
departure was near. It came in 1892.
The believers who were gathered in Acca
and who numbered not more than 600
people, in one week became divided into
twenty-three sects. In other words, in
one week they had twenty-three opin-
ions as to what would be done in the
future, now that had de-
parted. Each one had an opinion and
each thought his opinion was the best.
On the ninth day a little satchel that
had belonged to and which
had been sealed with His blessed seal,
was brought by His Holiness Abdul-
Baha and placed before the twenty-
three divisions or sects if you wish to
so call them. It was opened and, be-
hold, it contained the Book of the Coo-
enomt, in which it was written; "All
must obey and turn to the one whom
God has chosen." In the Tablets and
in the Book of Aiadas, 
says: "The purpose is the Greatest
Branch. He is the explainer of the
Books. He is my interpreter. He is the
Branch of Holiness. He is the greatest
favor and blessing for mankind and the
protection of all. He is the Mystery of
God. He is the one around whom all
the names and attributes of God re-
volve." Even He asks
all the divine blessings for all those who
turn to him, and woe for all those who
turn away from him.
That Book was read. All the faces
brightened. All bowed down in the
spirit of acceptance.
But certain prophecy had to be ful-
filled, namely, "From the East and the
West they will come and enter into the
Kingdom of God, but the children of
the Kingdom will be cast out." A few,
however, with veiled spiritual vision,
such as Mirza Mohammed Ali, rejected
it and turned away, as the owls and the
night birds who flee from the light of the
sun. The fire of jealousy and envy
took such hold on them that they pre-
ferred to be known as nal?ezeea--n1ea11-
ing violators of the Covenant. Those
who turned away simply destroyed
their own. lives, here, there and every-
where, as did Judas Iscariot. Those
who took hold of "The Branch" grew
and produced fruit, becoming as shin-
ing stars in the horizons.
The beloved Abdul-Baha, in order to

