Z54 OF THE WEST
The Investigation of Truth
Address by JENABI FAZEL MAZANDARANI, delivered at the Fourth Session of the
Bahai Congress, New York City, April 28th, 1920.
Manucher Khan, Interpreter.
WE ARE unusually late this night.
But it is necessary to end in prayer.
We ask God for His assistance and con-
firmation, that may guide us in His
path, and that He may lead the whole
of humanity in that path. I see that
this meeting is spiritual and I could
not keep still. I feel very much as if
the spirit is waving all over this place.
There are plenty of meetings of dif-
ferent so-rts and everywhere, for differ-
ent purposes, reunions and dances are
held in different places, but there are
few meetings which are organized for
the sake of God. The Bahai reunions
and assemblies are for this aim, that
is to say, for the sake of God. This
meeting has no other intention except
the investigation of truth and to dis-
cuss and speak about truth. All the
people have been waiting so long
that I am sure that they have no othei
aim except the investigation of truth.
The investigation of truth is the first
aim and 'the first principle that 
has commanded the people to
do--it should be the aim of all the peo-
ple of the world. has
told the people that every man should
investigate truth, because man 's opin-
ion is divided into two kinds. One
belief and one opinion exists in man
because of inheritance and blind imita-
tion. Most of his opinions and beliefs
in the world are of this sort. It is not
necessary to mention it further and to
take more time in explaining it be-
cause you know it already. You know
all the existent religions of the world
are nothing but blind imitation or in-
heritanee. There is no doubt about it,
and you know it. When a father is a
Christian, the son also becomes a Chris-
tian; if the parents are Jews, the son
will become a Jew; if the father is a
Zoroastrian, the son will become a Zoro-
astrian, and if he is a Hindu or a Bud-
dhist or a Mohammedan, the son will
accept the religion of his father. 'Ne
must not expect that the son of a Jew
will be anything but a Jew. They are
trained in that religion and, of course,
when they are grown up they have not
been trained in any other religion than
that. They perpetuate their own beliefs
and opinions in the hearts of their chil-
dren, and they sow the seeds of animos-
ity in the hearts of their children against
other religions. All the existing beliefs
a.re no better than the ones mentioned.
These are blind imitations, and I am
sure they are not the cause of man's
salvation. Belief in blind opinion is
the cause of all the dissension in the
world. All these differences of religion
have sprung from blind opinion. This
sort of religion which exists in the
world is not praised by God, because
they have believed in these opinions
without any proof or demonstration.
All these beliefs are the sources of dis-
sension and the root of all differences.
There is one sort of belief that has
very few followers and that is the belief
in the investigation of truth. The unity
of the Bahais which has been brought
about in the world is from this source;
that is to say, they have investigated
the truth and have found the truth.
There is no doubt that people would not
give up their religion unless it were
founded on valid proof; beliefs and
opinions are something very dear and
very precious to humankind, and they
have some reason for changing their
opinion or else they would not do it.
This proof is brought about by knowl-
edge and investigation of the truth;

