STAR OF WEST 173
thousands attending meetings "that you
are having a perfect whirlwind cam-
paign here," the discussion of the Reve-
lation even penetrating to the various
society gatherings in that city Where re-
ligion is seldom spoken of, but "this
winter the Revelation of 
was on every tongue." Mother Beecher
said that she Wanted to interest the
whole Convention in that wonderful
country (Canada) that Abdul-Baha
has blessed and concerning which he
has made so many promises. She closed
With an earnest appeal for greater
realization on the part of the teaching
committee of their responsibility to the
teachers and the Cause and that the
committee should Work with the teach-
ers more and keep them informed of
the events in the various teaching areas.
Roy Williams of Atlanta, Georgia,
reported for the Work done in the South
in a spirited and appealing talk.
The committee on permanent organ-
ization reported recommending Mount-
fort Mills of New York as permanent
chairman of the Convention. Mr. Mills
on assuming the chair addressed the
Convention as follows:
"Dear friends, Dr. D'Evelyn has ex-
pressed so well the feeling of anyone
who is privileged to act as chairman,
that I Will not take your time by adding
to his words in that respect. I would
like to say just a few Words about the
Way in which, it seems to me, We should
approach the Work this year, of all
years, in these sessions. I think it
has been borne in on all of us during
the past, that there is absolutely no hope
in the World today except through the
channel of the Center of the Covenant
carrying the banner of to
the height where it will Wave over the
entire civilized world.
"This knowledge as it carries more
and more conviction in our hearts,
makes our coming together of peculiar
significance this year--of course, the re-
sponsibility would be infinitely too great
if we did not know We had the Center
of the Covenant not only behind us, but
right with us here, in each heart that is
opened to that great influence. We not
only have that to rely upon, we have
also his outward spoken and written
Word to guide us in our deliberations
here at this Convention, and We know
from these Written and spoken Words
how greatly he is relying upon us this
year to really liberate in the world the
true freedom of democracy, of demo-
cratic government. He has expressed
to many of the friends who have re-
cently been over there and returned, he
has also expressed in the Tablets, with
which all of us are familiar, the out-
lines of the establishment really of the
foundations of civilizations, insofar as
that can be formed by governmental
procedure. He has indicated to us this
new great conception of the unity of
groups, the consciousness that is created
in a body of friends coming together
consecrated solely for the purpose of
finding out the will of God as applied
to any particular situation which they
may confront, and he has told us not
that we should have one idea, by no
means that, but that each idea should
be contributed simply in the spirit of
creating this group consciousness. It
is a new thing to the World, so far as we
have been allowed to understand it, and
I thing this evolution of the group idea,
is infinitely greater than the idea,
and beyond the idea, of any individual.
"In the past the procedure has been
more or less to impose upon groups the
conception of some strong individual.
Today we are told by Abdul-Baha of
this new method of approaching the
problems of humanity, where the indi-
vidual will express his opinion but it
will be the creation of the group that
will express the will of God--in other
words, the majority of those present.
Not to take more time, We will proceed
at once to the regular business of the
Convention, and I presume the first

