STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall belpome onefin faith] apd all men as larotfiers that the fbonils of affepltion and 
tween sons 0 men al be strengthene at iversity 0 re igion sha cease an i er-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. ll Baha 1, 76 (March Z1, 1920) No. 
Revelation of the Springtime of God
From The Progressive Thinker, May 10, 1919.
BY ALBERT VAIL
BAHAI is but another word for spring-
time--the springtime of God upon
this earth-world. The Bahai Gospel is
the proclamation of a new age, a new
cycle of spiritual realizat.ion and univer-
sal brotherhood now breaking upon our
consciousness. The signs of the coming
of this springtime appeared over sixty
years ago in Persia, tha.t home of
ancient seers and mighty inspiration.
There the great Bahai teacher, 
LLAH, was born in the town of Nur,
which being interpreted means "the
city of Light." He was a prince of the
royal Persian family, a prince of earth,
but when the inspiration of the spiritual
world poured its glory through his pen,
his face, his pure and selfless life, he be-
came the prince of spiritual, of heav-
enly revelation.
The Persian government and the
priests, the church and the vested in-
terests could not tolerate his universal
and progressive teachings, and, although
"the common people heard him gladly,"
perhaps because the common people
came to him by the thousands to be
taught the wonderful new truths which
would free them from oppression and
ignorance, the rulers of Persia drove
him with his family and a little band of
followers from prison to prison, a.nd at
last, discovering what they believed to
be the most pestilential and wretched
spot on the earth, they carried 
LLAH to the town of Acca, Palestine,
and there chained him to the stone floor
of a tower cell. They could not believe
that there Was any power in heaven or
earth strong enough to survive such con-
ditions as they there imposed upon him.
But triumphant and
glorious, in a little cell, Wrote volumes
of Tablets with tempestuous eloquence
sustained by a mighty flood of divine in-
spiration from the unseen oceans of
light. From this prison. fifty years ago,
he wrote letters, called Tablets, summon-
ing the kings of the World to a League
of Nations, the law of mutual disarma-
ment and to universal peace.
He Wrote in 1868 to Louis Napoleon
predicting his overthrow, and telling
him that because of his injustice an
enemy would come upon him from over
the Rhine, would defeat him in battle,
and Louis Napoleon would lose his
throne. This prophecy was fulfilled to
the letter in the Franco-Prussian war.
In that tortuous prison cell of Acca
the doors of the divine and unseen
spheres were Wide open before the pure
spiritual vision of Won-
drous beings from the highest heavens
visited him in garments of light. He
describes it thus: "The gales of the
All-Knowing, the All-Glorious, passed
by me and taught me the knowledge of
what hath been and is and is to be. I
have not studied these sciences which
men possess, nor have I entered the col-

