86 STAR OF THE WEST
me as combining in one complete and
developed style of architecture, the char-
acters of both the orient and the occi-
dent. Later on in the work I made
studies in various other styles from the
classic to the ultra modern which work
included some of the styles of the orient.
Toward the close of this study I re-
ceived an excerpt from a Tablet of
Abdul-Baha's addressed to Mrs. Kate
Ives in which he mentioned the Mashre-
kol-Azkar as follows:
"That Divine Form manifested itself
in America and entered the great Tem-
perfect development in the Mashrekol-
Azkar of future generations. I have
been pleased to note latterly that the
majority of the people who have seen
my preliminary drawings have expressed
a preference for the Persian and the
Persian-Indian styles.
The Persian style of architecture was
developed under the influence brought
into Persia by the early Moslem civili-
zation. Some of its grandest applica-
tions are found in the mosques of Espha-
han, Khoum, Kashan, and Khazvin,
while the same style is found in these
Charles Mason Remey and the model he submitted in the Persian-Indian style of
Architecture.
ple which shall soon be constructed
therein. This glorious Temple resem-
bles the oriental edifices and soon you
will see it erected there with a most
solid foundation and strongest basis."
Furthermore, I learned it was reported
that Abdul-Baha showed a picture of the
Taj-Mahal to Mr. suggesting
that the Mashrekol-Azkar have a similar
entrance.
These words of Abdul-Baha quite rev-
olutionized my thought regarding the
style for this first great Bahai Tem-
ple to be erected here in the West. With
time and more study the architecture
of the orient has made it's appeal more
and more to me as being the best suited
of all styles as a foundation for, and a
first step toward, the universal style of
world architecture eventually to find its
and other cities, successfully applied to
such buildings as bazaars, caravansaries,
palaces, colleges, gateways, bridges, and
other civic structures.
The lower wall surfaces of the more
elegant of these buildings are often re-
vetted with slabs of marble, while the
main walls and upper parts are usually
in stone, brick, terra cotta, and 
colored tiles. Though some of these
buildings have stood for centuries, the
coloring in many instances remains quite
fresh and even brilliant.
The richness in .oolor decoration of
the domes and minarets of the Persian
mosques, rising from a foreground of
gardens and silhouetted against a cloud-
less sky, is memorable and very beauti-
ful. This style of decoration, so in
harmony with its oriental environment,

