156 STAR OF WEST
It seems that new life has entered
into the Bahais of the World for many
institutions have already been started.
For instance, the house Where 
LLAH reside during his sojourn in Bagh-
dad is to be rebuilt, as it is a place that
will be visited by people from all parts
of the World and should be preserved.
The Bahais have started to rebuild it.
Vllhen you undertake to do anything,
no matter how difficult its accomplish-
ment may seem, it will Work out right.
Another thing that has greatly
pleased us is the committee of teachers.
Nothing is as impo-rtant as teaching.
Everything else comes after this. The
more the teachings are spread and the
Bahais are increased in number, the
greater will be the po-ssibility of their
accomplishment. The more We do, the
sooner will We attain the goal. That is
Why Abdul-Baha has said repeatedly
that this time is the springtime of teacl1-
ing. He has repeatedly emphasized that
We must do our best to teach and he has
said that the Bahais should hold meet-
ings to consult about this matter.
Will tell you about the Eastern
method of teaching, as it may throw
some light o11 the matter: In accordance
with the commands of Abdul-Baha, they
have established a Spiritual Meeting
(House of Spirituality) in every town
of Persia. They elect, that is to say,
all the Bahais elect, at least nine men
out of their number. Sometimes it is
nine, sometimes twice as many and some-
times even three, four, five or even six
times as many. This Spiritual Meeting is
like a fountain-head from which flows in-
structions for all the committees and sub-
committees--that is to- say, it has the
authority. This Spiritual Meeting has
many sub-committees and many sub-
meetings are held. Every branch of the
Work is referred to one of these commit-
tees. For instance, one of these com-
mittees is specified as the committee of
teaching; that is, teachers are elected,
a separate committee is appointed, of
which all the members are teachers. A
report of their work is made every Week
to the Spiritual Meeting. Meetings for
teaching are held in every part of the
city or town and the people are informed
thereof. The time is appointed and the
Bahais attend such meetings, taking
their friends with them who are not
Bahais, the one who addresses such a
meeting being the teacher who has been
appointed by the committee. The teach-
er informs the committee of his Work
and the committee makes a report of the
Work of all the teachers to the Spiritual
Meeting. To bring people to a teaching
meeting once may not be sufficient, for
the Words may not have taken effect, so
they should be brought a second and
even a third time. Another meeting is
held which is called the encouraging
meeting", that is, those Who have been
partly convinced are encouraged after
they have passed the meeting of the
teachers. Then they are taken to an-
other meeting, Where fuller information
is given them and everything possible is
done for them.
Much work is accomplished by the
Spiritual Meeting and great responsibil-
ity rests upon it. In addition to the
Work of teaching, their duty is to keep
the Bahais together, to unite them and
to remove all cause of difierence and
dissension. They do everything they
can to interest and do not allow any-
thing to enter that Will cause dissen-
sio11 and difference. Thus spirituality
always prevails. This is of the utmost
importance. Abdul-Baha has repeated-
ly emphasized the importance of unity.
It is Abdul-Baha's Wish that We should
all enter the Kingdom of God, but it is
hard to be firm and steadfast therein.
We must all strive to keep unity and
harmony.
Before a Bahai teacher arrives in a
city of Persia, the friends are notified
of his coming and are given full infor-
mation about him. Plans for his coming
are made and are sent to the committee

