STAR OF THE IVEST 221
the feasts in the Orient than any which
I have attended in the Occident. I pre-
sume this was largely due to the garden
setting. In an open pavilion at one end
of the garden a stage was arranged,
and here several young girls gave a
short play, built around the Bahai
thought of the flowers of the Kingdom,
which terminated with the Greatest
Name. Another feature of this pre-
sentation was the distribution of flow-
ers among the friends by several small
girls dressed in white.
Our program, a copy of which I en-
close to you in this letter, would prob-
ably have been long for an American
gathering, but here in Germany, like in
the Orient, the people are less restive
than we in our country, so the three
hours and a half that we were being re-
freshed and entertained both spiritually
and materially, passed quickly and
without fatigue.
In one end of the garden tea was
served, while at another end tables
were spread with fruit, and everywhere
there were flowers, for even though
there is a scarcity of food here, one
finds at every turn a profusion of flow-
ers. The program was so arranged
with music and pauses, that the pleople
could move about between the numbers
without interruption to the meeting.
As the evening progressed the model
of the Mashrekol-Azkar, and the minia-
ture garden about it, were lighted by a
number of small colored lights, while
above it hung a large copy of the Great-
est Name all in light. Many paper lan-
terns and lighted wicks in colored
shades in the trees and shrubbery gave
a mellow light, which, with the music,
and the spiritual thoughts on the lips
and in the hearts' of the friends, made a
picture which I can never forget.
The Bahais assembled not only from
the immediate neighborhood, but.some
came from places at a considerable dis-
Leipzig, Karlsruhe, and
L-udwigshaven (the latter in the occu-
pied country beyond the 
sides a number of towns here in Wurt-
temberg, were represented.
It was a very happy occasion, as you
will see by the smiling faces in this pho-
tograph which I send you.
Faithfully yours in El-Abha,
Chas. Mason Remey.

LETTER FROM CHARLES MASON
REMEY TO THE TEACHING
COMMITTEE.
To the Bahais in America.
Dear Friends in El-Abha:
I have been for some days now in
Germany and I am receiving so much
Bahai love and kindness at the hands
of our friends here, that I hasten to
Write you this letter in order to share
with you the spiritual bounty of this
experience.
It has been the fortune of many of
the Bahais to travel in foreign parts
there to find the love of Abdul-Baha
burning very fervently in the hearts of
the people of The Govenant--friends
who poured out this spirit of faith in
acts of love and kindness, upon the fa-
vored traveler. This experience is a
spiritual bounty of the Cause of God.
Such love and kindness is not the result
of human_interest nor changing affec-
tions; these are the fruits of the divine
love which the Manifestation of God has
planted in the heart of humanity, and
which is burning in the souls of His
people.
Some years ago when I traveled
among the Bahais in Persia, I had
brought to my mind, and penetrating
my heart at every turn, the fact that I
was the unworthy recipient of a great
wealth of kindness and devotion, which
tho_se people held in their hearts for the
Bahais of the Occident, and that this
love between those distant people of the

