110 STAR OF
be the largest newspaper in Para. Fif-
teen men sat writing. No one spoke
English. She was ushered into a. news-
paper "parlor" and one of the older
editors talked with her in French. She
tried to explain the Bahai Cause and
Esperanto. He asked her to write one
thousand words for their Journal. She
had to write it in English, but just as
she finished, a man came in and all the
others jumped up in excitement for this
man could speak English. He is the best
lawyer in Para and proved to be the
lawyer for the Steamship Company. He
said: "If you speak English very
slowly, I reply in my bad English. I
am a friend of this paper." He trans-
lated her article on the Bahai Cause into
Portuguese for that paper and brought
her down to the ship in his motor car.
Nine booklets were given to the news-
paper men and the friendship begun
with the lawyer may be the means of
splendid, spiritual opportunities. So
far as is known no one in Para had ever
heard of the Bahai Revelation.
Pernambuco, the third largest city in
South America, in commercial import-
ance, was reached on August 11, 1919.
Bahia, which had been closed on ac-
count of yellow fever, lay several hun-
dred miles below, en route to Rio dc
Janeiro.
Then began the inner drama leading
to what was best for Miss Root to do.
Abdul-Baha, in his recent Tablets had
particularly mentioned the importance
of Bahia, and that Bahais should travel
there. On the other.hand, yellow fever
had been ranging in Bahia a11d the re-
cent rains had only begun to abate in
violence. To go to Bahia might mean
a long delay and a quarantine of two
weeks outside of port Rio de Janeiro
when the journey was continued. It
meant the loss of the ticket on the ship
from Pernambuco to Rio, and every one
strongly urged her not to take the risk.
From a business standpoint the new
Consul General just appointed by 'the
THE TVEST
United States Government was to travel
on the boat and the days on ship board
might mean several articles for the New
York syndicate. Added to all this, four
cases of yellow fever had developed that
day in Pernambuco, and a revolution
started in which several were killed,
street cars burned, bridges bombed, so
the safest outlook seemed to be to keep
aboard and journey safely to Rio. Four
American business men who had in-
tended to remain i11 Pernambuco, gave
up their plans and returned aboard the
ship. Throwing herself down on the
bunk in the stateroom after this perplex-
ing day, she looked through the port-
hole into the darkness where all alone
Jupiter shone steadily un-
moved in his course. She rose up, or-
dered her bags ashore where she had
made reservations with two steamship
companies, in hope of getting a pas-
sage to Bahia on some Brazilian ship.
She took the chance, insane as it looked
to the other passengers.
There is almost no English spoken in
Pernambuco. Portuguese is heard
everywhere. Hearing there was an
American business woman at the Hotel
do Parque Miss Root went there to try to
see her and engage a room in the same
hotel until a ship would come. The two
Bahia people she had met on shipboard
were being entertained on a houseboat.
The American Woman was in. Almost
immediately Miss Root said, am a
Bahai," and the American woman re-
plied "Did you ever know my cousin,
Lua Getsinger"' Through the bounty
of the Holy Spirit these two American
women, over seven thousand miles away
from home, each found a friend in the
other! This American business woman,
Mrs. Lillyan Vegas, loved Lua Get-
singer devotedly. They were favorite
cousins, the same age, they had played
*'Lua Getsinger was one of the first in
America to accept and serve the Bahai
Cause. See Volume 7, STAR or THE
WEST, pages 29' and 193.-Editors.

