STAR OF THE WEST 189
Mr. O'Connor, Mr. Latimer and Mrs.
Hoagg as a committee to distribute, col-
lect and count the ballots, and the Con-
vention entered upon the work of "bal-
loting. The ballots having been collected,
pending a report, Mr. Wilhelm read a
letter from P. Y. Kawai which was of
much interest. Upon motion duly made
and seconded, it was voted that in the
event a second ballot was necessary, fol-
lowing the report of the ballot commit-
tee, the Convention defer such ballot
until the next morning session.
Mrs. Luther of Okanaga, Washington,
delegate from that assembly, gave a stir-
ring and beautiful spiritual talk con-
cerning the Bahai work in the north-
west. All felt the blessing of listening
to this sincere and radiant soul in her
account of her spiritual experiences.
The ballot committee now announced
its report as follows: The total number
of ballots east were forty-nine; Mr.
Randall received forty-six; Mr. Wilhelm
received forty; Mr. Lunt received forty;
Mrs. True, thirty-seven; Mrs. Maxwell,
thirty-one; Mr. Mills, twenty-five; all
others having received a number of bal-
lots less than a majority of the votes
cast. The election of the persons named,
six in all, was declared by the chair to
be complete, leaving three to be selected.
The minority ballots Were cast substan-
tially as follows: Dr. Frederick E.
D'Evelyn had twenty-three; C. Mason
Remey had twenty-two; Albert R. Vail,
eighteen; Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, fifteen;
Louis G. Gregory, twelve; Dr. Zia M.
Bagdadi, Hooper Harris and Albert R.
VVindust each had eight; Henry Mc-
Conaughy and Mrs. Wandeyne Deuth
had seven; Mrs. Annie Parmerton, Dr.
Pauline Barton-Peeke and George Lat-
imer had six; Urbain LeDoux, five; Mrs.
Ella G. Cooper, Mrs. Mary Hanford
Ford, Howard MacNutt, Juliet Thomp-
son and Roy Williams, had four each.
The Convention adjourned to meet on
Wednesday morning, April 28, 1920, at
9 :80 A. M.
WEDNESDAY MORNING SESSION
APRIL 28, 1920
The Convention was called to order at
9:30 A. M. Prayer was read by Mr.
Bowman of Washington. It was sug-
gested by one of the delegates that the
Convention send a telegram of love and
sympathy to Miss Martha Root who was
with her sick father and unable to be
present.
After discussion as to how the Con-
vention could best get before it the
names of those most available and capa-
ble to fill the remaining three places on
the Executive Board, it was moved and
seconded that the names of the three
friends receiving the highest minority
votes in the first ballot, be posted on a
blackboard. It was moved to amend
further, that the six highest minority
names appearing on the first ballot be
posted instead of three. This amend-
ment having been accepted, the chair
called for a ballot to elect three of the
six persons whose names were before the
Convention, stating, further, that the
delegates were, of course, not bound to
vote for any of the six, but that free-
dom of action was an essential.
At this point, it was moved and sec-
onded, that in future Conventions the
secretary of the Convention prepare
typewritten copies of the names of all
delegates to a Convention as soon as the
credential committee's report had been
accepted, for distribution among the
delegates so that all might know the
names of delegates and refer to the list
for such action as might be necessary.
Mr. Remey desired to withdraw his
name from the six posted, owing to his
expectation to leave shortly for Europe
and the Holy Land. Dr. Bagdadi's
name Was also suggested to be with-
drawn, as his stay in the Holy Land
was indefinite. Mr. Gregory desired his
name withdrawn owing to his general
plans for teaching. It was then moved
and seconded that the names of the dele-
gates and alternates be read in the Con-

