STAR OF THE WEST 331
i a 
(Continued from page 327)
some affairs of the deceased. Both Mr.
Patzer and M.rs. Hannen are members
of the Committee of Consultation of
Vtlashington, D. C., and they united
with the House of Spirituality of Chi-
cago to carry out the last wishes of the
deceased. Mr. O'Connell was the re-
cipient of Tablets from Abdul-Baha
and turned his face ever to that Center
of Guidance.
DR. enoncn DAVIDSON
BUCHANAN, B.A., 
On November 13th, 1920, the soul of
Dr. George Davidson Buchanan de-
parted from this terrestrial life to take
up the higher duties of the heavenly
worlds, after years of service and devo-
tion to the Cause of the oneness of God
and humanity. The latter years of his
life were marked by much physical suf-
fering and for several years he was bed-
ridden, yet his dauntless and cheerful
spirit overcame these mortal afflictions
that flesh is heir to, and was a constant
inspiration, to the friends of God, of the
joy and happiness that radiates from a
Bahai life.
It is strange how fate overtakes man.
The doctor had the minds of three con-
tinents following his teachings and
example, and his sermons caused thou-
sands of people to follow the higher and
nobler spiritual life that is destined for
man. Yet in his last hours, he was
taken from his home, without the knowl-
edge of his friends and the Bahais, and
passed on under very trying circum-
stances, without the word or presence
of a single friend at his bedside. Yet
his great soul knew no bondage of human
making, for it had contacted with that
everlasting Life-giving Center of the
Covenant, and the humility of this
world will become his eternal glory.
The doctor was born of Scottish par-
ents in Baltimore 68 years ago, was edu-
cated for the law and admitted to prac-
tice, yet after a short but successful pur-
suit of this profession, he felt the call
to a nobler cause and commenced the
study of theology under Professor
Hodge, the eminent Presbyterian divine
of America, and was ordained in the
ministry of that church after graduating
from the Divinity School of Princeton
University--the same year that Presi-
dent Woodrow Vllilson was graduated.
For two years he preached in the city
of his nativity and although a young
man, his fame spread as the silver-
tongued orator of Baltimore.
Then commenced his life of travel. He
went to Australia where his abilities as
a preacher attracted much attention a11d
he was inducted to the ministry of the
Cairns Memorial Church of Melbourne,
which pastorate he held for many years
with great distinction to his calling. It
was in his church that Madame Melba
began her remarkable career as soloist.
Later he accepted a call to the Wickham
Terrace Presbyterian Church, Brisbane,
Queensland, where for over eight years
he spoke to packed congregations, dis-
carding the conventionalism that ham-
pers religious truth and presenting it in
such a way that business men, strangers,
commercial travelers, and those who
were wont to sneer and cavil at churches
and parsons, were regular attendants.
The Queensland Government endeavored
to secure his services to visit Great
Britain, to lecture there in its behalf to
induce immigration, but he declined a
munificent salary, as he felt his work
lay in a different direction.
So broad and universal was his plat-
form that when he made his historic
address to the Presbyterian Synod on
the "Higher Criticism," such heated
discussion and controversy followed that
at last he was tried and condemned for
heresy by his own flock. However, his

