STAR OF THE WEST 14-9
Tenn., is a center of reality where hun-
dreds of students come in contact with
the Light. Mrs. Caroline VV. Harris
teaches the summer colony at Harper's
Ferry, W. Va. Mrs. H. G. Marshall
has done a fine service in cities of .Ar-
kansas.
"Among those in past years who have
either traveled or resided in the South
and taught, may be mentioned our de-
parted brothers, Joseph H. Hannen and
Charles F. Haney; and our sisters,
Mesdames Susie Stewart of Richmond
and Elizabeth Diggett of Chicago--all
of illumined and blessed memory. To
these may be added Mesdames Hannen,
(Hooper) Harris, Claudia Coles, Marie
Watson, Viola Duckett, Miss Georgiana
Dean; Messrs. Tate, Remey, and last
but not least, R-oy \Villiams, whose shin-
ing traces cover a wide circuit. To
these may again be added many souls
who believe in God and the Day of His
Appearance, but on account of church
connections can only teach in a limited
Way; for example Rev. Dr. Pontor of
Atlanta, who lived and no doubt died a
believer. We think, with a smile, of the
brave Bishop Flipper, who is willing to
take up the cudgels with the ministers
in his conference who oppose the Cause;
and with a broader smile, of another
portly bishop who opposes, but whose
wife is a firm believer. Harry Stillwell
Edwards, former postmaster of Macon,
Ga, has recently come out for the Cause
and has written 'an article for the press
on the subject. Dr. S. C. Mitchell,
former president of the University of
South Carolina, Wrote that 'he had given
the Message of Abdul-Baha on many,
many platforms. He heard Abdul-
Baha speak at Lake Mohonk. The presi-
dent of Fisk University, to whom Mrs.
Parsons gave the Message, readily ar-
ranges for the traveling teachers. Last
year he publicly declared that they were
all watching the Bahai Movement with
keen interest.
"Jenabi Fazel, the eminent teacher,
was surprised to learn that there are
few Assemblies south as compared witli
other regions. He felt that under sim-
ilar conditions in Persia, half the friends
would migrate to a section where fewer
Assemblies were found. Many of the
colored have expressed, upon hearing
the Message, the fervent wish that it
might also reach the whites. Wlien the
whites become illumined, they almost in-
variably show a magnanimous spirit and
teach the colored. The latter, while hav-
ing the same wish for the advancement
of the former, can only succeed in this
measurably, in view of well known con-
ditions. It is hoped in future that such
thriving cities as Louisville, Memphis,
Little Rock, Oklahoma City, Ft. "Worth,
Dallas, New Orleans, Shreveport, Birm-
ingham, Jacksonville, Charleston, Rich-
mond, etc., will attract an increasing
number of resident teachers, who will
form glowing places of contact for trav-
eling teachers. 
MARY HANFORD FORD
The following letter from Mrs. Mary
Hanford Ford is shared with the
fI'li61'1dS:
"Since the Temple model has been
on exhibition at the Kevorkian Gallery,
its history has been very interesting.
The model has a distinctive personality;
to see it is like having an interview with
a holy and magnificent personage. For
instance, one day the editor of a theatri-
cal magazine came in. He was some-
thing of a scoffer, and had evidently
heard unpleasant things about the Bahai
Movement. So he began to criticize the
Temple. 'It is a very pretty thing,
he remarked in a superior tone, 'but it is
decidedly over-decorated; it will be an
absurdity in its full size.' So the guar-
dian of the Temple very gently began
to show him the significance of the dec-
each line and curve was
an expression of a great thought or a
noble principle, so that all the spiritual
tradition and future aspiration of the
human race seemed imbedded in this
Temple. His face changed and grew
soft. His eyes began to shine; then and
there the spirit penetrated him, and

