STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to _remain firm and eternal, ere
long, thou shalt become the Star of _the East and shalt spread 1n every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and' thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
cent-er of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become world-W1de--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE Wnsr, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the West, they may become informed with the most important events.
i if (Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
STAR OF THE WEST FOUNDATION
Northeastern States: Hoorna HARRIS. States: HELEN S. Goo1>AnL.
Southern States: Dommwn of Canada: MAY 
Central States: ALBERT VAIL, CARL SCHEFFLER.
Editorial Staff: ALBERT R. Wmnusr--GER'rRUnE ZIA BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD S01-IRAB
Vol. 11 Masheyat 1, 76 (September 27, 1920) No. ll
Constitution and By-Laws of Bahai Temple Unity
CONSTITUTION.
He Is God!
We, the Bahais of North America, in unity convened at the City of Chi-
cago, to the end that We may advance the Cause of God in this Western Hem-
isphere by the founding and erection of a Mashrekol-Azkar dedicated to I-Iis
Greatest Name, and devoted in His love to the service of mankind, do hereby
adopt the following constitution:
AR-TICLE I.
We acknowledge God as the Source and Preserver of our Unity, revealed
to us through the Manifestation of His Glory in and declared by
the beloved servant of God and man, the Center of the Covenant, Abdul-Baha.
ARTICLE II.
The name of this Unity shall be Bahai Temple Unity.
ARTICLE 
The object of this Unity shall be to acquire a site for and erect and main-
tain thereon a Bahai Temple or with service accessory build-
ings, at Chicago, Ill., in accordance with the declared Wish of Abdul-Baha.
ARTICLE IV.
The powers of this Unity shall abide in the several Bahai Assemblies, now
and hereafter comprising it, and shall be exercised through one representative
chosen by each established Assembly, to serve for the term of one year. If
more than one Assembly shall exist or be established in any city or local muni-
cipality, such Assemblies shall unite in the one representative, except the

