STAR OF THE WEST 91
of Thy favored ones an enkindled torch.
In the horizon of guidance he twinkled
like a radiant star and in the Abha
Paradise he appeared a magnificent
palm. He was an illumined soul, merci-
ful, kingly, lordly.
At present that bright candle has been
extinguished in the globe of this mortal
world that thereby it may shine re-
splendently in the globe of the Kingdom.
That radiant star has set from this world
below that it may rise effulgently from
the Supreme Horizon.
Thou Forgiving Lord!
Set up this esteemed soul in Thy glo-
rious Kingdom upon the thrones of ever-
lasting sovereignty and make him a
heavenly prince. Help him to soar in
the limitless realm and draw him unto
the close companionship of heavenly
birds in the hidden World. Immerse
him in the ocean of Light, and make him
the prince over the Realm of Mysteries.
Bring him unto the eifulgent concourse
and help him to attain his object in the
realm of Thy presence and the heights
of the Supreme Concourse.
Thou art the Forgiver, the Pardoner,
and the Compassionate!
thou daughter of the Kingdom!
This calamity is overwhelming and
painful, and undoubtedly its effects are
most severe. A thousand times alas,
that like unto a star, that glorious per-
sonage disappeared from the horizon of
the immensity of space. He has arisen
from a horizon that knows no setting and
has hastened unto a realm that is in-
finite. He has been detached from this
World below and has attained unto Ever-
lasting Life. He has ascended from this
gloomy world and hastened to the Center
of Light.
Grieve not therefore and be not de-
spondent. Enkindle his lamp and strive
that the orchard of his highest wish may
abound with fruitful trees. Rest thou
assured in the bounties of the Lord of
Hosts and endeavor to be confirmed by
the favors of the glorious Lord. If he
has disappeared from this plane, grieve
not, for thou shalt find him in the divine
realm. Be not sad at this temporary
separation, thou shalt enjoy eternal com-
panionship in the realm above. Be thou
therefore patient and forbearing, firm
and assured.
Upon thee be Baha-E1-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Haifa, Palestine, March 19, 
Recent Tablets from Abdul-Baha to American Bahais
DR. CHARLES HALL
To his honor, Dr. Charles Hall, Chica-
go, Illinois--Upon him be 
El-Abha!
Is God!
thou servant of God!
Thy letter was received. Its contents
were lofty and sublime and its aim was
high and wide-reaching. The world of
humanity is in need of a great ameliora-
tion for it is a material jungle wherein
fruitless trees are flourishing and use-
less weeds are abounding. If there is
at all a fruitful tree, it is overshadowed
by the fruitless ones and if a flower
grows in its midst it is hidden and con-
cealed. The world of mankind is in need
of expert gardeners that they may con-
vert those forests into delectable rose-
gardens, may substitute for these fruit-
less trees, trees that yield fruit and may
replace these useless weeds by roses and
fragrant herbs. Thus active souls and
vigilant people are day and night rest-
less. They strive until they are closely
attached to the divine Kingdom and
thereby become the manifestations of in-
finite bounties and the ideal gardeners
of these forests. Thus the world of
humanity will be wholly transformed
and the merciful bounties become mani-
fest.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, Acca,
Palestine, July 26, 1919.)

