STAR OF WEST 199
"Now, what is the point'? It is this:
The Words and deeds of the Bab,
and Abdul-Baha are the
most vital. The Tablets of Abdul-Baha
are the most valuable words uttered in
the world today. There is nothing more
valuable today than the words of Abdul-
Baha, and these words have been comtalks, addresses
and Tablets and they are being printed
in the STAR or THE Wnsr, and thus dis-
tributed in permanent form. The STAR
or THE WE-ST, through the confirmation
of God, has also been the depository of
the development of the Cause in_the
West. Abdul-Baha says, 'It is a clear
mirror of the events and happenings in
the Cause.' But most important of all,
Abdul-Baha's words, together with pho-
tographs of him are being preserved.
And these issues of the STAR when
bound in book form are the very books
the people of the future Will search and
research.
"Another illustration: The redwood
trees of California, if We examine them
closely, reveal that many are thousands
of years old; that is, if we count the
rings inward until we find the center
ring, we can tell how many years old
they are. That center ring is the de-
posit of the first period of growth of
that tree. The STAR or Wnsr, if
you will permit this illustration, pre-
serves the first period of the growth of
the Bahai Cause on the North Amer-
ican continent. No matter how many
rings of enlargement or growth i11 the
Abdul-Baha desires it
to will still find this center
ring the tree has grown during the
time Abdul-Baha was upon the earth,
the most precious of all. Some peo-
ple say it is narrow, it is limited.
It is. The enlargement comes naturally,
gradually. Abdul-Baha said in his in-
structions in The Dimlne Plan, that the
contents should gather 'little by little
around these general Tablets.' \Ve are
limited as to space. We have but a
few pages now,--the cost of production
limits us to that--yet we are depositing
the most vital things in permanent
form, in our opinion, and we believe
that the future will show it to be so."
Mrs. Parsons mentioned the earnest
request of many of the English friends
as to whether the Bahai Publishing So-
ciety could not provide more of the
books for use in England, so that they
would be available at at cheaper price,
binding some of the books in paper cov-
ers. She felt that this would be of ut-
most assistance in spreading the Cause
in England.
Upon motion duly made and seconded,
it was voted that the secretary issue as
soon as possible the business minutes
and proceedings of the Convention in-
cluding the constitution and by-laws of
the Bahai Temple Unity for distribution
to all parts of the country. The Execu-
tive Board having completed its ses-
sion reported the election of the follow-
ing officers of the Unity:
Mr. Mountfort Mills, President.
Dr. Frederick VV. D'Evelyn, Vice-
President.
Mr. William H. Randall, Treasurer.
Mrs. Corinne True, Financial Secre-
tary.
Mr. Alfred E. Lunt, Secretary.
Upon motion duly made and sec-
onded, it was voted that the legal rati-
fication meeting of the Unity, conform-
ing to the annual meeting, required by
the laws of Illinois, be held in the city
of Chicago, Saturday, May 22d, 1920,
at 10 A. M., at 5338 Kenmore Avenue.
The matter of exclusion of delegates
representing more than one assembly
from voting participation in the Con-
vention was again brought up. It was
pointed out that although this action
was largely asked for in view of the
importance of voting on the Temple
plans at this Convention, that notwith-
standing this, through the divine con-
firmations and the faith and splendid
spirit of the delegates, the action on the
plans became ultimately unanimous ac-

