STAR OF THE WEST 275
Bahais in Germany. They are our
brothers and sisters and we know no
such a thing as nationality. We all have
one country~--the Kingdom of Abha;
and is the King.
Our silence has not been due to any
other cause than that all our thought
and energy has been used up here to es-
tablish the Cause of Abdul-Baha here.
\Vith all our love and kind remem-
brances, your brother in the Cause of
El-Abha, E. T. Hall.
Recent Tablet from Abdul-Baha to Mr. Hall
Through Aga Mirza Lotfullah--Up0n
him be El-Abha his
honor Mr. Hall, Manchester, England.
him be El-
Abha!
He Is God!
thou who art attracted to the \/Vord
of God and herald of the Kingdom of
God!
Two letters have been received from
you. Their contents produced excessive
joy, for they were indicative of this, that
thouhast arisen in Manchester with a
firm purpose, a superior power and a
peaceful intention, and desiring to form
a luminous meeting so that the friends
may gather together. The manna which
came from heaven for the disciples,
was neither cress, onion, lentil, garlic
nor leek. It Was bounty and knowledge;
it was faith and assurance; it was love
and attraction; it was attachment and
enkindlement by the fire of the love 0-f
God. These spiritual foods were pres-
ent upon that table. As the disciples
ate from these bounties of His Holiness
Christ, they became filled with the love
of Christ; they hastened to all parts of
the world and heralded the Kingdom of
God. My hope, from the unlimited
grace, is that that gathering may also
eat from this manna and bounties.
Convey this message on my behalf
to Mr. and Mrs. Chessel: ye two
birds of the gardens of the Kingdom,
make a nest and dwelling like unto
birds upon the Tree of Life, which is
the heavenly teachings, and raise in a
variety of tunes, melodious songs in the
gardens of the Kingdom."
Convey longing greetings to Mr. Jo-
seph. Say: "As the Joseph of Egypt
possessed real beauty and knowledge,
he Was in great demand in the Egyptian
market. Although he was a stranger
and abject, yet, as he had this splendor,
he became then the beloved of the cli-
vine Egypt: attained eternal glory, and
was addressed by his brothers, 'Verily,
God hath given thee precedence over us.'
Now thou bearest the same name. Strive
in the path of the Kingdom so that thou
mayest be addressed by all the friends
with such a suitable address."
Convey on 1ny behalf the utmost re-
spect. to Mr. and Mrs. Craven, and say:
ye two faithful souls! If ye an-
nounce the advent of the Kingdom and
become the exhibition of divine happi-
ness and heavenly exaltation, no doubt
you will become two luminous candles
and loved souls in that gathering."
Convey to Mr. and Mrs. Birch my
profound Abha greeting and say: "This
is the century of Lights, and the age
of the unfurling of the mysteries. All
the existing beings are in growth and
progress, and the realities of things
sing the songs of praise and glorification
to the Lord of Hosts, because the Sun
of Reality hath shone in this century
at the zenith, and energized all exist-
ence. This is why you observe every day
some new discovery and superb lights
appear on the stage of visibility."
Upon thee and upon them be Baha-
el-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL.-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Lotfullah S. Hakim,
Haifa, Palestine, February 12, 1920).

