STAR OF THE WEST 237
pointment of the Center of the Cause,
after the departure of the Manifesta-
tion, is considered the most important
point in religious matters, as it is the
greatest channel which connects the
servants of God with Holy and Divine
Truth. For it is only through his ex-
planation and decision that all discord is
removed. Consequently the Baheiis ap-
preciate the determining of the "Ap-
pointed Center" as the greatest of the
Divine Providences, and account his
blessed being as an impregnable fort-
ress which protects the Divine Religion
from the doubts of the sceptic and fan-
ciful imaginations of men. They were
all sure and convinced that the purpose
of God, the Exalted, in these two blessed
verses, has been no other than His Ho-
liness, for, apart from the
Divine signs that were manifest in him,
clearly and implicitly,
verbally and in writing, directed all of
his servants to the blessed person of
ABDUL-BAHA, and, under all circum-
stances, clearly showed that he was far
distinguished above others, in order that
all the servants should look unto him
alone, and follow his commands. But
notwithstanding all this, as BAHA-
foresaw, that when his beauty
of Oneness Was concealed under the
veils of disappearance, the people of de-
sire, through jealousy, would hold to
groundless doubts and suspicions, and,
disregarding the prohibition to interpret
the Book, would divert the real meaning
of the two verses above quoted, away
from the "Appointed Center." He,
therefore, prior to his departure, re-
vealed the blessed Ketab-eZ'A'hd (Book
of the Covenant, the Will of 
LLAH). This he Wrote, and sealed it
With his own blessed hand and seal, in
order that the darkness of discord might
not again obscure the brilliant horizon
of the Cause of God, and the calamities
and disasters which afflicted other re-
ligions might not overtake this move-
ment. In this Book (His Covenant)
he clearly indicated that the purpose of
the "Branch extended from the Ancient
Root," revealed in the blessed verse of
Akdas, was the Center of the Circle of
Names, the Exalted Branch of the
Blessed Tree of ABHA, His Holiness,
ABDUL-BAHA. Then he, for the second
time, enjoined, through an unchangeable
and irrefutable command, all his
"branches," "twigs," "relatives" and
the people of Baha without exception, to
look unto that dawning-place of Divine
Light, and to know him as the source
and origin of the commands and pro-
hibitions of the Heavenly Religion. He
desired, by this clear elucidation, to
counteract the imaginations of the igno-
rant, extinguish the world-consuming
flame of the jealousy and hatred of peo-
ple of error, and guard the Divine Re-
ligion from divisions and sects which
are, according to the judgment of com-
mon-sense and the clear texts of the
holy Tablets of God, the most deplor-
able for religion and humanity. By this
he sought to preserve the Divine l/Vord
from human doubts, suspicions and ar-
tifices.
But alas! All these clear texts of
God, commanding people to turn to the
day-spring of the Light of the Cove-
nant, did not check the evil thoughts of
the people of discord; and his repeated
exhortations and advices did not soften
the hard hearts of the men of hostility,
nor prevent them from ruinous discords
and divisions, for When, in May, 1892
A. D. (2nd Zul-Ka'da, 1309 A. H.),
ascended to His Most Holy
Station, and nine days after his depar-
ture, the Bools of the Covenam' of God
'was chanted in the Holy Tomb in the
assembly of believers, the gloom of ani-
mosity and disappointment became in-
stantly manifest upon the faces of those
who had groundless pride and desire for
leadership, and who sought to raise dis-
cord and contradiction. On the other
hand, cheerfulness and joy were mani-
fest in the shining faces of those who
had no desire but that of seeking the
Truth and telling the.Truth. Some were
seated upon the right hand of certainty,
firmness and steadfastness in the solid

