STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
thou stand unshakable, become the object of-the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-.
ture thy subscribers will become ho-sts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
lty. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Anms.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE Wesr, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of that both in the
East and the West they may become informed of the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Anus.
STAR OF THE WEST FOUNDATION
Northeastern States: Hoornn HARRIS. Western States: HELEN S. GOODALL.
Southern States: Dominion of Canada: MAY MAXWELL.
Central States: ALBERT VAIL, CARL 
Editorial tafi ALBERT R. M. 
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Vol. 11 Sharaf 1, 76 (December 31, 1920) N0. 16
Two Important Tablets to_the Bahais of America,
]11St received.
To the friends of them be the glory of God, the Most
Glorious!
He Is The Most Glorious!
ye friends of God!
The world is still filled with tribulations and agitation, and the nations
of the world are in fact in competition, strife and war with one another. In
some countries there is also open Warfare, and strife. The world of humanity
is sick and unawakened and the physicians of morality are in conflict more
than all other people: they have not yet discovered the cause of the sickness
(of world), nay rather, they are utterly ignorant. In reality the physicians
themselves are sicker, weaker and more avaricious than all. In spite of this,
all the nations of the World are neglecting and disregarding the fact that,
except the Divine Physician, who is well aware of the constitution of the
world of humanity, no one can remedy these diseases and bestow the most
effective antidote. Various diseases have so permeated the body of the World
that the sick, together with the nurse and the physician, have become utterly
helpless and are suffering great calamities.
Today the only community which has no prejudice and is not in conflict
with any other community, and besides this wishes the good health, ease, com-
fort and harmony of the world of humanity, is this oppressed (Bahai) com-
munity. Not.with'standing this the peoples of the Orient are practicing the
utmost oppression towards this persecuted community. In Persia every day
they create some new disturbances and take recourse in false charges as a new

