14-6 STAR OF
efiect of their presence. Mr. Albert
Vail 's letter brought this word: "We
are having some beautiful hours with
Jenabi Fazel in Chicago. There have
been meetings on the Temple grounds
and others in the homes where he has
spoken to the groups and brought to us
the Master 's beautiful messages and joy.
He is an angel of light."
Before turning their foosteps east
again for service during the summer, as
planned, our Persian brothers visited
the Kenosl1a (Wis) Assembly, and the
brief reports We have had indicate that
they were immensely pleased with the
Kenosha friends. Returning to Chicago,
enabi Fazel and party left on June 21st
for the east stopping en' route in De-
troit, Mich.
Then the party proceeded to New
York City for their second visit. A
few heavenly days were spent there.
Mr. Mills had arranged some meetings,
and the harmonizing effect of the pres-
ence of enabi Fazel was never more
noticeable. He has love, peace, kindness
in his own heart, and he radiates these
qualities through confirmations from the
divine Source.
One of the most beautiful meetings
(and a precious experience for all be-
lievers fortunate enough to be present)
held in and around New York, was the
brilliant picnic at West Englewood, New
Jersey, on Saturday, June 26th, an
event termed by Abdul-Baha himself,
"The Annual Souvenir of Abdul-Baha. 
This picnic held each year in the grove
at West Englewood is looked forward
to with great joy by the friends, for it
is in commemoration of the Feast given
to them by Abdul-Baha himself whe11
he visited the Wilhelm home in 1912.
Those present at the memorable gather-
ing eight years ago often tell us of the
fragrances of holiness so marked, and
the rays of the Sun of Truth so mani-
fest in, and radiating from, the divine
host, the Center of the Covenant.
Abdul-Baha told the friends gathered
there then, that the Feast they were
THE WEST
celebrating "had a name which Would
last forever and ever." Each successive
year since. 1912, the gathered friends at
the "Souvenir of Abdul-Baha' feel the
spiritual fragrances and confirmations
and they know that Abdul-Baha is o'er-
shadowing them with his spiritual pres-
ence. This year the occasion Was made
particularly happy by the presence
of Jenabi Fazel. Among others pres-
ent were Mr. Harry Randall of Bos-
ton, Manoucher Khan, a few Japanese
brothers, Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, friends
from Riverton, N. ., and others, in all
about one hundred and twenty-five. Mr.
Roy Wilhelm had charge of the entire
program. The evening meeting was held
in the home of the Wilh elms with many
inquiring friends present, some of whom
had never heard the Message. The day
was a beautiful one, a.nd it was very evi-
dent that all present were experiencing
the joyousness and real happiness of the
spirit.
While enabi Fazel was in New York,
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab joined his party,
and he will travel with him to a great
extent, in accordance with instructions
from Abdul-Baha to Ahmad contained
in a cable, and reading as follows:
"Be with Fazel in important cities."
Also we quote the following instruction
of Abdul-Baha in a Tablet to Mirza
Ahmad Sohrab, revealed in Haifa, May
18th, and translated in New York City,
June 26th 1920:
"His excellency, the ideal sage, Fazel
Mazandarani, is the essence of humility
and submission. God willing, with
Manoucher Khan, he has reached the
United States under the protection of
the Almighty. This respected soul is
evanescent in the Cause of the Blessed
Perfection. He is wise, well informed
and a thinker. There is no doubt that
he will become the cause of the exhilara-
tion, rejoicing and the guidance of
others. You must exercise toward him
the utmost respect and consideration,
and placing your hands in each other 
become ye engaged in the promotion of
the Word of God."

