192 STAR OF THE WEST
olution commemorating our departed
friend, Joseph H. Hannen of Washing-
ton. This motion was unanimously
adopted by a rising vote. Urbain Le-
Doux and Mrs. Josephine DeLagnel
were appointed as this committee.
It was moved that a nominating com-
mittee of nine be appointed to present
a list from which to elect a teaching
committee, in accordance with the plan
adopted by the Convention at its 1919
session. It having been pointed out
that this nominating committee, under
the motion, Would not be bound in any
way as to the number of the teaching
committee it shall recommend to the
Convention, and also that the~nominat-
ing committee should include some rec-
ommendation as to the best means by
which the Convention may handle the
other matters mentioned in the book en-
titled, The Divine Plan, which are mat-
ters associated but not necessarily iden-
tical With the Work of the teaching
committee, the motion was put and de-
clared carried. Mr. R-andall now re-
ported as secretary of the committee of
nineteen, chosen last year as a teaching
committee.
The chair announced the names of
the nominating committee just author-
ized as follows: Mrs. Mabel S. Rice-
Wray, Mrs. Einogene Hoagg, Mrs. Ellen
Beecher, Mrs. Annie L. Parmerton,
Louis G. Gregory, Albert R. Vail, Roy
Williams, Howard C. Ives, and Ahmad
Sohrab.
The chair further announced that the
summary of donations and pledges
given during the morning was as fol-
lows: Donations, $10,395.23, in cash;
pledges, $2,030; photographs, etc., $275;
making a total of 00.23.
The committee of consultation, With
power to select the three remaining
members of the Executive Board, re-
ported through Albert R. Windust,
chairman, the names of Albert R. Vail,
Mrs. Louise D. Boyle and Dr. Frederick
W. D'Evelyn as the members selected.
Upon motion duly made and sec-
onded, it was voted that the secretary
be instructed to cast one ballot for the
election of these three members of the
Executive Board. The secretary an-
nounced that he had cast one ballot for
each of the persons named, and they
were declared duly elected.
Upon motion duly made and sec-
onded, it Was voted to refer to the Ex-
ecutive Board for decision, the impor-
tant question of the exhibition and fu-
ture disposition of the Temple model
made by Mr. Bourgeois and accepted
by the Convention.
Upon motion duly made and sec-
onded, the meeting adjourned to meet
3.13 2:30 P. M.
AFTERNOON SESSION
The afternoon session of the Conven-
tion was opened with an announcement
by the chair that further contributions
to the fund of $10 from New York City
had been received. The chair then
called upon Howard MacNutt of Brook-
to address the Convention. Mr.
MacNutt brought before the Convention
the gist of the situation relative to the
publication of the addresses of Abdul-
Baha given in the United States and
Canada in 1912. He stated that nearly
eight years had elapsed without these
important discourses being given to the
World in consistent and complete form,
although the discourses given in Europe
were published there before Abdul-
Baha left Europe. Mr. MacNutt stated
that Abdul-Baha had instructed him to
prepare the American addresses for
final publication and that he had been
at work for nearly four years, and that
the addresses were now ready for the
printer. He urged that some action be
taken, for the immediate publication of
these valuable addresses. There are
about 250,000 Words and there would
have to be four volumes with a consid-
erable expense attached for publication.

