STAR OF THE WEST 15
plied that he had fulfilled that proph-
ecy by building the Tomb of the
Bab. He said the Tomb of the Bab on
Mount Carmel Was the first Mashrekol-
Azkar, and that Temple is already built.
The one in Ishkabad is a radiation from
that first one. The one in Chicago Will
be another radiation. In future there
Will be many all over the World, all
radiating from the central Mashrekol-
Azkar."
From Snoeni Rls;eBAN1's DIARY,
June 8th, 1919.
The eternal edifice of the Mashrekol-
Azkar of Ishkabad, Russia, its perfec-
tion, its importance and its unique role
Was the sole absorbing theme of our con-
versation and the subject of our
thoughts.
This imposing monument is nearing
perfection, its dome, large and brilliant,
looms from afar. The Greatest Name,
carved in gold and in large conspicuous
characters, reflects the rays of the sun;
While all of its accessories have been pro-
vided and many of its branches, such as
schools for girls, orphanage, reception
rooms, and hospital are nearing comple-
tion. Its nine attractive gardens com-
pletely encircle the Temple, intercepted
by nine spacious Walks and having each
at their central portion a magnificent
fountain With beautiful jets of Water
that add much to the beauty and charm
of the place. Electric lights flash amid
the trees that cover with their extended
branches these fountains and in such a
cool and lovely place the friends gather
and offer to Almighty God their prayers
and their praise. Although the public
park in that city is Wide and imposing,
yet comparatively speaking, it is forlorn
and forsaken--the attraction and charm
of the gardens encircling the Temple by
far surpassing the beauty of the park.
Not a visitor, not a passerby, not a
resident comes to that city Without visit-
ing this matchless spot, none Without
expressing his admiration and astonish-
ment at such an exceptional set of build-
ings, so strongly built, so magnificently
designed, and so richly provided. Many
have made the following remark: "He
who erected this edifice and laid the
foundation of such a monument is as-
suredly divine."
Often it is the case that the construc-
tion of the Temple, its lovely gardens,
its completeness and thoroughness in
material, intellectual and spiritual equip-
ments, the character of its occupants and
owners, their hospitality, their fervor and
their conduct--0ften these awaken the
minds of the people and attract them
to the Cause.
Such Was the description given by
Agha Mirza Mehdi as he With the friends
in Acca gathered this afternoon around
Abdul-Baha, at the Tomb of 
LLAI-I for the Sunday afternoon visit.
When Abdul-Baha inquired the condi-
tion and the association of the friends,
it was intimated that unlike the days
gone by the friends are intimately as-
sociating With all the people of every
shade and opinion, of every sect, and
social standing. said: "Such is the
Way that must be adopted, for only
through intimate association will the
friends be able to teach and sow a seed
in the heart of a seeker. The flower
must be brought close and near in order
to inhale its scent and fragrance."
Then referring to the Mashrekol-
Azkar, Abdul-Baha said: "The Temple
of Ishkabad is unique in that it is the
first temple of the kind that has been
erected. Many such temples shall be
constructed in the future, but this one
will ever enjoy this unique privilege and
preference. When its accessories are
completed and its full machinery starts
running, When the melody of vocal and
instrumental music arises and bursts
upon the air with its joyous trends, when
the prayers and supplications addressed
at dawn and at sunrise ascend to the
Throne of the Almighty, then Will the
efiect of the Mashrekol-Azkar be made
(Continued on page 19')

