STAR OF THE WEST 195
of the moving-picture film, that is to
say, the master-negative from which the
films of Abdul-Baha, with Which the
friends are familiar, were copied. He
told about the circumstances under
which this wonderful film was taken
and urged the Convention likewise to
take some action to secure possession
and continuous ownership and control
of this original negative. He said:
"Consider what it means to those who
had no opportunity whatever of seeing
or hearing Abdul-Baha. They Will be
able to hear his beloved voice and see
his wonderful face on the screen and
hear the voice record. This is for pos-
terity and not for us. I leave this ques-
tion before the Convention. I have long
waited for an opportunity of putting
it before an authoritative committee or
body of the Bahai Cause."
Upon motion duly made and sec-
onded, it was voted that Mr. MacNutt
act as chairman of the committee to
take up both of these matters, and to
have power to increase the committee by
adding thereto in his discretion.
Mr. MacNutt concluded, asking that
the friends so far as possible co-operate
with him and Mrs. MacNutt to perpet-
uate their house in Brooklyn as a Ba-
hai home as a memorial to the Bahai
Cause. This was the scene of the mo-
tion-picture and Abdul-Baha ha.s writ-
ten Tablets concerning this home and
its perpetuation.
The chair announced that many im-
portant questions still to be taken up
would be impossible of decision at this
session, suggested another session of the
Convention tomorrow, Thursday morn-
ing.
The auditing committee, reporting on
the books of the treasurer, complimented
the manner in which they were kept, and
upon motion duly made and seconded,
the report of the auditing committee was
accepted.
Upon motion duly made and seconded,
it was voted that the Convention recess
until tomorrow, Thursday morning, at
9' o'clock in the Bahai Library, 415 Mad-
ison Avenue, New York City.
A further contribution of $10 was an-
nounced to the Mashrekol-Azkar fund.
The Convention then informally ad-
journed to attend the wedding ceremony
of Mizra Ahmad Sohrab and Miss Juan-
ita Storch which took place in the large
auditorium in another part of the build-
mg.
THURSDAY MORNING SESSION
APRIL 29, 1920
The Convention was called to order
at 9 o'clock A. M. at 415 Madison Ave-
nue. Alfred E. Lunt in the chair,
Chairman Mills being detained. The
Convention united in singing "Softly
His Voice Is Calling Now."
After supplication for guidance, the
chair stated that we were favored this
morning with the attendance of Jenabi
Fazel Mazandarani and Manuchur Khan
who had instructions for the Spiritual
Assemblies of the country; the Conven-
tion being ideally such a Spiritual As-
sembly, and desired to hear from these
brothers concerning any important mat-
ters they had in mind.
Jenabi Fazel replying, mentioned the
Mashrekol-Azkar and its importance,
saying "we have been reading about
the Mashrekol-Azkar in America and
this news has been echoing throughout
the world, and all the Bahais in the
world are praying most anxiously to see
the result-" He spoke of the command
of concerning building
Mashrekol-Azkars in every center and
of the wish of Abdul-Baha that the
Mashrekol-Azkar should be as imposing
a structure and edifice as itiis possible
to make it. For the people would be
therefore attracted and "if they do not
see the material temple they will not be
informed about the spiritual temple."
enabi Fazel spoke of the importance
of the teaching work, and of how teach-
ing was carried on in Persia.

