STAR OF THE WEST 29
view for a moment from thinking of the
heavens above and the rising of the sun
and its glory; change your point of view
to the divine Beauty appearing in the
human form here on earth. Imagine
the divine Beauty descending from
heaven "riding on a cloud," that is the
human form, the cloud hiding him from
our eyes, nevertheless dwelling in the
human temple, seeing with human eyes,
walking with human feet, eating, drink-
ing, suffering, longing--the divine Beau-
ty nevertheless, the promised Beauty and
substance of life! Think of those words,
the promised Beauty, the very substance
of life, appearing in a human temple.
This is the Sun of Reality I am talking
about, shining upon the human earth,
the earth of human hearts.
Ah, my friends, make the picture, for
his human temple is the Sun of Reality,
and within that human temple, which is
nothing but a cloud, the Sun is shining
to those whose eyes can see it. Shall he
shine in our hearts? Shall he bring
forth fruits meet for repentance, as
Jesus said? Shall the wheat of divine
love grow? Shall the fruits of glorious
perfection appear? Shall the clouds of
mercy from the divine heaven pour
upon ready hearts the drops of his
mercy and the fire of his love"? Shall
there appear from this earth the great
and glorious results worthy of such a
Sun from such a heaven? Praise be to
God, I do11 't even have to ask, for the
new earth has come.
When the sun rises in the springtime,
when the sun gradually crosses the line,
what do we see? Do we see all at once
the earth burst into beauty and perfec-
tion"! Do we see all at once the fruits
of the harvest appear? Oh, no, we see a
blade of grass here and there, a little
green leaf, then the rest; we see a tree
just beginning to show its buds--but
these are the new earth. All the cold
and hard world does not exist. I don't
care how many millions of dead leaves
there are, the one blade of grass, the
one green leaf is the new earth. And
so, show me one soul responding to the
new Sun; show me one life ready to
lay itself down in self-abnegation and
perfect renunciation; show me one mar-
to the Sun of Truth; show me one
who is placing heart and soul on the al-
tar of self-sacrifice, purity and love--
that is the new earth! That is all the
earth there is. Let the rest go, it doesn't
exist. It is dark and cold, it is dead.
Does it exist? Do you say that the
dead bodies in the graves exist in com-
parison with the people walking on the
street? I tell you, my friends, all those
who do not know and his
glory, all those who do not turn to him
in this new age, simply do not exist. On
the other hand, verily, they are in their
graves and they know it not. Arise,
arise, earth of human hearts! Arise,
burst the prison bars, come out from the
cage! Be ye resurrected from the dead
bodies of self and desire and ascend to
that station for which ye were created!
When the Sun of Reality arises in the
human temple, it creates effects upon
the human hearts just as the sun does
upon the material earth, and results ap-
pear. He speaks, and it is done.
My friends, think, think of these last
four days you and I have been listen-
ing--don't let us lose the figure--you
and I have been seeing the rays of the
Sun of Truth shining upon the earth
and results appearing. Go ye into all
the World, shine as the Sun of Truth,
carry to all the world the news that rays
of the Sun of Reality shining upon the
world shall transform it, proclaim to
them that the Prince of Peace hath come,
that never again shall there be war
amongst nations, never again shall there
be war between creeds and classes and
sects, never again shall labor and capital
be arrayed against each other, never
again shall there be loveless homes and
divorce courts, never again shall there be
strife between children in the streets,
never again shall there be anything that
shall mar the beauty of the love of God
in the human heart. That is the procla-

