104 STAR OF THE WEST
Fund after the national teachers have
been supplied. This work will be carried
out always through consultation.
Our first great trust this year, and our
very great responsibility toward the
teaching program is to see that plans and
arrangements are successively made and
executed for the furtherance of the serv-
ices which will be rendered in this coun-
try by Jenabi Fazel Mazandarani, the
great modern teacher whom the beloved
Abdul-Baha sent to this country. His
presence. and sacrificial services will be
naught but "pure bounty" to the entire
country. He has received instructions
from Abdul-Baha to visit forty-eight
states, and at some time during the com-
ing year this wise teacher will visit ev-
ery assembly in America and Canada.
In the coming to us of this great teacher
there is an added incentive afforded us
to dedicate our services and contribu-
tions.
The members of the Teaching Com-
mittee have tried to realize in their own
hearts just as much as capacity admits,
the great significance of the words,
"These great days are swiftly passing."
Also we are not unmindful of the fact
that all have been most lovingly admon-
ished to "forget the past," therefore
Recent Tablet from Abdul
To the friends of God and the maid-
servants of the Merciful, Fruitport,
Michigan, care of his honor Mr. Nels
Peterson--Upon them by 
LLAH El-Abha!
He Is God!
ye who are firm in the Covenant!
Today whatever assembly is estab-
lished _that has for its purpose the wel-
fare of mankind and is attached to the
invocation of God, that gathering is a
celestial one. Undoubtedly, it shall be-
come the recipient of the blessings and
bounty of Divine Providence. It is un-
der the protection of the Lord of the
each and every "firm one in the Cov-
enant" has the opportunity to write on
the new page turned for us, that which
he wills. A united eifort will bring re-
fruitswandl this is what we
are all striving for.
In closing this heart to heart talk with
you, we simply wish to repeat that we
are all co-workers in the Vineyard of
the Lord, and that We feel you are all
at one with us in the hope that the oft-
repeated words about mutual c0-opera-
tion may be into deeds.
"Deeds are the standards."
"Magnanimity is necessary; heavenly
exertion is called for."
This heavenly exertion is attainable
if we have a conscious realization that
"firmness in the Covenant means love
and obedience to the Commands of Ab-
dul-Baha."
"It is evident that the axis of the
oneness of the world of humanity is the
power of the Covenant and nothing
else." (Divine Plan, page 67.)
Respectfully and lovingly submitted,
THE TEACHING COMMITTEE,
By Mariam Haney, Secretary.
Address: The Mendota, Washington,
D. C.
-Baha to Fruitport Assembly
Kingdom, the confirmations and assist-
ance shall encircle it from every side
and it shall grow more illumined day
by day.
This, however, is conditioned upon
firmness and steadfastness in the Cov-
enant and the Testament, that it should
not fall short in its duties, should not
fail to live up to its standard and should
display a powerful will and perfect
steadfastness.
Upon ye be Baha-el-Abhai!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Bahjeh, Acca, Palestine, July 22, 1919.)

