2.9O STAR OF THE WEST
The Bahai Movement and Esperanto
(Continued from page 287)
vergence of opinion and hatred, but as
they were slowly brought near to one
another, finding common interests, they
made the Arabic language a common
vehicle of speech among them. The
study of this common language by all
made them as one nation. We know very
well today that the Assyrians are not
Arabs, that the Gopts, Syrians, Chal-
deans and Egyptians are not Arabs.
Each one of these nations belongs to its
own sphere of nationality, but, as they
all began to study the Arabic language,
making it a vehicle of intercommunica-
tion, today, they are all considered as
one. They are so united that it is im-
possible to break this indissoluble bond.
Today in Syria there are many relig-
ious sects, such as Orthodox, Mussulman,
the Dorzi, Nestorians and so on. As they
all speak Arabic they are considered as
onethem, he will
am an Arab, though in reality he
is not. Some of them are Greeks, others
are Jews, etc. In short, there are many
different nations and religions in the
Orient that are united through the bene-
fit of a common language. In the world
of existence an international auxiliary
language is the greatest bond to unite
the people. Today the causes of dif-
ferences in Europe are the diversities of
language. We say, this man is a Ger-
man, the other is an Italian, then we
meet an Englishman and then again a
Frenchman. Although they belong to
the same race, yet, language is the great-
est barrier between them. Were a uni-
versal auxiliary language now in oper-
ation they would all be considered as
one. Just as in the Orient a common
language created common interests be-
tween the various nations, likewise, in
this age a universal auxiliary language
would unite all the people of the world.
The purpose of my remarks is, that, in
the world of humanity, the greatest in-
fluence which will work for unity and
harmony among the nations is the
teaching of a universal language. Every
intelligent man will bear testimony to
this, and there is no further need of ar-
gument or evidence. Therefore His
Holiness wrote about this
international language more than forty
years ago. He says that as long as an
international language is not invented
complete union between the various sec-
tions of the world will be unrealized, for
we observe that misunderstandings keep
people from mutual association, and
these misunderstandings will not be dis-
pelled except through an international
auxiliary language. Generally speaking
the Whole people of the Orient are not
fully informed of the events in the West,
neither can the Westerners put them-
selves in sympathetic touch with the
Easterners--their thoughts are enclosed
in a international language
will be the master key to open it. VVere
we in possession of this universal lan-
guage, the Vllestern books could easily
be translated into this language, and the
Easterners be informed of their contents.
In the same way the books of the East
could be translated into that language
for the benefit of the 'Westerners. Thus
will the misunderstandings that exist be-
tween different religions be dispersed.
They bring about Warfare a11d strife,
and it is impossible to remove them with-
out this universal language being spread
everywhere. I am an Easterner and on
this ac-count I know nothing of your
thoughts because an international lan-
guage is not yet in vogue. Likewise you
of the West are shut out of my thoughts.
If We had a common language both of us
would be informed of the other's
thoughts. Consequently the strongest
means of universal progress towards the
union of East and West is this language.
It will make the whole world one home
and will become the greatest impulse for
human advancement. It will upraise the
standard of the oneness of the world of
humanity, it will make the earth one uni-

