STAR OF THE WEST 327
to send out. He was always a happy
Bahai, and so generous that he gave
away nearly everything he had. Several
times I have seen him take his coat off
his back and pass it on to someone. In
thinking of Mr. Dahl I felt: "How beau-
tiful that he gave his all to Abdul-Baha
in the days when he was here to do it!"
Yours in the Center of the Covenant,
artha Root.
L. RUSSELL ALDERSON
On August 28th, after a few hours of
illness, our loved brother, L. Russell
Alderson, of the Assembly of Pasadena,
returned to that goal of the lovers of
and the Center of the Cov-
Home Eternal.
His life had been an unconscious wit-
ness to that quickening spirit which His
Holiness has breathed into
the dead body of the world, for he loved
and served humanity. Thus he was pre-
pared of God for the knowledge of His
Great Cause, of which he had heard for
years, but, not understanding it, had re-
mained unconfirmed. To this most grate-
ful and unworthy servant was permitted
the great privilege of giving to him suc-
cessive draughts from that "Chalice of
Everlasting Glory" and his ripe spirit
responded so fully that under its trans-
muting power his life became conse-
crated to the Holy Threshold and the
Center of the Covenant, and he arose in
service to his Assembly and also as a
member of the newly -established House
of Spirituality which is composed of
representatives from Pasadena, Los An-
geles and Glendale.
On Sunday afternoon, August 29th,
a memorial service was held by the Pasa-
dena gathering, which though small in
members is large in spirit. On Monday,
August 30th, in his home, the Episcopal
service was read and the human instru-
ment was laid away among a wealth of
flowers. It was truly a Bahai represen-
tation, not only in the number of be-
lievers present but in the attendance of
different nationalities; and around that
body, so long frail, and in memory of
that self-sacrificing spirit, many tributes
to a beautiful life were rendered.
In the heavenly calendar it is not the
length of time that we have been
believers and "followers of the Light,"
but how we have followed it in firmness
in the Covenant which contains in His
words our twofold test and proof: "Love
and obedience to the commands of
Abdul-Baha." This was the shining
pathway by Which, in the spiritual reg-
istry of the Kingdom, our dear brother
attained to that Home of Light and
Reality.
Isa-belle D. 
It is with great sorrow that the Pasa-
dena Assembly announces to the friends
throughout the Bahai World the passing
of Mr. Alderson on the morning of Au-
gust 28th last. From the first meeting
of the organization of the Pasadena As-
sembly, Mr. Alderson, his wife and their
three sons have been a beautiful factor
in the promotion of the Bahai Cause
both in Pasadena and Los Angeles, and
a more faithful exponent of "Living the
Life" would be difficult to find. Truly
he was ready for the work of the King-
dom beyond this plane, and we trust the
friends will unite in supplicating for the
blessings of the Kingdom of Abha for
him and for those who remain to mourn
his loss.
Nelly S. French,
Sec'y, Pasadena, Ca1if., Assembly.

JEREMIAH A. 
On February 28th, 1920, after a pro-
longed illness, Mr. Jeremiah A. O'Con-
nell died at Chicago. His close personal
friend, Mr. William Patzer, who had
moved to Washington, D. C., arranged
for the funeral and burial at Oakwoods
Cemetery, through the sending of Mrs.
Pauline Hannen to Chicago to look after
(Continued on page 331)

