188 STAR OF
vote the Convention enter into suppli-
cation in silence for divine guidance.
Words were also read from the Surat'
ul of All the friends,
both delegates and non-delegates, pres-
ent in the Convention joined in this
prayer. The committee for the distribu-
tion, collection and count of ballots was
announced to consist of Mr. McCon-
aughy, Mr. O'Connor and Mrs. Deuth.
While the ballots were being counted,
the Bahai Juniors gave a most interest-
ing and instructive program for the edi-
fication of the Convention, lasting about
half an hour. Many comments were
heard upon the beautiful picture and
telling points registered by the children
with reference to the great principles of
the Cause during this demonstration.
The Bahai Juniors having completed
their Work, upon motion duly made and
seconded, Roy C. Wilhelm Was seated as
delegate from Springfield, Illinois, in
response to a telegram from Miss Root
stating that credentials to that effect
were on the way.
It was here suggested that in these
Conventions as Well as Bahai gather-
ings in general, the ordinary applause
by clapping of the hands be superseded
by the utterance of the Greatest Name
by those present.
The chairman of the ballot commit-
tee, Mr. McConaughy, reporting upon
the vote, announced the result as fol-
lows: For Mr. Remey's model plan,
seven votes; for Mr. Bemey's No. 5
plan, the so-called Indian or Persian
model, thirteen votes; Mr. MaXwell's
plan, one vote; Mr. Bourgeois' plan,
twenty-eight votes--making total of
forty-nine votes cas.t. The chair an-
nounced that by this informal ballot the
majority of the votes had been cast for
Mr. Bourgeois' plan and that the situa-
tion was now cleared for the formal ac-
tion of the Convention.
Upon motion, it was duly moved, sec-
onded and voted that the Convention
now proceed to a formal ballot. Mr.
Remey at this point voiced his hope that
THE WEST
the Convention Would register an unan-
imous vote for Mr. Bourgeois' plan. The
motion to proceed to a formal ballot
was at this time unanimously carried.
A discussion following as to the form
in which this formal ballot should be
taken, it was duly moved, seconded and
carried, that the ballot take the form
of a unanimous expression of the Con-
vention in favor of Mr. Bourgeois' plan,
which ballot was duly recorded and took
effect as the unanimous will of the Con-
vention. enabi Fazel Mazandarani
chanted in Persian the prayer of thanks-
giving. i
Upon motion duly moved and sec-
onded, the secretary of the Convention
was instructed to send a cable to His
Holiness, Abdul-Baha, conveying the
glad tidings of the unanimous selection
of the Temple plan and that the details
be speedily sent him for his approval
and instructions. This motion was unan-
imously carried.
Dr. Pauline Barton-Peeke, of Cleve-
land, announced that the Cleveland As-
sembly was the banner assembly of
America in its contribution to the Mash-
rekol-Azkar and that she had with her
a collection of four hundred' ($400) dol-
lars to start the contribution in the Con-
vention this year.
The chairman announced that the
next business in accordance with the vote
of the morning was the election of an
Executive Board of Bahai Temple
Unity. It was moved and seconded that
a nominating committee of nineteen be
selected to bring in nine names for the
Board. After discussion the motion was
put and declared to be lost. It was now
duly moved and seconded that the Con-
vention proceed to vote by Written bal-
lot for nine members of the Executive
Board. This motion having been unan-
imously carried, after discussion as to
the future plans of certain members of
the present Board whether or not they
Would be available for service in this
country the coming year, the chairman
appointed Mr. McConaughy, Mrs. Deuth,

