ll4- STAR OF
the Portuguese language (not hard to
learn) and lear11 the customs of these
Latin peo-ples. South Americans meet
strangers socially before they do any
business. "Paciencia amanha" (pa-
tience, tomorrow) is the first lesson to
be learned. Brazilians do everything
slowly and with ceremony. The Portu-
guese and Brazilians are born aristo-
crats.
At the Sul Americano hotel Miss
Root met Mr. Miguel P. Shelley, an
American who had been doing business
in Brazil for the past thirty years; he
was the best business man she met in
South America. He is also a thinker,
a writer, and a man loved by both North
and South Americans. She frankly ex-
plained to him the purpose of her visit
and how she had approached newspa-
pers. He said: "You could not get
the Bahai Cause (he had never heard
of it) and Esperanto better known in
South America than to do exactly as
you are doing; bring them to the atten-
tion of the editors and have them writ-
ten in all the newspapers." He also
was kind enough to say "that a woman
could travel alone in South America
and that she would be shown respect if
she is a good woman--"that is what
the people of South America want, good
men and good women from the United
States to come here and do business,"
were his words.
Mrs. Rria woman of influence,
gave her time each day to take Miss
Root to meet the most distinguished
people of that seaport. Mr. Shelley ac-
companied Miss Root and Mrs. 
to the newspaper offices where he had
previously made appointments, and in-
terpreted for her. First, one makes a
friendly call, and then the editors ask
questions. Two of the editors have been
educated in Europe and speak English.
There are eight daily newspapers in
Bahia. It is better to go to two or three
of the most important ones and give
the Message and then call later or write
to the in South America,
as elsewhere, like a "scoop," that is, to
THE WEST
get a story exclusively. All the news-
papers used good articles, illustrated
with photographs of Miss Root.
One editor said: am interested
in this religion. If you have put a book
about it in the English section of the
public library, I will get it and read it.
Many Brazilians are beginning to learn
English and they will like English
books." Miss Root placed Thornton
Chase 's book Th-e Bahai Revelation, into
the city library and promised six more
English books on the Bahai Cause, to be
sent from the United States. The head
of the library and his assistants were
most polite. A beautiful new large li-
brary building is just being completed.
If any reader wishes to send Bahai books
to that great library, the address is:
Bibliotheca Publica do Estado da Ba-
hia, South America.
To the Secretary of Agriculture, Dr.
Joaquim Arthur Pedreina France, to
the business people of several countries,
an American captain from California
just starting for England, missionaries,
people of the interior, down to the poor-
est Africans, the Bahai Cause was ex-
plained. People were wonderfully kind.
The very fact that Miss Root was a wo-
man traveling alone, not knowing their
language touched their hearts. One
Portuguese business man and his wife
at the hotel, came to her and said in
French: "We offer ourselves to serve
your religion. If you send us literature,
we also shall explain it and give it to
the people to read." These same friends
gave her a dinner and a large bouquet
of roses and put her aboard the ship
when she left.
Miss Root had no idea when she could
get a ship out of Bahia or what the
quarantine regulations would be. Even
Bahia people were astonished that she
was able to get a ship so easily. The
I ta-ssuce, a Brazilian boat, came up un-
expectedly from Rio with a cargo. After
unloading at the docks, this ship put
out to harbor, had the strongest kind of
disinfection used and the passengers
Went out to this boat before the disin-

