Z16 STAR OF
a column and a half about the Cause,
giving it a prominent place. 'Miss Root
asked if there were any clubs or
churches where she could speak. He
told her of a big event which was to be
given that evening in the fashionable
Ancon Club house for the Roosevelt Me-
morial fund and suggested the men to
see. As a result, a ten-minute talk was
given there where Miss Root explained
What Abdul-Baha. had said about the
Canal Zone and she gave the vital prin-
ciples. Four hundred people were p-res-
ent.
There is a Union Church in Balboa
(the American city Which adjoins Pana-
ma, the older city of the Republic of
Panama). One can only see Where one
city ends and the other begins by the
architecture and the beautiful grounds
of the American part. Everything that
the United States has built in the Zone
has been high in standard. The place
may well be considered a demonstra-
tion of ideals in living for the world,
coming and going, to see and learn. This
Union Church is composed of people of
all denominations of the Protestant
faith. They gave Miss Root twenty min-
utes at their evening service and the
editor of their church magazine said he
would use a column about the Bahai
Cause in his journal bringing in what
Abdul-Baha. said about the Canal Zone.
The Cause Was explained to the edi-
tor of the Despatch, a newspaper for
the colored people, and he used a story.
An attempt was made to visit the
Leper Colony at Palesaco, near Panama,
but the winds were so high that in at-
tempting to land in the little boats, two
men in the launch ahead fell into the
sea, so the Doctor ordered Miss Root's
launch back, but she explained the Bahai
Revelation to the Doctor and to the wife
of the Superintendent, and sent the
lepers Thornton Chase's leaflet, Before
Abraham Was, and Unity Through
Love, by Mr. MacNutt, and four boxes
of candy. There are seventy lepers
there, seven of them children.
THE WEST
The Message was also given to the
doctors of the Canal Zone ports, to the
British Minister, and to several of the
American Government officials. In a
journalistic way, Miss Root met the
heads of all the Government works.
In the Canal Zone there are oppor-
tunities to get excellent positions clerk-
ing, stenography, nearly every kind of
work one would find in the States. The
climate is Warm and the life extremely
pleasant. It is said that Panama Canal
Zone within a decade or two will be
quite as popular as Palm Beach as a
Winter resort. The Bahai who settles
there and builds up an assembly will
be doing a work that will influence every
part of the globe. It is the most cen-
tral place in the world, where in the
centuries just ahead the long lines of
commerce and travel will pour up and
down, back and forth. The old Roman
philosopher who said if he had only had
a place on which to stand he would 'take
a lever and move the World, would find
that place today in the Panama Canal
Zone. Some day someone Will build a
great university on the heights of the
Panama Canal Zone; how glorious if
it could be a Bahai seat of learning!
Leaving Colon for Havana, a five-day
trip, Miss Root Went to the captain of
the ship, showed her credentials and ex-
plained the Bahai Cause, asking him
for permission to give a talk. He ar-
ranged for her to speak on Sunday
morning at eleven o'clock. Nearly every
one came. The passengers were princi-
pally from the Southern States and Ha-
vana. It was the only event that took
place in the social hall during the Jour-
ney and the people came 
If any one feels timid about asking
opportunities to speak, let him remem-
ber that no day comes twice to any
servant in the Cause, and Abdul-Baha
has said to "roar like a lion the \Vords
of God," and "sing like a bird the Melo-
dies of the Kingdom." The Great Heart
will not falter and the world is ready!
Allaho 'Abha 

