STAR OF THE WEST 285
desert, and he met the needs of the day
in his strong denunciation of error and
Wrong, in his fearless stand for right-
eousness and justice, and established
unity in the statement that "There is
no Cod but God and Mohammed is his
prophet." The teachings of Mohammed
are very little known in the Chris-
tian World, and it is only through the
teachings of Baha'o'llah that they can
be understood by Christians.
And now comes in this day to the
Holy Land the manifestation of God
for this day, Baha'o'llah. Although
this is new and the centuries have not
yet accorded their Wealth of adoration,
it is not necessary to ask whether it is
true or not, it is only necessary to take
the instructions of Baha'o'llah and put
them into practice in our lives to realize
the warmth in the heart and the spir-
itual enlightenment which follows. The
proof of the sun is to step into the sun-
shine. No need to ask the little plant
whether it receives its warmth from the
sun or from the cool dews of the eve-
ning. This great revelation was vested
in three persons, the Bab, the forerun-
ner; the great central
figure, revealer of the Words of Life;
Abdul-Baha, the successor, the ex-
plainer, the Center of the Covenant.
Baha'0'llah, although born in Persia,
was transported to the Holy Land
through the action of the Persian and
Turkish governments. Apparently
through no will of his own he followed
in a more extended way the journeying
of Abraham. Abraham came with his
family and his fiocks--Baha'o'llah came
a prisoner and an exile, but he also came
in majesty the like of which the world
has never before witnessed.
It is not the purpose here to enter
into a detailed account of the Revela-
tion of Baha'o'llah. It is sufficient to
say that he has with divine power op-
ened up the sacred mysteries of all re-
ligions, torn away all the barriers which
separate mankind into unkind groups,
made it possible for all humankind to
enter into one body, of one thought and
purpose under the banner of love and
service, in a way entirely satisfying to
the judgment of mind and heart. All
this with perfect order, everything pro-
vided in the fulfillment of this Cov-
enant, even to the appointing of the
Center of the Covenant in the person of
Abdul-Baha.
It is possible that mankind may re-
ject this wonderful and perfect gift--
but then again it is not possible. It is
inconceivable that a purpose extending
down through the ages from before
Abraham should fail at the appointed
time of its consummation through the
lack of human minds and hearts to re-
ceive it. The Wo1'd of God has power
to change the heart--history l1as shown
that it can raise up from the stones
children to Abraham. The heart of the
world is good. Its power for good has
been weakened by separation, it has
grown up in separate groups, kept apart
by lack of understanding which has
grown into prejudice. This prejudice
will fade away before the divine power
of this Wonderful unfoldment (revela-
tion) as the mists fade away before the
morning sun. Nothing can prevent the
consummation of the divine plan
throughout the ages. "These ruinous
wars, this fruitless strife must cease and
all men become as one family."
So We find religion conforms to the
great natural law. The Spirit of God
attaches itself from time to time to cer-
tain holy souls of such radiant purity
that they are able to reflect to mankind
the will of God. Each one is a mani-
festation of the will of God for the
needs of humanity in their day, and
opens up a new era. From Abraham
down through each new manifestation,
in Moses, Jesus and Mohammed, the
world has been prepared for the time
when the promised Covenant might be
fulfilled. And the need of this day in
which we are now living is for the estab-
lishment of this age-old promised Cov-
enant. For the first time in history the
Manifestation of God has come at a
time when all parts of the world are in

