substance of light the form of flowers
and fruit. As love, it persuades man
through the various courts of attraction
until his soul reaches the court of the
placeless, indrawn by the Center of the
Covenant, and therein does man find the
heaven and the paradise of the preor-
dained command of God that is the po-
tential unfolding of his greatest capac-
ity, his greatest happiness, his greatest
service, that makes him one of the drops
in the ocean of the unity of God's love.
My dearest, dearest friends: We
have had revealed to us in these sublime
Tablets, a Whole new world order of life.
We have had presented to us with its
great opportunity the chance to rise and
to serve God in His world. I believe in
this day that disciples choose them-
selves, that all may be disciples, that we
are all called to the station of disciple-
ship in this new and glorious kingdom;
that God Himself has incarnated in the
world, and founded the great Spiritual
Magna Gharta and its laws, its joys and
its happiness, and has placed them in
the hands of the friends of America. He
has given to America the station of the
illumination of the world, and now, we
must build deep that it may be high, We
must build outside of time that it may
withstand time. Peter and Paul built
beyond the empire of Rome, they built
beyond the time of the life of all em-
perors because they built deep and they
built high. It is our greatest privilege,
it is our greatest joy, it_ is the supreme
happiness now of our lives to dedicate
them to this service to the Kingdom.
Do not think I am too solemn--I never
was happier in my life; but the magni-
tude of this vision is so great that I
seem almost lost even in the contempla-
tion of it. 'We must arise, we must be-
come organized through that organizing
power of love which is the magnet of the
spirit and We must go forth with heart
and mind illumined with the living
light, with the substance of these great
and universal Tablets. A few years
longer, and eternity beyond; God calls
44 STAR OF THE WEST
at this very hour. Can We fail? Have
we any choice but to obey'!
To love is a wondrous thing; to be
loved is a miracle. Sometimes we falter
when we love, but it seems to me when
we know we are loved our steps are
firm; and Abdul-Baha loves us, every
soul, his is upon every soul gathered
in this Convention tonight and he loves
us with the encircling burning power of
love. Gan We fail to respond to that
love"? Can we when he has spent every
hour from childhood to the present mo-
ment, forty years of it in prison, in
hardships, going through the pathway of
every possible self-denial, surrendering
the human spirit with which he contacts
with the World, can we feel that at this
hour we can do greater than to turn
our eyes to the call of this Kingdom and
to arise and to serve and follow in the
pathway of his blessed feet?
Oh, my dear friends, I know you feel
the urge; I know that you realize the
magnitude of the task, and Abdul-Baha
has said to us that he who Will arise to
be the herald of the glad tidings of this
day will be sustained by the Holy Spirit,
will be received with an acclamation of
joy into the Kingdom of God. We will
arise to this commanding spirit, and go
forth as the heralds of will
spread this Wondrous message of glad-
tidings throughout the Whole world, un-
til every heart is touched, until every
ear has heard, and every mind enkindled
with the Supreme Spirit which com-
poses the world in the harmony of liv-
ing.
There is one splendor of the spirit that
unites mankind in the service of brother-
hood. There is another glory that is ce-
lestial that transforms the heart from
the image of the into the image
of the heavenly. This is the pathway,
the severed highway to the portals of
light and His Word is the sign: "The
love of the Word of God is the magnet
of heavenly beauty and glory."
Allaho 'Abha I

