126 STAR OF THE WEST
far from it, neither is God pleased with such conduct nor would any sane man
approve of it.
Consider! The blessed animals engage in no patriotic quarrels. They are
in the utmost fellowship with one another and live together in harmony. For
example, if a dove from the East and a dove from the West, a dove from the
North and a dove from the South chance to arrive, at the same time, in one spot,
they immediately associate in harmony. So is it with all the blessed animals
and birds. But the ferocious animals, as soon as they meet, attack and fight
with each other, tear each other to pieces and it is impossible for them to
live peaceably together in one spot. They are all unsociable and fierce, savage
and combative fighters.
Regarding the economic prejudice, it is apparent that whenever the ties
between nations become strengthened and the exchange of commodities accel-
erated, and any economic principle is established in one country, it will ulti-
mately affect the other countries and universal benefits will result. Then why
this prejudice?
As to the political prejudice, the policy of God must be followed and it is
indisputable that the policy of God is- greater than human policy. We must
follow the Divine policy and that applies alike to all individuals. He treats
all individuals alike: no distinction is made, and that is the foundation of 'the
Divine Religions.
And among the teachings of His Holiness is the origination
of one language that may be spread universally among the people. This teach-
ing was revealed from the pen of His Holiness in order that this
universal language may eliminate misunderstandings from among mankind.
And among the teachings of His Holiness is the unity of
women and men. The world of humanity has two wings--one is women and
the other men. Not until both wings are equally developed can the bird fly.
Should one wing remain weak, flight is impossible. Not until the world of
women becomes equal to the world of men in the acquisition of virtues and
perfections, can success and prosperity be attained as they ought to be.
And among the teachings of is voluntary sharing of one 's
property with others among mankind. This voluntary sharing is greater than
equality, and consists in this, that man should not prefer himself to others, but
rather should sacrifice his life and 'property for others. But this should not
be introduced by coercion so that it becomes a law and man is compelled to
follow it. Nay, rather, man should voluntarily and of his own choice sacrifice
his property and life for others, and spend willingly for the poor, just as is
done in Persia among the Bahais.
And among the teachings of His Holiness is man 's freedom,
that through the ideal Power he should be free and emancipated from the
captivity of the world, of nature; for as long as man is captive to nature he is
a ferocious animal, as the struggle for existence is one of the exigencies of the
world of nature. This matter of the struggle for existence is the fountain-head
of all calamities and is the supreme afliiction.
And among the teachings of is that religion is a mighty bul~
wark. If the edifice of religion shakes and totters, commotion and chaos will
ensue and the order of things will be utterly upset, for in the world of mankind

