186
STAR OF THE WEST
The application shall be sent to the secretary of the Unity and shall be
presented by the secretary to the Executive Board for investigation and veri-
fication of the facts stated in the application. The Executive Board shall be
entitled to ask for and obtain any further information which it may desire;
and may advise the applying Assembly of its apparent acceptability, subject to
final approval by the Convention; but in case of becoming convinced that, in
the interest of the Bahai Movement, the acceptance of such Assembly is inad-
visable, the Executive Board shall notify the applying Assembly of its intention
to so report to the coming Convention. The question of the acceptance or re-
jection of the application shall be decided by the Convention in its consideration
of the report of its regularly constituted Committee on Credentials.
II. ABANDONME-NT.
Any Assembly, a regularly enrolled member of this Unity, which shall fail
to elect a delegate to represent it in accordance with the constitution and by-
laws of the Unity for a period of two years, shall be deemed to have abandoned
its membership in this Unity, provided that any such Assembly may revive its
membership by making application for membership in accordance With the
provisions of these by-laws.

These by-lavvs may be amended by the Unity at any annual or special
meeting, by resolution adopted by three-fourths of the votes cast at such meet-
ing, provided the notice that an amendment Will be proposed, stating the general
scope of the proposed amendment, shall be sent by the secretary to each of
the assemblies of this Unity thirty days before the meeting at Which such
amendment is proposed to be submitted.
IV. NOTICES.
All notices required by these by-laws to be given in pursuance of any
provisions thereof shall be considered duly given when mailed by the secretary
to the secretaries of the assemblies of this Unity, at such address as may appear
from the records of the secretary, or if no such address appear, to the address
believed by the secretary to be the address of any member of said assembly.
V. ENAOTMENT.
These by-lavvs shall go into effect from and after their enactment.
true copy--Attest: ALFRED E. LUNT, Secretary]
Report of Twelfth Annual Mashrekol-Azkar Convention
(Continued from page 183)
must be accomplished solely through
the divine bounties and spiritual be-
stovvals Which have descended from
God in this day for that purpose. This
is an exigency of the times, and the
divine remedy has been provided. For
the spiritual teachings of the Religion
of God can alone create this love, unity
and accord in human hearts.
"Therefore, hold to these heavenly
agencies which God has provided, so
that through the love of God, this soul
bond may be established, this heart at-
tachment realized, and the light of the
Reality of Unity be reflected from you
throughout the universe. If We do not
hold fast to these divine agencies and
means, no result Will be possible. Let
us pray to God that He Will exhilarate
our spirits so We may behold the de-
scent of His bounties, illumine our eyes
to Witness His great guidance, attune

