STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sOns of men shall be strengthened, .that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences o? race be annufled. So it shah be; these fruifless snifes; these ruinous vvars shafl
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. ll Masheyat 1, 76 (September 27, 1920) No. ll
Report of Twelith Annual Mashrekol-Azkar Convention
Held in New York City, April 26th-29th, 1920.
[These minutes of the 1920 Annual Convention of Bahai Temple Unity are prepared and published
in conformity with a vote of the Convention to that_elfect. The Constitution and By-Laws of
Bahai Temple Unity are appended hereto. also as required by said E. Lunt, Secretary.]
MONDAY MORNING 26, 1920.
THE twelfth annual Mashrekol-Azkar
Convention met at the Engineering
Societies' Building, 29 West 39th Street,
New York City, on Monday, April 26,
1920, at 10 A. M., in accordance with
the following call issued February 18,
1920:
"To the Bahai Assemblies of America,
Greeting:
"At the instance of the Executive
Board of Bahai Temple Unity, it is my
duty to call your Assembly to the elec-
tion of a delegate or delegates, as pro-
vided by the Constitution of the Unity,
to attend and represent your Assembly
at the annual Convention of Bahai Tem-
ple Unity to be -held in New York City
during a three or four day period of the
Rizwan which, as you know, begins
April 21, 1920 and extends twelve days.
Will you kindly take immediate steps to
bring this matter to the attention of the
Assembly and to procure their action in
accordance with this call"?
"Further details will be sent at the
earliest moment concerning the most im-
portant work of this Convention and
the final dates fixed, place of meeting,
hospitality arrangements, Convention
and Congress program, etc.
Alfred E. Ltmt, Secretary."
Extracts from subsequent supplement-
ary letter:
"The feast of Rizwan will open on
the 15th day of the month of Jalal
(Glory), year 76, present calendar
Saturday, April 24th, 1920, at the Al-
dine Club, 200 Fifth Avenue, 14th floor,
New York City, with a Reception at 5
P. M. and the Feast will be laid at 6 :30
P. M. The kind friends of the New
York Assembly through their Rizwan
Committee are in charge of the Feast.
"The Convention, or Annual Meeting
of Bahai Temple Unity will open at the
Convention Hall of the Engineering So-
cieties at 29 West 39th Street, at 10
A. M. on Monday, continuing through
the day, and similarly on Tuesday and
Wednesday. 
The meeting was called to order by
Dr. Frederick W. D'Evelyn of San
Francisco, vice-president of the Unity,
in the absence of the president, Harlan
F. Ober, who with Mrs. Ober had re-
cently sailed for Haifa, Palestine. Mrs.
Parmerton, delegate from Cincinnati,
Ohio, invited the friends to ask the
blessings of G-od' upon this coming Con-
vention and Congress and a moment of
silent prayer Was observed by all those
assembled.
The presiding officer announced that
the first business would be the election
of a temporary chairman, and upon mo-
tion duly made and seconded, Dr.
D-'Evelyn was continued in that office
by unanimous action of the Convention.
The secretary of the Unity, Alfred E.
Lunt, then read the temporary roll of
delegates as appearing on the secretary's
record.
Upon motion duly made and sec-
onded, it was voted that the chair name

