180 STAR OF
choice of the Temple plans be by private
consultation of the delegates only. After
discussion of this motion, it was put to
a vote and was declared lost, the effect
of this negative vote being to leave the
matter in the hands of the delegates but
with no thought of seclusion or privacy.
Upon motion duly made and seconded,
it was unanimously voted that the chair
name a committee to meet and to give
consideration, pending the recess, to all
the utterances and Tablets on the sub-
ject of the Mashrekol-Azkar, including
any instructions that had been received,
and to place these before the Convention
at the afternoon session, including cer-
tain instructions that had been received
concerning the method of consultation
which should be followed in Bahai con-
ventions, The committee, as constituted,
was as follows: Charles Mason Remey,
W. S. Maxwell, Mountfort Mills and
Louis Bourgeois.
The Convention recessed to meet at
2 P. M.
AFTERNOON SESSION
The Convention was called to order
at 2 P. M. by the chairman. An an-
nouncement was made concerning the
serious illness of Miss Fannie Knobloch,
at New Haven, Connecticut, and re-
quests Were made for prayers for her.
Mr. Remey reporting for the art com-
mittee stated that the committee recom-
mended that certain designs be nomi-
nated by the Convention and if more
than one design made by any one archi-
tect was to be considered mention should
be made of that fact.
Mr. Vail reporting for the committee
appointed during the recess hour to gath-
er the Tablets and instructions relating
to the Mashrekol-Azkar, stated that this
committee had decided to report upon
the more recent words of Abdul-Baha
concerning this, inasmuch as "every day
has a new order; obey the order of the
day." He thereupon read in substance
the recent references of Abdul-Baha, as
to the necessity of decision upon plans
WEST
by the Convention whether unanimously
or by majority, as given to William H.
Randall when recently in Haifa.
Mrs. True, being interrogated as to
any allusions to the probable cost of the
Temple made by His Holiness, Abdul-
Baha, asrecorded in her Mashrekol-Az-
kar records, recounted a conversation
with him, Mr. Wilhelm and Mrs. True
being present, in New York, in 1912,
when he said that the Temple would cost
over a million dollars.
A discussion followed as to which in-
structions the Convention should deem
itself bound by, whether the former ref-
erences scattered through the Tablets or
the recent instructions to the Conven-
tion to assume the responsibility of
choice. The chair ruled that under re-
cent instructions the delegates are en-
trusted with the completion of the work
in hand including the choice of plans
"leaving it entirely to them to decide."
Mr. Lunt, having in his possession a
discourse on the subject of consultation,
given by His Holiness, Abdul-Baha, at
the Plaza Hotel in Chicago, 1912, was
asked to- read it:
Words of Abdul-Baha on the Importance
of Consultation
"In this Cause the question of con-
sultation is of the greatest importance.
But the spiritual consultation, not physi-
cal consultation. In France I visited
the Senate, the Parliament. I did not
like their system at all, for consultation
must have for its aim the arrival at truth
and not opinionated opposition. When
there shall be opposition or inimical
opinion, it is very bad. I found that
they altercated, by Worthless or useless
altercations, each one presenting a cer-
tain angle or a certain Word, someone
would oppose him, and then there was
a turmoil, and it happened that While I
was there two of them got up and had a
fight. I said, 'This is not parliamentary
consultation. This is a fiasco! What is
the use of going to theatres and spending
your money? Come to the National As-
sembly and see what is going on! It is

