STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long thou shalt become the Star of the East. and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice Weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
jg igned ABDUL--BAHA 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of that both in the
Eastand the West they may become informed of the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
STAR OF THE WEST FOUNDATION
Northeastern States: HARRIS.
Western States: HELEN S. GOODALL.
Southern States: Dominion of Canada: MAY MAXWELL.
Central States: ALBERT VAIL, CARL SCHEFFLER.
Editorial tafi ALBERT R. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Vol. 11 Eizzat 1, 76 (September S, 1920)  l0
Letter from the House of Spirituality, Teheran
Translation by Manucher Khan, of the fac-simile reproduction of the Persian
printed on page 26 of the STAR. or THE 
To the STAR or THE WEsT'--Gompli'-
ments and congratulations!
The members of the Spiritual Assem-
bly (House of Spirituality) of Teheran,
Persia, offer the sincerest congratula-
tions to the editors and the staff of the
STAR or THE Wnsr.
The STAR or THE- had ceased its
radiation owing to the dense clouds of
this destructive world-wide war but in
this happy and joyous time, from the
unlimited bounty of the Almighty God,
those clouds have been dispelled and
dispersed and again the STAR or THE
has shone forth in a new style.
We beg at the Threshold of God
the success and the prosperity of the
honorable editor and his staff, and hope
that, God willing, day by day the refu1-
gence and resplendence of the STAR OF
THE WEST may be increased and that it
may be lighted in such a manner that
it may bestow upon the hearts of the
people of the West illumination, that
the sleeping ones may arise from their
slumbers and the uninformed ones may
be informed of the rising and the dawn-
ing of the Star of Reality from the
horizon of Persia, and may not be
bereft of the effulgence of the Sun of
Guidance and Vllisdom. But alas, alas!
most of the people are narrow-minded,
short-sighted, and are unaware of the
Highway of Reality. Some have been
contented with a small cup of water
and have deprived themselves of the
ocean and the limpid and salubrious
water, a11d a few are in search of it but
they wish to confine that boundless
water of life in a small jar or dish, but
how impossible! How well He has said,
"And by the Name of God, the sayer
is from anyone searches for
light in the daytime that self same

