STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of aifection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. ll Elm 1, 76 (October 16, 1920) No. 12
The Foundation of the Temple
THE Convention in New York chose
Mr. Louis Bourgeois' model for
the Temple. The Unity Board has been
meeting in New York, Green Acre, Chi-
cago, to make plans for the immediate
laying of the foundation. After their
first meeting in New York, Aug. 4, they
cabled Abdul-Baha that they had de-
cided on plans and cost and were pro-
ceeding to lay the foundations. He ca-
bled: "Your news imparted great joy.
Assuredly friends exercise greatest ef-
fort in this service."
The plans chosen provide for an edi-
fice 153 feet in diameter, costing approx-
imately $l,500,000, which will tower in
surpassing brightness and beauty from
the circular gardens by the Sheridan
Road on the shore of Lake Michigan at
the heart of the American continent. Mr.
Bourgeois has spent a number of Weeks
in Chicago making plans and conduct-
ing the borings. The nine great pillars
of the Temple will rest on concrete
caissons which will go down to solid rock.
The borings show the rock is over a hun-
dred feet below the surface. The work
on the great concrete foundations will
begin with the coming of the spring,
that symbol of "the Springtime of His
Holiness, the Eternal One" now break.
ing upon the radiant century of which
this Temple is so glorious a manifesta-
tion.
The need now is for a flood of contribu-
tions from all over America and the
world so that the Work once started shall
never pause for funds. Each gift will
be one of the stones of love which will
lay a foundation of the oneness of man-
kind. Thus men shall see with their own
eyes that all nations and religions have
built and entered the Temple of Unity.
Alb art Vail.
LETTER FROM THE BAHAI
TEMPLE UNITY
"Now the day has arrived in which
the edifice of God, the divine sanctuary,
the spiritual Temple, shall be erected
in America. 
Beloved friends of the Covenant:
During the past summer important
Tablets were received by the friends of
God in America indicating the accep-
tance by Abdul-Baha of the Bourgeois
model of the Mashrekol-Azkar, which
was unanimously selected by the dele-
gates to the annual convention in April.
A meeting of the executive board of the
Bahai Temple Unity was therefore called
in New York City on August 4th, 1920,
and after due deliberation and thorough
consultation with Mr, Bourgeois and Mr.
E. R. Boyle, as consulting engineer, the
following cablegram was forwarded to
Haifa:
"Understanding recent Tablets ap-
prove Bourgeois design, have adopted
model reduced, preserving original
beauty, estimated cost million and half.
Proceeding construct foundation and
increase fund. Supplicate divine as-
sistance. EXECUTIVE. Bomb."
reply was duly re-
ceived: "Your news imparted great
joy. Assuredly friends exercise greatest
effort in this service. Asians."
On September 17th, 18th, 19th and
20th the Temple Unity board held a
series of memorable meetings in Chi-
cago, when the initial steps were taken

