Z68 STAR OF THE WEST
daily life which is the active counter-
part of these heavenly pictures! The
following incident related by M. Azizul-
lah Khan Bahadur illustrates the un-
failing kindness Which Abdul-Baha
showers so freely on every one with
whom he comes in contact. M. Azizu1-
lah spoke in some such Way as this:
"One morning I was in Haifa with
the Master. We entered a store. Here
we found a group of people and among
them a German missionary, a. resident
of Haifa. At first this man was talking
in such a way as to display his knowl-
edge of classical Arabic literature. Then
the subject of his conversation changed.
He spoke of his personal affairs. He
Was no longer receiving remittances
from the missionary board in Germany.
This was during the war. He was in
need of money. When the Master heard
the man speak of his need, he 
gave him a generous sum of money."
Mirza Azizullah continued: "All the
time I was feeling critical of the Master
and at the same time blaming myself
for feeling critical. This missionary I
knew had no love for the Master. 
had opposed the Master and would op-
pose him again. 'Still,' I said to myself,
'if that is not the Master, I don 't know
who is.' 
How often while in Haifa Were We
sharply confronted With this contrast
between the human and divine Way of
thinking! "My thoughts are not your
thoughts, neither are your ways my
ways, saith the Lord. For as the heav-
ens are higher than the earth, so are my
Ways higher than your Ways and my
thoughts than your thoughts." One
morning some pilgrims were sitting
in a small room on the ground floor
of the Master's house. One of the pil-
grims, a Mohammedan, Was pouring
over the pages of the Bible. He had re-
cently become a Bahai and since that
time could not read the Bible enough.
Soon Dr. Lotfullah Hakim entered. He
brought a message from the Master to
the Mohammedan pilgrim. It directed
him to go to the hospital. had not
been well for several days and the Mas-
ter, like a kind father, Was watching
over him and advising him for his best
welfare. But the pilgrim answered that
he had not seen the Master for three
days and that he would not go to the
hospital until he had again seen the
Master. In the mind of one of the pil-
grims who- was watching this little
scene, sprang up a feeling of disap-
proval, a feeling a little critical and
consequently a little hostile to this
Oriental brother. (Why was he not
obeying Abdul-Baha?) But we were
soon to see the Divine way of regard-
ing the man. Dr. Lotfullah carried the
1nan's message to the Master and re-
turned immediately with directions to
the man to step outside. He did so, the
rest of us following. We we11t by the
gravel path around to the front of the
house. Soon Abdul-Baha appeared on
the porch just above us. He looked
down on the sick man with laughing
kindly eyes and his beautiful musical
voice fairly rippled with laughter as he
again advised him to go to the hospital.
The man's face beamed with pleasure
and he went off to the hospital satis-
fled.
it
Answer to a Question
regarding Church Attendance.
It is Well to worship in any place
where the thought is turned to God.
Whether the place is home, church, or
mosque, the object is to turn to God.
But if there is a Mashrekol-Azkar it is
better to worship there. In the other
worshiping places the hearts are not en-
gaged in worshiping God. They are
turned to the world. Therefore in those
places the breaths of the Merciful are
not inhaled. But if there is no Mash-
rekol-Azkar, there is no harm in going
to other worshiping places.
When I was in America I used to go
to churches to speak. When I entered
they were engaged in worshiping. I
also used to stand up and turn to the
Kingdom of God. After they had fin-

