STAR OF THE WEST
Another instruction of Abdul-Baha is ever present: "Become ye firmly
rooted in this great aim; send ye teachers to all directions. . . . Ever do I
beg for you Divine Confirmation. . . . My Spirit is with each one of you."
From the Utterances of we quote the following: "Become
ye united in the Days of God. Through this, His Cause will be spread amongst
the servants and the fragrances be wafted over the cities. Hearken ye to that
which the Pen of Revelation advises you on the part of the Mighty! Do ye not
disagree in the Cause of God, for thereby the hearts of the unbelievers are
rejoiced. Gather ye together with joy and fragrance, then peruse the verses
of the Merciful, whereby the doors of knowledge are opened to your hearts.
Then ye shall find yours-elves in the station of firmness and will see your souls
14-5
in manifest joy."
Abdul-Baha is divinely merciful unto us when he tells us that "today no
power can conserve the oneness of the Bahai world save the Covenant of God."
And this oneness begets a loving co-operation.
From Bulletin 0. 2, issued by the Teaching Committee.
Activities in the American Field
Extracts from Bulletin No. 2, issued July 19, 1920, by the Teaching Committee
of the United States and Canada, appointed by the delegates to the Convention.
THIS Number of the Bulletin will
bring to your attention a record of
several very interesting activities in the
Cause, but that which thrills most of all
is the news pertaining to the very sue-
cessful tour of Jenabi Fazel Mazan-
darani. The following words of Abdul-
Baha" in a Tablet dated Haifa, June 3,
1920, may well be quoted here:
"His honor Fazel is one of the elect
among the believers in His Holiness
This respected one is sev-
ered, sincere and eloquent. It is my
hope that the American friends will
prove receptive to his advice and ser-
mons and understand that there is con-
siderable difference between this hon-
ored person and others."
ENABI FAZEL MAZANDARANI
enabi F'azel and.Man0ucher Khan,
his interpreter, remained for nearly two
weeks during June in Chicago. There
were two large public meetings in Ma-
sonic Temple. At one enabi Fazel
spoke on "The Divine Plan for \Vorld
Unity"; and at the other on "The Re-
markable Spread of the Bahai Cause in
the it is Reconstructing Per-
sia." Then there were evening meet-
ings at the home of Mrs. Corinne True,
June 11regard
t.o their stay in Chicago, Mrs. True
wrote:
great work of unifying was ac-
complished. enabi Fazel found us firm
in the Covenant, praise be to God! We
had nearly two Weeks of meetings in
the difierent homes and two Sundays
in Masonic Temple, and finally on Fri-
day evening, June 18th, a la.rge attend-
ance of the Assembly gathered at Miss
Mary Lesch's home, and We saw then
what enabi Fazel had done to get the
Bahais more closely together. He spoke
to the colored people in two of the lead-
ing colored homes, that of Mr. and Mrs.
Clark and Mr. and Mrs. Barnett.
Please tell the friends that Chicago was
tremendously refreshed and warmed up
by the visit of Jenabi Fazel and Maneu-
cher Khan."
Mrs. Wm. F. Slater also wrote most
refreshingly of the extraordinary spirit-
ual uplift to all the Chicago Assembly
by the visit of our beloved and revered
Persian brothers, emphasizing the ab-
solutely unique harmonizing spiritual

