STAR OF THE WEST Z07
Frenchman seeing the Greatest Name"
in Persian on the book, The Dimlne Plan,
asked her what she was reading. He
knew Arabic and was attracted. Then
there was a young Frenchman, son of
the owner of the largest telegraph bu-
reau in Paris, who spoke a little Eng-
lish (only two persons spoke even a lit-
tle English), and to him she explained
the Cause.
Two days later Miss Root suggested
they have a "conference" in the dining-
room for all the passengers and he in-
terpret for her the Bahai Cause. It took
two days to prepare. First she ex-
plained it to him in halted French, sen-
tence by sentence, the history and vital
principles, the young Frenchman re-
peated it in slow English and then told
it in Spanish to a young man who Was
with him; the Frenchman then wrote
it sentence by sentence in his own Eng-
lish, but afterwards wrote it in the most
brilliant French. Almost every one
came to the "conference" announced
by the Captain for four o'clock, imme-
diately after tea. The Frenchman read
the address, then as friends asked ques-
tions, Miss Root begging them to par-
don her French, replied. There were
twenty aviators in the audience and all
asked for literature. Later when these
aviators disembarked, Buenos Aires met
them at the pier with flowers and beau-
tiful ceremonies. The commandant who
is from Argentina was carried off the
ship on the shoulders of his 
and marched through the principal
thoroughfares. The young Frenchman
in saying good-bye added, have not
always understood well the words you
speak, but I understood the life you
have, and it is for that I am interested."
September 19th, Miss Root spent in
Montevideo, Uruguay, where the French
ship stopped for twelve hours. Her
roommate on the ship out from New
York lived there. The latter was an
American girl who had married an
Uruguayan. The father-in-law had also
been a passenger on the ship. Miss
Root Went to their wholesale business
house where they took her in a touring
car to their beautiful home. They are
people of wealth and distinction. After
lunch and a drive they put a Bahai book
in the English Club, another was taken
to the National Biblioteca which is a
pa.rt of Montevideo University, an ex-
cellent library where other Bahai books
can be sent. Then they called upon the
editor of the leading paper, El Dia, and
he used an article. Returning to the
store, the hostess explained the Bahai
Cause to the four brothers and a noted
physician.
Montevideo has a population of 400,-
000. There are 300 journals in Uruguay
but they are principally small papers
as Montevideo is the capital and is the
only large city in this country. Uru-
guay is small; its population is 1,400,-
O00--the majority being of Spanish and
Italian origin. The standard of living
is very high and the people are broad
in their religious views. International
headquarters for much religious and
philanthropic Work for South America
is in Montevideo.
Buenos Aires, capital of Argentina,
South America, with its more than a
million and a half population, the larg-
est Spanish city in the world, the larg-
est city in South America, and the
fourth largest in the western hemisphere,
was the scene of Miss Martha R-oot's
pilgrimage for two weeks. From Sep-
tember 20th to October 4th, 1919, this
is What occurred:
She did not know one soul in Argen-
tina, but had several letters of intro-
duction, three from the United States,
the others gathered along the way. A
chambermaid, by telephone, made an
appointment for her to go to the home
of Dr. Frederico de Valles Vargas, gen-
eral seeretary of the Theosophical So-
cieties of Argentina, at one o'cl0ck. Dr.
Vargas and his family had not heard
of the Bahai Movement, but as soon as
(Continued on page 211)

