STAR OF THE WEST Z15
passenger list changed frequently; also
several different languages were spoken.
Miss Root spoke individually and cop-
ies of vital principles of the Bahai
Cause were later sent by passengers to
Australia, New Zealand, Venezuela,
Mexico, Panama and Spain. Some of
the passengers came to Miss Root and
said: "We wish to get a booklet about
this religion, why did you leave us
out?" The truth was the literature was
all gone except a few newspaper and
magazine clippings. (Miss Root bought
$50 worth of magazines and daily pa-
pers containing the Bahai Principles
in order to use them in distribution
after the 500 booklets were given out.)
On this ship one passenger would tell
another, and they came to ask questions
so that by the end of the two weeks
the Bahai Message was well circulated.
One young man, when hearing her tell
about the Bahai Convention in New
York, said: "Will the Cause grow as
rapidly as that in South America'? In
twenty-six years will we have a conven-
tion like that?" Others were very
much interested in the Temple to be
built in Chicago.
Lima, in Peru, the seat of the old
Inca civilization, was the most impor-
tant city visited after leaving Valpa-
raiso. Its population is 250,000. Dr.
Vargas had given Miss Root letters oi
introduction to nineteen cities and
towns and four were to his friends in
Lima which is his native was
to a newspaper owner, one to a senator,
and two to physicians. As Lima is a
half-h0ur's ride from the port Callao,
and the ship only stopped three hours
in the early morning, it was a problem
how to get there, find these men, and get
back on time. On the electric tram
Miss Root met two young men from
the ship who spoke English and Span-
ish. They took her to the leading hotel
to inquire from the manager how to
reach these people. He was an old man
and Wonderfully kind. He told Miss
Root to sit down and write her message
to each man and he would take them
with her letters of introduction, Bahai
booklets and magazine clippings to each
man. He assured her the newspaper
owner would use an article and volun-
teered to translate it into Spanish. It
was all done so easily and quickly, and
the two young men from the ship, get-
ting interested, mailed to their sisters
in Australia and New Zealand, Bahai
booklets from that hotel. After Callao
no more letters of introduction could
be used as the ship was not allowed to
stop at any more ports owing to fever
conditions.
On the last day of the voyage the
passengers asked Miss Root to give a
lecture on the Bahai Cause in the music
room. It was announced to be given
in English, but when the friends came
some asked to have it in Spanish, so a
Mexican gentleman interpreted, and it
was given in both English and Spanish.
There was such a warmth of interest
and everybody seemed happy. Some of
those present were en route to Japan,
Spain, France, Germany, Panama,
Venezuela, Iona, California, Oklahoma
and New York. Each one was given a
clipping or something which explained
a little of the Cause.
Abdul-Baha said in regard to the
Panama Canal Zone: "Likewise, ye
must give great attention to the Pana-
ma Canal Zone, for in that point the
Occident and Orient find each other
united through the Panama Canal, and
it is also situated between the two great
oceans. That place will become very
important in the future. The teach-
ings once established there, will unite
the East and the West, the North and
the South."
Miss Root spent one week in the Canal
Zone. Arriving in Panama Saturday
noon, October 25th, the first visit was
to the Star and Herald office, the oldest
newspaper. It is printed one-half in
English and one-half in Spanish. The
editor, a young man who had heard of
the Bahai Movement in California, used

