324 STAR OF THE VVEST
FUNERAL OF LILLIAN F. KAPPES.
bereaved, we realize our words are in-
adequate, and know that only the Words
of and Abdul-Baha express
the comfort we would endeavor to
express. From every hand, Where the-
news has reached, have come letters o-f
condolence to our co-Worker, Miss
Buikema. On behalf of- the Bahais
everywhere, we extend to our esteemed
sister heartfelt love and sympathy.
A. R. W.

LILLIAN FRANCES KAPPES
Teheran, Persia, December 7th, 1920.
Dearly loved Bahai friends:
After nine years of unexampled cour-
age, faithfulness, devotion and success
in the face of unnumbered difliculties
endured while building up the girls'
Tarbiat School, which was as the apple
of her eye, our gifted and beloved sis-
ter, Lillian F. Kappes, after only three
days' serious illness of typhus fever,
literally went to sleep, to awake in the
Holy Presence.
The city is enveloped in a cloud of
sorrow. The Bahai women are weeping.
The school children are mourning their
director, teacher, friend. She died at
12:30 midnight on December 1st; was
carried with royal honor, the cortege
numbering hundreds, to the glorious
tomb of Vargha, the Bahai martyr.
The Bahai burial service was held in
the dome of the tomb and the mortal
remains interred in the garden facing
one of its nine most beau-
tiful resting place.
VVhen Lillian F. Kappes 
A wave of sorrow passed over the world,
From East to West it swept,
From bleeding hearts its foam was hurled,
Wliile countless mourners wept.
"Like Joseph of old into Egypt; you're sent,"*
Came the firm command of her Lord,
"In tests and in trials your life will be spent."
Unfaltering, sustained by His Word,
For loving and kind His manner and voice,
"Keep your thoughts and your heart 
pure."
In the utmost of faith s-he made the high choice,
And gained her reward through the power
to endure.
--Amat ol 
(Dr. Susan I. Moody.)
[From the STAR or THE Wnsr, Volume 2,
No. 18.]
Extract from Letter written by Miss
Kappes to Mr. D. D. Babeoek, Seattle,
Wash, dated at Teherart, Persia, D'ec.
19, 1.911;
Dear brother in El-Abha:
Praise God! Through your u11ceas-
ing, untiring efforts and assistance, it
became possible for me to follow the be-
hest of Abdul-Baha, to enjoy the blessed
privilege' of the visit to Thonon and
finally to arrive in safety at my destina-
tion. Many conflicting reports started
Miss Stewart and me off rather hurriedly
taken from her account of
her visit in the holy presence of Abdul-Baha at
Thonon-les-Bains, Switzerland, Aug. 27-29, 1911.

