STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. ll Ola 1, 76 (March Z, 1921) No. l9
"How is it possible to imagine life after death?"
Recent Tablet from ABDUL-BAHA to J. Isbrucker
To the maid-servant of God, J. Isbrucker, Den Haag, I-Iolland--Unto her be
greeting and praise!
He Is God!
thou who art searching for truth!
Thy letter has been received. Thou has Written that Agha Mirza Ahmed
Khan (Yazdani) has given some explanation of the Bahai Cause to thee. "That
thou hast written is right, that the Bahai Religion is Truth and other institu-
tions comp.ared to the Bahai Religion are not reality and are Without any
great results. Although in the sight of the people they seem to have a true
foundation, yet they are like unto a fruitless tree. There are so many trees that
are apparently huge and cast a shadow, yet they are not productive of any
fruit and so they will be ultimately uprooted, as thou hast observed and wilt
observe. The Divine Institution is, however, a tree whose shadow is extended
over the East and the Vllest and every moment brings forth wonderful fruits,
as experience has shown.
Thou hast written, "How is it possible that one should obey and submit
to a11 unjust government?" By the government which should be obeyed is
meant a just government which protects the rights of all its people. It is a
constitutional government which is bound by stringent laws.
Thou has written, "How is it possible to imagine a life after death?"
Verily, verily, life after death is not imaginable. But do thou observe that it
is evident man has evolved from the mineral world. As long as he was in the
mineral kingdom, he could not imagine the vegetable kingdom. He was trans-
ferred to the vegetable kingdom. In the vegetable kingdom he could not
imagine the animal kingdom. Before he emerged from the animal kingdom
he could not imagine the stage of human reason and intelligence, that is, it was
impossible for him, he did not have any knowledge thereof.
Now this earth and these trees have, by no means, any knowledge of the
animal and human worlds: they cannot imagine them, they deny existence ab-
solutely. While the human world is helping the animal and assisting the
vegetable kingdoms, the vegetable kingdom is ignorant of it. Similarly the
human world cannot comprehend the world of the Kingdom: it is absolutely
ignorant of it, while the heavenly spirits have influence in the human world.
Do thou observe how clear this point is and yet the professors and philos-
ophers of the world are ignorant of this reality! The mediums are, however,
speaking of the world of thought and not of reality. But a heavenly soul
who is conscious of the Divine World: whose discerning is open: who is
detached from the world of nature, and has attained to spiritual power is

