34 STAR OF THE WES-T
oneness of the world of humanity is the power of the Covenant and nothing else.
Had the Covenant not come to pass, had it not been revealed from the supreme
pen and had not the Book of the Covenant, like unto the rays of the Sun of
Reality, illuminated the world the forces of the Cause of God would have been
utterly scattered and certain souls who were the prisoners of their own passions
and lusts would have taken into their hands an axe, cutting the root of this
Blessed Tree. Every person would have pushed forward his own desire and
every individual aired his own opinion! Notwithstanding this great Covenant,
a few negligent souls galloped with their chargers into the battlefield, thinking
perchance they may be able to weaken the foundation of the Cause of God: but
praise be to God, all of them were afflicted with regret and loss, and ere long
they shall see themselves in poignant despair. Therefore, in the beginning one
must make his steps firm in the Covenant--so that the confirmations of BAHA-
may encircle from all sides, the cohorts of the Supreme Concourse may
become the supporters and the helpers, and the exhortations and advices of
Abdul-Baha, like unto the pictures engraved on the stone, may remain perma-
nent and ineffaceable in the tablets of the hearts.
The second condition: Fellowship and love amongst the believers. The
divine friends must be attracted to and enamored of each other and ever be
ready and willing to sacrifice their own lives for each other. Should one soul
from amongst the believers meet another, it must be as though a thirsty one
with parched lips has reached to the fountain of the water of life, or a lover has
met his true beloved. For one of the greatest divine Wisdoms regarding the appear-
ance of the holy Manifestations is this: The souls may come to know each other
and become intimate with each other; the power of the love of God may make
all of them the waves of one sea, the flowers of one rose-garden, and the stars of
one heaven. This is the wisdom for the appearance of the holy Manifestations!
When the most great bestowal reveals itself in the hearts of the believers, the
world of nature will be transformed, the darkness of the contingent being will
vanish, and heavenly illumination will be obtained. Then the whole world will
become the Paradise of Abha, every one of the believers of God will become a
blessed tree, producing Wonderful fruits.
ye friends! Fellowship, fellowship! Love, love! Unity, unity that
the power of the Bahai Cause may appear and become manifest in the world
of existence. Just at this moment I am engaged in your commemoration and
this heart is in the utmost glow and excitement! Were ye to realize how this
conscience is attracted by the love of the friends, unquestionably ye would
obtain such a degree of joy and fragrance that ye would all become enamored
with each other!
The third condition: Teachers must continually travel to all parts of the
continent, nay, rather, to all parts of the world, but they must travel like Abdul-
Baha, who journeyed throughout the cities of America. He was sanctified and
free from every attachment and in the utmost severance. Just as His Holiness
Christ says: "Shake off the very dust from your feet."

