152 STAR OF THE WEST
MR. AND MRS. BOSCH
From Papeete, Tahiti (an Island in
the South Pacific-French Territory), we
have received a letter from Mrs. Louise
Bosch, shared with us by Mrs. True.
Mr. and Mrs. John D. Bosch left San
Francisco early last spring traveling to
that far away Island of the Sea, leaving
material rest--and the comforts of the
modern to the call
of the Center of the Covenant that
teachers should travel to the Islands of
the P'acific--they gave the Message to
Mr. Alexander Drollet (the govern-
ment interpreter at Tahiti) and his
wife. Sister Louise writes:
"He (Mr. Drollet) was the first who
became a believer and the first who
heard the Truth. We presented the
Truth to him and his Wife in French
at their home, not long after our arrival
here. He uses the Greatest Name every
morning, and he prays that Wonderful
prayer on page 58 of the Divine Plan.
Without our telling him, he has selected
that prayer for himself. In every way
his rapid spiritual growth has amazed
us, and words are unable to express our
thankfulness to God. How great is the
mercy o-f Abdul-Baha to have permitted
us to come here to find such a soul!
Mr. Drollet told us that always he had
Wished and hoped to do something some-
time for the Polynesians here, and he
said that he knew now that he would
translate some of the teachings of Ab-
dul-Baha into that language."
MRS. GOODALL, MRS. COOPER AND
MRS. FRANKLAND
Mrs. Helen S. Goodall, Mrs. Ella
Goodall Cooper and Mrs. A. J. Frank-
land of Berkeley--those precious friends
on the Pacific Coast, visited in Southern
California recently. Mrs. Cooper spoke
on "The Bahai Movement for \Vorld
Brotherhood" at the Recreation Center
in Santa Barbara; and also addressed
an audience at the large and fashion-
able Hotel Arlington. Mrs. Frankland
spoke before the Theosophical Society
while in Santa Barbara.
SOUTH AMERICA
Dr. and Mrs. Frederic Valles Vargas
and Mrs. Maria Hersch of Buenos Aires,
Argentine, S. A., have arrived in Cali-
fornia, and will make a tour of this
country, visiting the large Bahai As-
semblies. These new friends from
Buenos Aires sent a cable of greeting
to the Bahai Convention in New York.
Each one of the three has given talks
on the Bahai Cause in Argentine since
they heard the Message from Miss Mar-
tha Root last September. They repre-
sent the flower of L.atin-American cul-
ture.
We are beginning to gather fruits
from the beautiful services rendered by
Miss Root on that great South American
trip of last year which has added pages
to the history of the Bahai Cause in this
Western world. Here are a few of the
results which are forthcoming:
Thleosopltista, the Theosophical
Magazine of Brazil, South America, pub-
lished in Rio de Janeiro, has i11 its April
number a most excellent article entitled
"The Message Bahai to the Spiritual
A short history of the Bab,
and Abdul-Baha is given:
the twelve vital Principles are explained
and the "to live the life" quoted in
full with some selections from the
Hidden Words. It was written by Guido
Gnocchi of Santos, Brazil, under his Bra-
zilian nom-de-plume Angelo Guido. Two
other splendid articles on the Bahai
Cause written by this same author have
come from South America recently.
Abdul-Baha in a Tablet to Martha
Root received in May, said: "Praise be
to God, the Call of the Kingdom has
been raised in South America, and the
seeds of Guidance have been sowed in
those cities and regions. Certainly the
heat of the Sun of Reality, the rain of
the Eternal Bounty and the breeze of
the Love of God will make them ger-
minate. I-Iave confidence."
THE TEACHING COMMITTEE,
By Haney, Sec'y.

