STAR OF THE TVEST 205
- . . .
BEGINNING FIRST BORING--FRIENDS HOLDING SOIL IN HANDS
Plans were made for an early meeting
in New York City for consultation with
architect and engineers in order to
speedily advance the preliminary work
of preparing drawings, selecting mate-
rials, etc.
It is the earnest desire of the Unity
Board to share with the friends through-
out the Cause from time to time any
definite news as to the progress of the
Temple Work, and with this end in view
action was taken at one of the meetings
inviting the two delegates to the annual
convention and the secretary of the local
assembly in each Bahai community to
become a special Mashrekol-Azkar com-
mittee, with whom the board may cor-
respond and who will actively promote
the Temple program.
It is therefore the fervent hope and
urgent request of the Unity Board that
such local Mashrekol-Azkar committees
shall undertake at once, in cooperation
with their respective assemblies and ex-
isting committees, a vigorous campaign
in behalf of the Temple fund. Abdul-
Baha has said that voluntary contribu-
tions from the public may be received.
The Treasurer's report of August 1,
1920, shows the amount of the fund on
that date to be $185,778.09. A little
later, at Green Acre, a special Mashre-
kol-Azkar meeting was arranged at
which our beloved teacher enabc Fazel
spoke, and $5,000 was subscribed to the
Temple fund. During the short time
since the selection of the design at the
Convention the fund had been increased
in all by about $25,000.
The most important magazines and
newspapers of the entire country have
featured the Temple during the past
months, notably the Architectural Rec-
ord for June and the Literary Digest
during August. Other articles will soon
appear. The large plaster model of the
Temple exhibited at the convention last
April was on exhibition in New York
City during the summer and has been
viewed by thousands. Plans are under
way for exhibiting the model in Chi-
cago in a very prominent location, of
which full information will be commu-
nicated at an early date. A plan was
adopted by the board for printing and
distributing colored photographs of the

