STAR OF THE WEST Z23
and warm letters to the believers here.
Those letters coming at that time, with
the spirit which they brought, were very
much appreciated, for this demonstra-
tion from the American Bahais was an
assurance to the people here that the
divine bands of the Kingdom of El-Abha
tlflentl. Vortrag
Dienstag ten 51. Iluguit
im ltafieetmus ium liopt
llto ch-r 
als ks ber
aller nab Snitcmc
ant be: mile: Wile: Mr cm
lledner
Herr Charles Mason llemey
aus Washington
Dcrtellx lprurh tu: llueritrl. SIM. (Mum Elmo.
Jubtel. uh in elm gr6[5m| ?t6bt?| mind)-
lam, mo Meter Busmun zgtlimn.
Ilniang 8 abenbs Gintfifl irci!
Poster printed in Germany
united the hearts of the believers i11 the
midst of all the upheavals of the great
world war. Furthermore, in addition
to Writing letters, some friends in Amer-
ica sent. wearing apparel and foodstuffs
to the Bahais here, and this was a
spiritual demonstration which so sup-
plemented the letters that many good
results followed.
It would be very good indeed if the
friends in the American Assemblies
would Write to the Bahais here and share
with them copies of the translations of
Tablets recently received from Abdul-
Baha. Several of the Bahais here are
students of English, and they translate
into German many of the revealed words
coming from America. These are read
in the meetings and are then spread
among the people.
During the past year and a half the
majority of the people in general in
America have been in plenty, enjoying
the luxuries of life to a. degree unprece-
fitfentlicher Vortrag
Dlonstag, don 3l..August, im Kalfeehaus
in Freiburg
A A I 
die Univarsatretigion derlukuntt
als V'erkiin,derin des attgemetnen Wettfriedens, der
Einhcit alter religiosen u. phitosophischen Systeme
und alter Viilker der Erde.
Redner: Herr Charles Mason Remay
nus Washington.
Derselbe sprach in Amerika, Japan, China,
Birma, lndien, Pcrsien u. allen grofleren Steidten
wo bereits Zentren dteser Bewa-
gung existieren.
Anfang lJln- nbends. trei.
Am Mittwoch, den 6. Oktober, abends 8 Uhr
spricht im der Stadthalle
Heidelberg
ttister tl1.tt. Remw nus Washington
Frau Schwurz nus Stuttgart
fiber die Prinzipien der
Bahai-Weltreligion.
Diese Religion hat heute schon Anhanger aus allen
Nationen und Kontessionen der Erde.
Mister lomly sprach tlber dieseRe1igioninjapan,China,
Birma, Ind|en,Pers1en u. tn versch. Sttidzen El11'0pt1S.
Friilriinlritlt Einlafigebiihr 20,51, wottir Garderob. trei!
Newspaper notices printed in Germany
dented i11 the history of our own coun-
try and, so far as I know, unprecedented
as well, in the history of any other coun-
try. This condition is one of the after
effects and the results of the War. \/Vhile
war brings untold miseries to many, to
others it often brings, for a time, a cer-
tain appearance of prosperity, resulting
from the disturbed and shifting political
and commercial conditions. Again as
the pendulum swings back to the other
extreme, conditions are reversed and
comes the restitution which is inevitable.
In addition to Writing to the friends
in the assemblies in Germany, it would
be very good indeed if the friends in
America, in our present hour of mate-
(Continued on page 226)

