326 STAR OF THE WEST
pointed to us and of The Kingdom. He
iterated and reiterated: am sending
you to Persia that you may serve in
Persia, so that all the friends and all
the people will praise you." That We
must always be united in all things, to
be no cause of discord, to love all the
people alike. That we would meet many
hardships and trials.
One of his last messages Was to you,
for when I told him about your unceas-
ing efforts on my behalf and of the fire
of your enthusiasm and courage, he sent
his affectionate greetings to Mr. Bab-
cock. To say to him he had done well-
very well t'ndeed--and that Abdul-Baha
was pleased with him. After I gave him
greetings from the Seattle Assembly, he
said: will see you again in the King-
dom of Heaven." When I asked him to
be healed physically and spiritually to
serve in the Cause of God, he smiled
and said, the while we sat at his feet:
"God willing, you will be healed--you
must keep your thoughts and heart
pure." When he dismissed us he said
he would see us again to say "good-
bye." What he had said of you touched
me as nothing else did and I wept and
wept, for it was the Lord 's "Well done,
thou good and faithful servant." I
thought I should be completely satis-
fied if he ever said that of me. It was
to me the epitome of approval. Rejoice!
Rejoice! that in this Glorious Day it has
been said of you. May your goodness
increase!
We went out with: am sending
you forth as Jacob sent Joseph of old"
I could say nothing but, "Ya-
Baha-el-Abha Ya-Baha-el-Abha he
echoing it back and repeating while he
held us fast at either" hand going for-
ward toward the doorway. And so we
went forth. . . . . .
rQ;l 
MARY MATTISEN
The hearts of all the Bahais of the
Chicago Assembly went out to their
brother Andrew Mattisen during the
month of October, 1920. His wife, Mary,
a young woman devoted in heart, to the
Cause and to her husband and little
child, passed from this world to the
realm beyond. We are grateful that the
promises of and Abdul-
Baha regarding that blessed world are
the consolation of the bereaved.
A. M. DAHL
Cambridge Springs, Pa.,
September 22, 1920.
My dearest friends 
Our dear brother, Mr. A. M.. Dahl, of
Pittsburgh, passed on to the Supreme
Concourse September 15th. He was hit
with an engine and killed instantly.
The body was taken to Chicago and a
Bahai funeral service was held there.
I understood the funeral Was to be in
Pittsburgh and hastened there. I found
they had all gone except the wife of the
older son and three little grandchildi en.
I stayed with them one day. These dear
little children were constantly speaking
of What he had told them and every
little while they would speak of him.
His influence for good will be a great
inspiration in those chi1dren's lives.
A new Bahai in a store said: "Only
two days ago Mr. D-ahl came in a.nd
shook hands with me so cordially a11d I
was so happy to see him." Another
friend who had heard of the Bahai'Cause
said: "Mr. Dahl was so jolly, so kind
and so good!" Everyone spoke of him
with such tenderness and love.
Mr. Dahl was so faithful in the Pitts-
burgh work. Those who worked with
him will never forget those days. I
never knew him to miss keeping the fast
or the feasts. He made photographs of
Abdul-Baha and gave them to friends
to use in the Cause. All the photo-
graphs used in the South American
newspaper articles were made by Mr.
Dahl. Mr. Dahl Went without his lunch
for years and sent the money to sup-
port a girl in the schools in Teheran,
Persia. He typed the Creative VVord

