60 STAR OF
delightful humor seemed to remind us
that the house of the Master is "the
home of laughter and exultation." The
friends were filled with merriment as he
read a cablegram from Dr. Vargas, of
Argentina, who, representing the Bahais
of that great nation, happily reminded
us of the universal spread of the Cause
and more specifically of the teaching
work of our illumined sister, Miss
Martha Root. As Dr. Vargas speaks no
English, the cablegram read, with bright
Celebration of the
FEAST OF THE RIZWAN 1
by the Delegates and Visitors
to the Twelfth Annual
Azkar Convention
and
Bahai Congress
Saturday, April Twenty-fourth, 1920 i
(I5 Ialal, 
The Aldine Club, New York City

A
MENU
FRUIT
ei:LtlY Iuelnurl
ouvtl
cues" or e|:L|:nv
-

oiinirzee AIFLII 
TORTON1 CARI
-
Ill! YAIKI
Page of E1-Rizwan Menu.
originality: "Argentina. Bahais broth-
erly adhesion Congress!" Roy said,
"This was another proof that Bahais
would stick. Both attachment and ad-
hesion to each other are among their
traits. As there are more than a thou-
sand million people in the world and
the Bahais are hardly more than one in
a thousand, New York is fortunate in
having so many candles in one light. He
reminded the friends of their duty to be
happy. All, we proclaim, must be in
actuality. 
A wire from the Portland, Oregon,
Assembly brought to the feast Abha
greetings, prayers that the confirmations
of the Covenant might encircle and that
THE WEST
all hopes of the Mashekol-Azkar and the
teaching plans might be richly fulfilled.
This wire also brought felicitations to
Juanita and Ahmad.
Dr. Frederick W. D'Evelyn, of San
Francisco, followed and in a delightful
flow of Wit and humor in which the
spirit shone, voiced the intense and ra-
diant lives of the San Francisco friends.
A wire from the point mentioned read,
San Francisco Assembly gathered at its
feast sends joyous greetings to all."
The Rizwan .
Tale a walk with me in t.lie garden where
the flowers are so pretty and so fragrant.
And he rd 
a cner,--maybe we can see him.
He told the plant: ta grow and tn lilnssoin
and to have fragrance, so that the sons of
men cnuld glimpse something of the paradise
of God. He planted a garden~all over the
world, and he out his people in ii, rmil showed
them the loving bounty of their Father: and
he said, Come, all ye who are heavy laden
wiih sorrow, with arc, with coine,
come unto me, come to my garden, to the
garden which I have preparer! that you may
enjoy the beauty and the fragrance, that you
may 'row and develop into flowers, human
flowers, that you also may exhale joy and
The Maslireltol is A linger-post of
time it is universal; it does not he-
long to any one country or any one raee, it
belongs tn rill countries and every race. There
will be hui: one language spoken in it, and
that the language ul the Spirit of God. There
will hi: but one niiu ainong all the people who
meet there, nrirl that the aim to disseminate
the prayer for universality, for solidarity,
ilirnughnut the uni-Id: hccause the
Spirir'_ol God lins placed that finger-post,
and said, ll ii. ind 30 it must be. it will
e.
And wlint will lie the influence of that
linger-post on all who. as yet and for some-
time to come, do not know of this universal
hroclainaliun of love and unity in the world!
What? rind, How? and, Why? are the qua.
tiuns ilint will lie asked by those who do nor
know; for liurnaniiy is ever curious, is ever
looking fur problems to solve. And 
will be the influence of it on the rliinzlsi
ls it for good? It cannot he lor evil.
This magnificent monument to the Univer-
God will command ndiniration by its
slaiely dignity and by its humilne work, hous-
ing, as ii will, most uf the needs of the 
lnrxiily--ir will command admiration, venera-
iion and profound respect; mid then? Most
minds will nur be satisfied with rliat: they
will say: "Why is this so?" "Why placed
ir=zr=iri<? vi love. oi compassion. of render-
ness to each other; and thus you will people
the world, and love and hm-nony will dwell
together in this great garden. Corne all ye,
without money and without price; come,
bring loving service and obedient: lo the lov-
ing commands for your for you
are souls, pure and baly, loaned lrom the
Garden oi God to dwell for a space in urth
to beautify, to elevate, to niahe a garden dedi-
cated to tlie'love and service of the Great
Gardener. And one day, in the xetring at
rlie tun, you will walk in tliirgarderi beau-
tiful, and you will meet the Gardener. who
will welcome you and tendemtss,
welcome you all to abide forever in the
shadow oi the beauty and fragrance of per-
fection, God.
The Mashrekol Azkar
here?" "Why subscribed to by all the na-
tions of the earth "Why?" And then they
will begin to invstigale the fundamental
principles on uhieh this peat monument of
time is huildcd. Then they will see the
beauty, the holiness, rlie sincere-and pure
spirit of loving, loyal service, not only to God,
but to all His erearures, a service and desire
born of the lave of God in the hemrls of His
people. Arid there are no confines to love,
ihe Spirit of God,
And so this magnificent monument shall he
ti signal tower vri the shores oi lime, a beacon
to the sin-siclr, weary soul, I rest and re-
to the storm-tossed, a place of ser-
enity. of holiness, of spiritual refreshment.
Evil'! dollar, yea, every cent. liven in love,
in appreciation, inward building this temple
of God will be hlest hundrediold. It is
your holy of linlies: it is my holy of liolies;
ll belongs to the whole world, and every na-
tion oi the earth will contribute ie its erec-
tion. It is impossible lo place in terms of
eommun English, the p0\\Ei' and blessing, the
lnr-reaching results which shall go directly
out from this monument: for it is :i monu-
ment to the greatness, to the broadnesi, to
the universality of all the world. It is not
your building; it is not rny building; it is
our Lliar includes the whole
earth, the 'Whole world.
Page of E1-Rizwan Menu.
In deference to the New Day of Women
Dr. D'Evelyn said, "From time of old
wise men came from the East. But now
wiser men go meet the Wiser
Women Who are there." He quoted an
educator who said that goodness is not
achieved until it is socialized. So spir-
ituality too, must, to be real, become
sacrificial. Perfection is impossible
without humility, the love of God and
self-sacrifice. If We attain the goal it is
certain that recognition will come. It is
certain that this attainment can be frus-
trated by no power outside of ourselves.
Juggling and compromise must be done
away. Self-determination cannot be a
substitute of self-renunciation. Oneness

