STAR OF THE WEST 73
tion, are: Messrs. Randall, Mills, Schef-
fier, McConaughy, (George) Latimer,
MacNutt, Wilhelm, Sohrab and Ives;
Mesdames Parsons, Haney, Ledyard,
Slater, Barton-Peeke, Cooper, French,
Maxwell, Cowles of Montreal and Rice-
Wray.
A Tablet from Abdul-Baha about the
Tarbiat School in Persia and a report
of the Work were given to the Conven-
tion by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab. Funds
for this noble work can now reach the
school if sent to Mrs. Louise D. Boyle,
2602 Wisconsin Ave., Washington, D. C.
The name of our beloved and ascended
brother, Joseph H. Hannen, is glori-
ously connected with this noble work.
The Convention honored his blessed
memory by the adoption of a resolu-
tion of praise presented by Urbain J.
Ledoux and Mrs. Marie A. Watson.
MARRIAGE OF JUANITA STORCH
AND AHMAD SOHRAB.
On this afternoon, in the midst of a
joyful company, the marriage of Miss
Juanita Marie Storch, daughter of Mrs.
Johanna Storch, of Oakland, Calif, and
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, of Isphahan, Per-
sia, was solemnized. The surroundings
were beautiful, the large assembly hall
of the Engineering Societies' Building
being used, the architectural attractions
of which Were increased by spring flow-
ers and soulful music. Tablets Werc
read by Mr. VVilliam H. Hoar and Mr.
Howard MacNutt. The spiritual atmos-
phere was intensified by the harmonious
blending of East and VVest. The past
and present were linked in the two cere-
monies. That of the Episcopal Church
was read by Dr. William N. Guthrie of
New York. The Creative Words of nup-
tial union, with their brief but im-
pressive majesty, were read by Rev.
Howard C. Ives:
"Verily, we are content with the Will
of Godlf'
"Verily, we are satisfied with the De-
sire of God!"
This attitude of heart and soul is the
means of creating loving companionship
throughout all the worlds. Miss Rouhieh
Jones was maid-of-honor. The bride
was given in marriage by Mr. William
H. Hoar and Dr. Frederick VT. Evelyn
was best man.
FOURTH SESSION OF THE BAHAI
CONGRESS.
On the last night of the Congress, Mr.
Howard MacNutt, Chairman, read a
prayer revealed by Abdul-Baha, after
which he said: have reached the
end of our glorious Convention, not con-
vention, but a foretaste of Heaven. In-
vigorated by a new breath of the Spirit
of God, the Holy Spirit has overpowered
me. The bestowals of the Covenant have
descended upon us as upon Zecharias
of old. It has come in proportion to our
unity and even in greater proportion.
The Ho-ly Spirit has descended upon us,
eclipsing self. Heavenly love and unity
have characterized this Convention. By
our spiritual attitude it has descended
upon us as the bounty of God. Vlhat
endless and supernal vision it has lent
us! It is as the marriage of the Lamb
and the Bride, pure and spotless, com-
ing down out of heaven. This love is
the real message and the greatest proof.
Each messenger declares his Divinity
and brilliant souls arise and accept his
Divinity. This Divinity is the source
of his power. In 'the time of the end'
all the Divine messengers merge and
blend. By their fruits they are known.
Today the Bahais speak a new language.
It is not the outer words but the tongue
of the heart. One day Abdul-Baha said
to me, 'You have long been a Bahai
teacher, what is your method?' I re-
plied that I tried to find a point of con-
tact and then to teach. He replied, 'Re-
verse this. Give him the message, flood
him with light, proclaim the Covenant.'
The oneness of humanity runs through
his message. It is the oriflamme of love.
It covers everything. The whole crea-
tion groans, awaiting the liberty of the

