STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
0 thou STAR or "rm: Wasrl
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and voice and fame will be raised
and become at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or rm: Wssr, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of that both in the
East and the West they may become informed of the most important events.
(Signed) Anus.
STAR OF THE WEST FOUNDATION
Northeastern States: Hoornn Hzuznrs.
Western States: HELEN S. GOODALL.
Southern States: Dominion of Canada: MAY MAXWELL.
Central States: ALBERT VAIL, CARL 
Editorial .S'tafi': ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR, Zu. M. Bnemun
Honorary Member: AHMAD Sons.-us 
vo1.11 
Editorial--Merno1-ial to Joseph H. Hannen
"The School of Tarbia-t used to receive
some assistance from the American
friends. Undoubtedly, you have this
matter in mind. If a contribution could
be forwarded through the Convention it
would be very acceptable."
When the above extract from a recent
Tablet to Mirza Ahmad Sohrab Was read
in the Convention many friends arose
to the fulfillment of this suggestion of
Abdul-Baha. As our late brother, o-
seph Hannen, had so faithfully served
this School of Tarbiat in the west, it was
suggested that each of the friends con-
tribute one dollar to a memorial fund to
be sent in the name of Brother Hannen
from the Convention. Those of the
friends who wish to join in this me-
morial may send their dollar to Miss
Nellie Lloyd, 104 Wall Street, New York
City.
George L-atimer.
"Set up this esteemed soul in Thy Glorious Kingdom"
Words of ABDUL-BAHA in eulogy of and supplication for Joseph I-I. Hannen.
RECENT TABLET TO PAULINE HANNEN.
To the beloved daughter, Mrs. Hannen,
Washington, D. C.--Upon her be
El-Abba!
He Is God!
Thou Compassionate Lord!
Thou knowest the magnitude of my
sorrow as I engage in this following sup-
lication. The favored servant of the
Kingdom, Mr. Ha-nnen, that pure and
spotless soul, was the first self-sacrificing
person in the path of the Merciful One.
At night he was restless and during the
day he was untiring. Not a. moment did
he rest and all his lifetime was conse-
crated to the service of the Kingdom.
In the assemblage of Thy friends he was
an active member and in the gathering

