STAR OF THE WEST 103
his servants on this Western continent,
and We realize that this cannot be fully
achieved Without the outer means and
expression of unity. For this reason we
have formulated a plan which will out-
wardly facilitate that great union of the
hearts, and as an expression of devotion
and service in the path of the Center of
the Covenant, so that both materially
and spiritually every Bahai in this coun-
try may be in vital and close contact
with every other Bahai. Abdul-Baha
has summoned all the believers to arise
for this teaching service, and each and
every one must be vitally connected with
this Work. Therefore it has been de-
cided:
That there shall be a Bulletin
issued by the Teaching Committee on the
19th of every month, giving a report of
the various activities of the teachers in
the field all over America and Canada,
as Well as a financial report.
That this Bulletin shall be sent to
every member of the Teaching Committee
and every teacher in the field, as Well as
to the delegates representing the various
assemblies in this Convention; and it
shall be the trust and responsibility of
the delegates, at a specially called meet-
ing in their respective assemblies, if
necessary, to see that the Bulletin is read
and discussed as Widely as possible
among all the purpose be-
ing to share with the friends any and all
information obtainable on the subject of
actual teaching service. If at any time
the friends have suggestions to offer,
they Will be gratefully received. Abdul-
Baha tells us that "from every stand-
point, ways and means for the teaching
of the Cause of God must be prepared.
The question of teaching, like any other
question, is evolutionary and not revolu-
tionary. This matter must become very
plain to everyone, so that all the friends,
like so many spirits in one temple, may
arise in the accomplishment of this great
service."
Through this Bulletin and other co-
operative service, the National Teaching
Committee will gradually become a cen-
tral bureau of classified information to
which all teachers may apply regarding
the needs of any special locality, open-
ings for Work and the character of work
to be done. To Which, likewise, all cen-
ters may turn in the demand for teach-
ers as Well as co-operation in every Way.
This Will include the distribution of lit-
erature to teachers in the field, establish-
ing circulating libraries in every center;
in short, all the glorious Work pertaining
to seed-sowing.
Likewise for the co-operative financ-
ing of this great Work, We have devised
a similar plan, as follows:
It is impossible for every Bahai to
have a vital connection with this great
Work of seed sowing unless it is expressed
on every plane, and We know that every
heart will eagerly respond to this call
just as We are humbly striving to -do.
Some of the believers of God are in a
position to become sustaining members
at the rate of $10.00 per month; others
at $5.00; others at $1.00, and still others
at perhaps less; but, in consultation, We
felt that a fair average among all the
faithful servants would be $1.00 per
month, and that each and every Bahai in
America Would gladly and cheerfully be-
come a sustaining member of the Teach-
ing Unity at that rate.
We are herewith enclosing a Pledge
Card, as a matter of convenience, so that
those wishing to contribute may sign the
same and send it With their contribution
to the National Treasurer who will have
the same recorded, and then forward it
to the Secretary for filing and future
reference.
We hope you will give this matter as
prompt consideration and recognition as
possible, so that the Treasurer may know
definitely about our resources.
All funds will go to the National
Treasurer (Mr. Randall), Who will de-
duct the amount necessary for
the support of the national teachers in
the field; the remaining sum to be divid-
ed equally among the five sections. Each
section Will therefore receive one-fifth of
the amount remaining in the Teaching

