134 STAR OF THE WEST
claws and are warring and fighting with each other. The edifice of man is
shattered. Thousands of families are wandering disconsolate. Thousands of
thousands of souls are besmeared with dust and blood in the arena of battle
and struggle every year, and the tent of happiness and life is overthrown.
The prominent men become commanders and boast of bloodshed, and glory in
destruction. One says: have severed with my sword the necks of a nation,"
and one: have levelled a kingdom to the dust"; and another: have
overthrown the foundation of a government." This is the pivot around which
the pride and glory of mankind are revolving. In all regions friendship and
uprightness are denounced and reconciliation and regard for truth are despised.
The herald of peace, reformation, love and reconciliation is the Religion of the
Blessed Beauty which has pitched its tent on the apex of the world and pro-
claimed its summons to the people.
Then, ye friends of God! Appreciate the value of this precious Revela-
tion, move and act in accordance with it and walk in the straight path and
the right way. Show it to the people. Raise the melody of the Kingdom and
spread abroad the teachings and ordinances of the loving Lord so that the
World may become another world, the darkened earth may become illumined
and the dead body of the people may obtain new life. Every soul may seek
everlasting life through the breath of the Merciful. Life in this mortal
world will quickly come to an end, and this glory, wealth, comfort and
happiness will soon vanish and be no more. Summon ye the people to God and
call the souls to the manners and conduct of the Supreme Concourse. To the
orphans be ye kind fathers, and to the unfortunate a refuge and shelter. To
the poor be a treasure of Wealth, and to the sick a remedy and healing. Be a
helper of every oppressed one, the protector of every destitute one, be ye ever
mindful to serve any soul of mankind. Attach no importance to self-seeking,
rejection, arrogance, oppression and enmity. Heed them not. Deal in the
contrary Way. Be kind in truth, not only in appearance and outwardly. Every
soul of the friends of God must concentrate his mind on this, that he may
manifest the mercy of God and the bounty of the Forgiving One. He must
do good to every soul whom he encounters, and render benefit to him, becoming
the cause of im-proving the morals and correcting the thoughts so that the light
of guidance may shine forth and the bounty of His Holiness the Merciful One
may encompass. Love is light in whatsoever house it may shine and enmity is
darkness in whatsoever abode it dwell.
friends of God! Strive ye so that this darkness may be utterly dispelled
and the Hidden Mystery may be revealed and the realities of things made
evident and manifest.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by: SHOGHI RABBANI,
DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI,
LOTFULLAH HAKIM,
DR. J. E. 
(Haifa, Palestine, December 17, 1919.)

