STAR OF THE WEST 49
tonight from Najafabead, in the pro-
vince of Isphahan, Persia, the same
note is sounded as it was written just
at the time when the armistice bells
were ringing. It expressed the antici-
pation of the friends of God to see
universal peace, as forecast so many
years ago by firmly and
securely established. However, one
thing brought gloom and depression into
this lively and clear atmosphere. One
incident, revealing the still prevailing
grudge and antipathy of the ulemas and
mullahs for the friends of God, was the
cause of grief. A certain friend, buried
with respect and ceremony by his be-
loved and relatives, was disinterred, his
coffin was smashed to pieces, his corpse
was taken out and buried directly with
no wooden case whatever, this being
counter to the creed and law of their
faith. From what may be judged and
inferred, such sad incidents are still pre-
vailing and causing more or less trouble
and complication. One thing is sure,
however, that as the Sun of Truth gains
in splendor and brilliancy, the bats and
owls proportionately double their vain
and fruitless activities until they are as-
sured of their helplessness and incom-
petence.
February 13, 1919.
My dear Ahmad 
The call of Abdul-Baha bidding the
friends of God to arise in one accord,
to fling away the garb of concealment
and to deliver the divine message has
resounded throughout all regions and
has propagated its waves to countries
hitherto the bulwark of conservatism.
The city of Damascus, upon which a
new era has dawned has shaken ofi her
somnolence and, thanks to the activity
of a few enthusiastic friends, has
awakened to the spirit of the new age.
The prominent figure among its friends
has attained the court of Abdul-Baha's
presence and has brought with him
many a good news. When the permission
to visit the holy sites was granted to our
eager visitor, I-laji Mohammed Yazdi
the means of facility were miraculously
provided. Within an exceptionally short
period of time he secured his pass, was
assigned a comfortable and uncrowded
compartment in the train, enjoyed
splendid weather and sunshine all
throughout his travel, the latter lasting
only ten h0urs--~an exceptionally swift
and comfortable journey.
This morning he was ushered into Ab-
dul-Baha's presence and the first thing
he did was to offer a supplication from
an erudite Arab, a native of Medina, an
influential and responsible personage in
Damascus, an authority in the Moslem
creed, who had been attracted and moved
to write to Abdul-Baha as a result of
the interview and discussions with
Sheikh Aliasqae, that seemingly cold,
indifferent and powerless soul. The be-
lievers are stirred with this appeal to
spread the message and to be engaged
in the diffusion of divine fragrances. The
able and well-versed sons of Sheikh
Morad who has had the matchless honor
to visit the Blessed Beauty 
LLAH), are all well and busily engaged
in the furtherance of the Cause of God.
Sheikh Bedreddine and Abdul-Haijh in
Homs, and Sheikh Said, the eldest, in the
function of deputy-assistant of the gov-
ernor of the village of Zabadaneh, not
far from Damascus, are each in their
respective spheres trying to promote the
ideals of the Kingdom.
In short, the news of our dear visitor,
Agha Haji Mohammed Yazdi, was re-
freshing, numerous and significant. With
a smile and a nod of appreciation Abdul-
Baha greeted every bit of news and was
glad to know that a reaction from the
passiveness and inactivity of the past
had set in. "Deliver the divine mes-
sage with prudence and wisdom", was
his recommendation to the teachers who
are serving in these regions. Having
said this he arose, again welcomed our
guest and regained his room to correct

