STAR OF THE WEST 289
Therefore Universal Peace is, in this age, like unto the sun which is the
cause of life to all beings. S0 it is of prime importance and incumbent upon
every individual to strive for this most significant end. Now with oneness of
goal we, I mean ye and we, will strive with all our strength, sacrificing (in this
path) property, life and family.
As ye may no doubt have heard, thousands of souls, (Bahais) have, in
Persia, sacrificed their lives in this path and thousands of homes have under-
gone destruction. Notwithstanding this, we have not yielded to disappoint-
ment. Up to the present, We have been striving and every day We are put-
ting forth a new effort. Why? Because peace-loving is not only one of the
products of the intellect, but also it is a belief based on faith and it is one of
the eternal principles of God. Therefore, we are striving with all our energy,
disregarding our self-interests, rest, comfort and even the management of our
own afiairs of life, because we consider this noble motive as the very founda-
tion of the religions of God. It is a service to the Kingdom of God. It con-
tributes to the attainment of eternal life and is the greatest means for the
entrance into the Kingdom of the Merciful.
Today the advantages of Universal Peace are to mankind well proved
and the disadvantages of war are similarly unquestioned by all. But in this
problem, knowledge alone is not sufficient. An executive force is needed so
that it (Universal Peace) may become established throughout the world. Ye
should be thinking to draw help from some spiritual executive force so that
this lofty ideal may be brought out from the stage of imagination into that
of realization. And it is evident that this most great aspiration cannot be at-
tained through the ordinary emotions. Nay rather, it needs intense spiritual
feelings to turn it from potentiality to actuality.
Almost all the people of the earth know that amiability of character is
praiseworthy and desirable and that badness of character is despised and dis-
tasteful. Similarly do they know that justice and fairness is agreeable and
attractive and cruelty and tyranny abominable and repulsive. Notwithstand-
ing this, all the people, with the exception of a limited number, are lacking
in praiseworthy character and justice.
Therefore, they are in need of a spiritual force and higher sentiments to
improve their character. Our firm belief is that the executive power for this
great problem is the power of the 'Nerd of God and the confirmations of the
Holy Spirit.
We feel great relationship, love and union with ye. With heart and
soul, we are longing for the day when the pavilion of the oneness of the World
of humanity may be pitched in the world and the banner of Universal Peace
may wave upon all horizons. Therefore the oneness of the world of humanity
should be established in order that the edifice of Universal Peace may be
erected.
That honorable Assembly, which is the well-wisher of the world of hu-
manity, is highly honored by all Bahais. Therefore do we ask ye to kindly
accept our highest respects and to keep us always informed of the progress
of Universal Peace in Europe. Constant communication should be carried
on between us.
(Signed) ABBAS.
(Translated by Azizullah Khan S. Bahadur, Haifa, Mount Carmel, Pales-
tine, July 12, 1920.)

