STAR OF THE WEST 45
The Servant of God
Address by ALBERT VAIL, of Chicago, delivered at the Ninth Session of the
Bahai Congress, held in Hotel McAlpin, New York City, Wednesday
evening, April 301.11, 1919
THE doors of the Kingdom are open;
the Sun of Truth is shining upon
the world; the daysprings of mercy have
appeared." What does this mean?
Evidently it means that this little
world in which we live, in the sight
of God is like a tiny ball floating in a
universe of infinitely wonderful light.
In the sight of God, this handful of
dust, the world, is but one home and
all the prayer of the eternal 'world is
that this world may be in unity- Now
when the darkness and the storm spread
over the earth, it seems very dark to us
who are underneath the clouds. But if
we can -rise a little in the altitude of
the spirit and see the Sun of Truth
eternally shining from the heaven of
God 's presence, no cloud which ever
came over the world would be more than
a temporary passing mist.
The God who made this little world
also made all the heavenly and divine
worlds. He evidently has a clear pur-
pose for this world on which we dwell,
and that purpose is that, after the thou-
sands of years of war, it should enter
into a millennium of peace. The world
could have no other meaning than that
this strife and confusion would at last
prepare the hearts of men for the sweet-
ness of the kingdom of universal peace.
Now, when the King begins to send
His light into the world the people catch
only a few rays of the dawning Sun of
Reality as it rises over the horizon of
man 's limitation and breaks through the
clouds of his suspicion, his ignorance
and his prejudice. The first few rays
in this new day, are the desire for a
League of Nations, the longing for de-
mocracy; the prayer for woman 's suf-
frage, for equality between men and
Women, the longing for universal edu-
cation, for science, for civilization, for
Stenographically reported.
new arts, that great yearning that
touches the hearts of all men all over
the world and, stirring in their hearts,
tells them that the new day is here, the
divine world is breaking into the human
world.
What we want to know is the next
step toward the realization of this uni-
versal prayer. Is there a soul on this
globe today who is not praying in his
heart for the dawn of the Most Great
Peace amongst the nations? How
can it be brought about? That is the
one problem around which all other
problems revolve. Politically, the
League of Nations is the first great step.
We need a society of nations, a democ-
racy of the world. We also need
woman's suffrage so that women, tender,
loving and intuitive, may more com-
pletely direct the operations of the na-
tion. But the fundamental problem
goes deeper than any political, demo-
cratic, economic or educational organ-
ization. Abdul-Baha in his classic story
has. put the world situation like this:
He says that the governments of the
world are much in the state of three
men who Went out sailing in a boat.
One was a Christian, one was a Moham-
medan and one was a Jew. The Mo-
hammedan bowed down as a storm ap-
proached over the water and he said,
Allah, drown in the depths of the
water this infidel of a Christian." The
Christian said, God, sink in the
depths of the sea this infidel of a Mo-
hammedan." The Jew remained silent.
They said, "Are you not praying in this
moment of calamity?" He replied, "Oh
yes, I was praying that both of your
prayers might be answered.' (Laugh-
ter.)
That is the world situation which we
need to transform today. That is the

