10 STAR OF THE TVEST
leges. This is a leaf
which the breezes of the will 0-f thy Lord
the Mighty, the Extolled, have stirred.
Can it be still when the rushing winds
blow? Verily, I was not save as one
dead in the presence of His command,
the hand of thy Lord, the Merciful,
turning me." The inspiration was so
rapid, perfect, glorious, that sometimes
he wrote in a night a book of a hundred
or two hundred pages, each sentence as
beautiful as though infinite pains had
been spent upon its literary perfection.
In 1873 he wrote to the Emperor of
Germany: "Remember! "Where is he
who was greater than thou and of more
honor and dignity (Napoleon and
where are his possessions'? Awake, and
be not of those who sleep. Consider his
condition and remember those who in
past times subdued the countries and
governed the people. Verily, God hath
made them descend from palaces to
graves." banks of the River Rhine!
We have seen ye drenched in gore, be-
cause the swords of retribution were
drawn against ye; and ye shall have an-
other trouble. And we hear the lamen-
tation of Berlin, though it be today in
manifest glory."
For the next fifty years 
and Abdul-Baha foretold the coming of
the great universal war, when a spark
left over from the Balkans would ignite
the arsenals of all Europe and would
produce the greatest corrtlagration in
human history. In fact, 
prophesied one long succession of his-
torical events. He also foretold, nine-
teen years before it ca-me to pass in
1892, the year of his ascension into the
heavenly world.
Abdul-Baha, his son and successor in
spiritual guidance and servitude to the
new cycle, possesses the same marvelous
gifts. Continually has
sent him messages from the unseen
world, and also a perfect glory of spir-
itual light which has made him cele-
brated through Western Asia for knowl-
edge and divine illumination. Scholars
and sages of many sects and religions
have journeyed to his prison door to
hear his wonderful inspiration and his
forecasts of the new world-order of uni-
versal brotherhood, spiritual illumina-
tion and the most great peace.
When the prison doors of Acca were
opened in 1908 by the revolution of the
Young Turks, Abdul-Baha came forth
from fifty-four years of prison and exile.
His face was furrowed with the lines of
humanity's sorrows, yet radiant with
universal love; his hair and beard were
silver white, but his step majestic and
with the vigor of eternal youth;
his voice was melodious with the melody
of the heavenly worlds where his spirit
had dwelt in glory. When he visited
Europe and America in 1911 and 1912,
his message was found to be so modern,
so prophetic of the new age, so bril-
liantly stated, so luminous with the Holy
Spirit, that he was immediately asked
to speak in the great City Temple, Lon-
don, and at St. John 's Vilestminster, and
in a lo-ng succession of churches, syna-
gogues, peace societies, universities,
meetings for progressive religion. For
three years he traveled, giving public
addresses and receiving hundreds of
callers daily. In all his addresses he
proclaimed the foundation principles of
the new Jerusalem, the universal city of
God which he and his father, 
LLAH had, with their pure spiritual
vision, seen descending from the heavens
of light into this world of confusion, a
glorious Sun of Truth with healing on
its wings for all the nations and also
light to flood the world with new knowl-
edge, new physical and heavenly
sciences, a new hope, a new love, a new
and holy power.
"Praise be to God," says Abdul-Baha
in a letter to the Asiatic Q-uarterZ;y of
London, England, "that the Sun of
Reality has shone forth with the utmost
brilliancy from the eastern horizon.
The regions of the world are flooded
with its glorious light. There are many
rays to this Sun:

