STAR OF THE WEST 55
The Servant of God
(Continued from page 4-7]
Holy Spirit manifest. When -We visited
Abdul-Baha in Chicago and he met us
there with all the freshness and joy of
this eternal morning shining through his
human spirit in its brightness and its
beauty, and our hearts were thrilled
with the consciousness that here was one
who saw God face to face, nay, that
made God's love manifest right in our
midst. And he said to us, "You know
it doesn't make any difference What hap-
pens to one in the physical world. I
was a prisoner in a Turkish prison for
forty years." Then he told us how he
slept upon the ground or upon the stone
floor, how he was starved and chained
andput into dungeons. "And yet," he
said, "every day when I awoke in the
morning I praised God that another day
was before me in which I could serve
Him in I-Iis prison. And every night
when I lay down on the stone floor of
the prison I thanked God that He had
allowed me to serve His Kingdom one
more day in His prison."
Then Abdul-Baha, turning to us with
a light in his face and a joy that Was
almost overwhelmingly beautiful said,
Was' in prison for forty years, and
every day was a day of perfect joy."
As he. said. "joy" his spirit shone so
bright that in our hearts we thought we
had never before known What joy and
happiness meant. The people who were
in the room said, "Isn't it amazing;
when we are talking here with this Ser-
vant of God, all we can think of is God;
we do 11ot even see Abdul-Baha." And
one Woman said: do not even know
he is here; all I see is the Spirit of
God shining diamond." 'When she went away she did
not think anything about Abdul-Baha
the human personality; all she knew Was
that for one-half hour she had been in
the presence of the eternal World.
Like a door into the Kingdom was
Abdul-Baha, transmitting the light of
eternity. As she left his presence she
said for the first time in her life she
knew that God was King, and that there
was no God but the God of this uni-
verse, and We could trust our lives to
Him, our fortunes to Him, everything
to Him because God is the Reality of
realities.
"What Abdul-Baha brings to us is this
consciousness of God. Some people are
troubled about the thought of his per-
sonality. Those who see Abdul-Baha's
spirit' cannot understand Why they are
troubled, for they never see his person-
ality as a limitation. It is just a mirror
reflecting the light, and the light of
God's presence shines so beautifully that
after a While they do not even see the
mirror. They see only the light which
is the Sun of Truth shining into this
World, made manifest through this hu-
man Manifestation.
This, then, is the station of servitude
and this is the station also of trans-
figuration. "He took the form of a
servant: Wherefore God highly exalted
him, and gave him a Name that is above
every name." That is the way in which
this Manifestation comes into the World
today. The Wonderful thing, however,
is this, that when we see the great Ser-
vant of God, the perfect One, then We
are inspired with a new and irresistible
power to Walk in" his pathway. Abdul-
Baha with the sweetest humility can say,
"Look at me; be as I am; take no
thought for yourself, What ye shall eat
or what ye shall drink, Whether ye shall
sleep, whether ye are comfortable,
whether ye are with friends or foes,
Whether ye receive praise or blame; for
all these things must ye care not at all.
Look shall
ye die, to yourself and to the world, and
be born again into the Kingdom of
God."

