210 STAR OF
of a martyr, who was left with two
young children to support. She pro-
Vided for them by knitting socks; the
proceeds from one sock she used for
their support, and what she received for
the other sock was her glad offering
toward the Mashrekol-Azkar. Abdul-
Baha then said, "It is this spirit which
will build the Temple." Just recently
an offering was received from one of
those wonderful American sisters, who
for years has been devoting her life to
the Bahai Cause in Teheran, Persia.
Within a few weeks, Jenabe Fazel Ma-
zandarani contributed $100 of his own
money.
During the race riots in Chicago,
about a year ago, some dozen homes
were bombed, among them being the
home of a colored woman. In speak-
ing of the incident to Abdul-Baha, he
remarked what is the bombing of a few
houses! When I was in America I told
the people there would be bloodshed. Of
what importance is bloodshed! Indeed,
if heed is not given to these matters now,
even America may reap serious conse-
quences.
Some one commented on the fact that
in various assemblies there were differ-
ences between the friends, in some in-
stances so acute that it even retarded
the progress of the Cause, to which
Abdul-Baha replied, "The firmer a be-
liever becomes, the less difliculty his
opinions make."
The borings for the Temple at Cl1i-
cago have now been made and rock was
found at a depth of 121 feet. This is
most fortunate as it will greatly sim-
plify the work and save in expense.
With this information, detailed building
plans are being worked 0-ut for active
construction to begin in the early spring
of 1921. Materials and labor are high.
Our dollar of two or three years ago
purchases but fifty cents' worth now.
Are we willing to let this matter
drag"! The woman who knit the socks
gave half of what she possessed. We
have believed and sometimes stated that
THE WEST
there were several thousand Bahais in
America. If this is true and the Bahais
who understand what giving really
means, were to solidly unite and partake
of the bounty which is in this great day
ours, and would send even one-nine-
teenth of what We possess, it would truly
be a step forward, and show that we had
begun to awake from our lethargy, and
if great troubles should come to our
country, we will have done something
when We could and will have raised a
beacon in the form of a Mashrekol-
Azkar, to which all the sad and op-
pressed may turn.
I close by sending greetings to all the
friends and give an extract from a Tab-
let from Abdul-Baha recently received
by me: hope the friends will give the
utmost importance to the Mashrekol-
Azkar. A cablegram from Mr. Randall
has lately been received, indicating that
they will begin its construction. Through
this news I became immensely delighted.
The American friends are greatly en-
deared. Therefore I desire that they
may be confirmed to do great achieve-
ments and become the factors of the es-
tablishment of the Kingdom of God. All
the people of the world are, as thou ob-
servest, in the sleep of negligence. They
have forgotten God altogether. They are
all busy in war and strife. They are
undergoing misery and destruction.
They are like unto loathsome worms try-
ing to lodge in the depth of the ground,
while a single flood of rain sweeps all
their nest and lodging away. Neverthe-
less they do not come to their senses.
Where is the majesty of the Emperor
of Russia! Where is the might of the
German Emperor! Where is the great-
ness of the Emperor of Austria! In a
short time all these palaces were turned
into ruins and all these pretentious edi-
fices (empires) underwent destruction.
They left no fruit and no trace save
eternal ruin."
Sincerely your brother,
Roy O. Wilhelm.

