STAR OF THE WEST 157
of teaching. That is the best Way to
spread the teachings. The Bahais liv-
ing in a town and understanding the
conditions there, are in a better posi-
tion to know how to spread the Cause
than would a stranger coming to the
town. The plan should, therefore, be
drawn by the Bahais of the town and
should be carried out by the teacher.
That is the Way meetings and sub-
meetings are held in the East. If you
have Spiritual Meetings like those in
the East, it will be Very advantageous
to you and it will also be beneficial to
have a committee of teaching. I hope
that ere long you will have Spiritual
Meetings everywhere, so that wherever
We go We will find the plans have been
made and We can proceed with our work.
MR. LUNT: I think in the minds of
many there has been a doubt as to just'
what is int.ended by the term "Spiritual
Meeting" as used by our brother Jenabi
Fazel, and With his permission I Want
to ask a question as to What qualifica-
tions, in the Orient, are required of
those believers who elect What We call
the House of Spirituality.
JENABI FAZEL: The House of Spirit-
uality is the same as the Spiritual Meet-
ing. That. is the mode of procedure in
Persia. You can do likewise. In every
town of Persia they have a House of
Spirituality, or a Spiritual House or a
Spiritual Meeting, which are all the
same. The members of the Spiritual
Meeting are elected by the Bahais, those
receiving the majority of votes being
elected. The Bahais elect certain ones
of their own number and those elected
become electors who choose the House of
Spirituality. These are the condi-
tions for choosing the House of Spirit-
uality. There are numerous Tab-
lets on this subject and one of the con-
ditions is that the Bahais chosen as mem-
bers of the House of Spirituality should
be firm in the Covenant and Well known
for their steadfastness; that is to say,
those who are sincere and are well known
to the others. After such members have
been chosen, they proceed according to
a plan determined by Abdul-Baha as
to What they should do. For instance,
they should consult about teaching. The
assemblies that the teachers are to visit
should communicate with them and they
should be consulted beforehand. They
should consult how to spread the Bahai
literature and every step taken must be
a matter of consultation. Of course,
everything cannot be discussed at the
meetings of the House of Spirituality.
There should be sub-committees to do
the Work. One of the committees is the
committee of teaching. The only subject
discussed at these meetings is how to pro-
mote the Cause. These teachers should
not sacrifice all of their time in teaching.
If it is necessary to do that, the Work
should be divided among different ones,
so that only a part of their time Will be
required in teaching. These teachers are
versed in the prophetical books, can make
a good address and can afiord to spend
part of their time at these meetings.
A teacher is sent to every one of these
meetings, in Whatever place or home it
is held, he being informed beforehand
What meeting he is to attend and the
appointed time, and the Bahais invite
their friends to these meetings of teach-
ing. The subject is chosen and the
teacher goes to the meeting and gives
his lecture. The teacher informs the
teaching committee and the latter re-
ports to the House of Spirituality. Those
who were invited, who have read the
words and have been impressed by the
teacher, are invited to other meetings
Where they are given more information
and a deeper insight into the teachings.
That is the Way the Bahais in Persia
have their sub-committees Work. If you
think it feasible, it would be very good
to select nine members to look after such
or more, twice as many
as nine does not matter. They should
have full authority and should hold a
meeting of consultation at least once a

