306 STAR OF THE WEST
International Language
(Continued from page 303)
the countries of the East will be enabled
to acquire the sciences of the West in no
time, because they will be able to read
these books and comprehend their mean-
ing; and the Western nations will be
enabled to acquire the thoughts and
ideas of the East, and through this they
Will b-e enabled to improve their condi-
tion. In short, on account of the estab-
lishment of this international language,
the World of humanity will become an-
other World; extraordinary progress will
be attained. Take, for example, a fam-
ily in which the various members speak
each a different language; how difficult
it is for them to convey their thoughts
to one another, and how great and won-
derful it is when they are able easily to
understand one another's thoughts. For
if they know one another's language,
they will go on very rapidly; there is no
doubt Whatever about this. Therefore
it is our hope that the Esperanto lan-
guage Will spread universally before
long, that it may be promulgated in all
the countries, so that all the people may
live together in the spirit of amity and
love.
ambau povos plibonigi sian staton.
Mallonge, pro la starigo dc ea tiu in-
ternacia lingvo, la mondo de la homaro
farigos alia mondo, kaj eksterordinara
estos gia progreso. Ekzemple, pripensu
pri familio, kies diversaj membroj paro-
las diversajn lingvojn kiel Inalfacile
estas por ili komuniki siajn pensojn unu
al alia, kaj kiel mirinde estas, kiam ili
povas facile kompreni reciproke siajn
pensojn. Oar, se ili scias la lingvojn
de la aliaj, ili progresos rapide. Do es-
tas nia espero, ke la lingvo Esperanto
disvastigos post ne longe tra la tuta
mondo, por kc ciuj popoloj povu vivi
kune en la spirito dc ainikeco kaj amo.
Tablets to Bahais in America received in 1919 and 1920
JAMES MORTON, JR.
Through Mr. Wilhelm to Mr. James
Morton, Jr., New York City--Upon
him be the Glory of God, the Most
Glorious!
He Is God!
thou firm in the Covenant!
As to thy attendance at the Esperanto
Congress at the Hague in the month of
August, it is very advisable. Thou
shouldst show utmost eficiency thereat,
in order to spread the divine teachings,
one of which is the oneness of language;
and thence thou shouldst proceed to the
desired land (Haifa and Acca). Then
from here thou shouldst hasten to Per-
sia, and return to America, Where thou
shouldst give lectures, explain what thou
hast experienced and give the glad tid-
ings of the greatness of the Cause of
God.
Upon thee be the Glory of the Most
Glorious!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA ABBAS.
(Translated by Azizullah S. Bahadur,
March 27, 1920, Haifa.)
-- 
MARIE WATSON
To the maid-servant of God, Mrs. Marie
Watson--Upon her he 
El-Abha!
He Is God!
thou Herald of the Covenant!
Thy detailed letters have been re-

