STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE West'!
Be thou llappyl Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and voice and fame will be raised
and become at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
if (Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE WEsr, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promul gator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the West they may become informed of the most important events.
(Signed) Anus.
STAR OF THE WEST FOUNDATION
Northeastern States: HOOPER HARRIS.
Western States: HELEN S. GOODALL.
Southern States: of Canada: MAY MAXWELL.
Central States: ALBERT VAIL, CARL SCI-IEFFLER.
Editorial tafl' ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE ZIA M. Bscnam
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD Sonn.-an
Vol. 11 fil\/lulk 1, 76 (February 7, 1921) i No. 18
"This Question of an Auxiliary International Language is
of the utmost importance."
Message of ABDUL-BAHA to Esperantists, Vllashington, D. C., April, 1912.
"Today the greatest need of the world
of humanity is for the discontinuance
of the existent misunderstandings
amongst nations, and that can be brought
about through the unity of language.
Unless unity of languages is realized, the
Most Great Peace, and the unity of the
human world in a binding manner, can-
not be accomplished and established.
For the function of language is to por-
tray the mysteries and secrets of the
human hearts. The heart may be likened
unto a box, and language to the key.
\Ve can open the box only through the
key, and observe the gems contained in
that box. Therefore, this question of an
auxiliary international language is of the
utmost importance. Men can be trained
and educated internationally through
this language. They can acquire the evi-
dence of past history and ages through
language. The spread of the known
facts of the human world depends upon
language. The explanation of divine
teachings can only be brought about
through language. Because of the diver-
sities of languages, and the lack of hu-
man comprehension of the languages of
each other's nationalities, these glorious
aims cannot be realized. Therefore, the
very foremost service to the world of
man is to establish an auxiliary interna-
tional language. It Will become the
cause of the tranquillity of the common-
wealth of man. It will become the cause
of the spread of sciences and arts
amongst the nations of the world. It
will be the cause of the progress and de-
velopment; of all the races. Therefore we
must with all our powers make an effort
so that we may establish an interna-
tional auxiliary language amongst the
nations and races of the world."

