162 STAR OF THE WEST
At all events, ye friends of God, the tests are verily severe.
It needs a heavenly power so that man may remain firm.
Convey, on my behalf, longing greetings to all the friends of God, one
by one.
I intended to go to Chicago by way of the Pacific Ocean, but obstacles
appeared, so (at present.) I have given up the idea, Waiting to see what the
will of God will be and what confirmation His Holiness bestoweth.
Upon ye be the Glory of Abha!
(_Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Mirza Azizullah Khan S. Bahadur, Mount Carmel, Pales-
tine, August lst, 1920.)
Recent Tablet to the Women's Assembly, Teheran
Through his honor the pilgrim Sobhie
and his honor Mirza Ahmed Yazdani
them he El-
the attracted leaves, teach-
ers of the Women's Assembly--Upon
them he El-Abha!
He Is God!
fragrant leaves of the Assembly of
Teaching!
Endeavor until royal teaching comes
from the powerful King. Speak elo-
quent words until the promise of service
to the Kingdom of Abha appears. Sup-
plicate at the Threshold of the Blessed
Perfection until the signs of the Most
High appear. Make the ear attentive
to the Supreme Apex until ye hear the
melody of the Kingdom of Abha!
Make the heart pure and spiritual
until from it radiates the illumination
of the Word of God; and devote thy'-
selves to the Work and action which will
be the cause of the awakening and edu-
cation of the people.
This magnetic period of existence is
the cause of the progress of divine in-
struction. The instruction of the An-
cient Beauty, which is the of
ascent to the condition of the World
and the favor of ascent to the. world
of the Kingdom, must be made to flow.
Then endeavor, take no rest, be occu-
pied with service to the Holy Thres11-
hold, and this is teaching the Cause of
God and divine instruction.
The hope is that ye may be aided and
prospered.
Upon ye be El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated April 28, 1920, Teheran,
Persia, by Amatola'llah (Dr. Susan I.
Moody) revealed 14 Safar 1338, Haifa,
Palestine.)
Letter from Isabella D. Bm'ttingha.m
To the STAR or THE WEST:
With greatest joy I am mailing to
you a photograph from Teheran.
Many original photos I am planning
to file in the archives in Chicago. To
the next generation they will be more
precious than millions of jewels. We
little realize all we now have in the
Word and in the lives of its servants.
Twenty centuries ago there were only a
few pages, recorded from memory, from
the day of esus--and no other authen-
tic treasures!
This photograph was mailed from Te-
heran the middle of April with a let-
ter from my niece. It came in about two
months.
I have a later letter enclosing a Tab-
let revealed for the Women's Assem-
bly of Teaching with Dr. Moody's
translation, which I send herewith.
My niece states in this last letter,
which is dated May 10, 1920, concern-
ing the Teheran work:
"The women are alive about teaching.
They have fourteen different places for

