STAR OF THE WEST 287
principles of which is the necessity of
creating an auxiliary language, and he
makes clear the good and profit which
will come because of its use. Now let us
thank the Lord because this language,
Esperanto, has been created. \Ve, there-
fore, have commanded all Bahais in the
East to study this language very care-
f_ully, and ere long it will be spread
through the entire East. I also beg of
you all, Esperantists and non-Esperan-
tists, to Work energetically for the
spread of this language, for it will
hasten the coming' of that day, that
millennial day, foretold by prophets and
seers, in which it is said that the Wolf
and the lamb shall drink from the same
fountain, the lion and the deer shall feed
in the same pasture. The meaning of
this holy Writing is that hostile races,
warring nations and differing religions
shall become united in the spirit of love,
and Will become bound together, one
With the other."
While on a visit at Clifton, Englaacl,
amtary 16th, 1913, Abdul-Baha ad-
dressed a meeting there, daring which
he said.'
"The tenth principle is the establish-
ment of a universal language so that We
will not have to acquire so many lan-
guages in the future. In schools they
will study two, the mother tongue and
the international auxiliary language.
The use of an international auxiliary
language Will become a great means of
dispelling the differences between na-
tions."
Address by Abdul-B aha at the Esper-
anto Banquet, given at Hotel Mocterae
in Paris, France, February 12th, 1913':
"In the human World there are tvsio
kinds of undertakings, universal and
particular. The result of every univer-
sal undertaking is infinite, and the out-
come of every particular undertaking is
finite. In this age all the human prob-
lems which create a general interest are
universal and their results are likewise
universal, for humanity has become in-
terdependent. Today international laws
have great influence, international poli-
cies are bringing nations nearer to one
another. Therefore it is a general axiom
that in the human World every universal
affair commands attention, and its re-
sults and benefits are limitless; therefore
let us say that every universal cause is
divine and every special matter is hu-
man. For instance, the universal light
is from the sun, therefore it is divine.
Special light which is electric and which
has illumined this banquet hall is
through the invention of man. By this I
mean that all the affairs in the World of
humanity which are trying to establish
solidarity between nations and infuse
the spirit of universalism in the hearts
are divine. Consequently We can say
that the international auxiliary lan-
guage is one of the greatest virtues of
the World of humanity, for such an in-
strument Will remove misunderstandings
from amongst the people, and Will ce-
ment their hearts together. The univer-
sal auxiliary language will be the means
for each individual in the World of hu-
manity to become enabled to be informed
of the scientific accomplishments of all
his fellow men.
"The basis of knowledge and the ex-
cellencies of the World are to teach and
be taught. To acquire sciences, and to
teach them in turn, depends on language;
therefore, when the international auxili-
ary language becomes universal, it is
easily conceivable that the acquirement
of knowledge and instruction Will like-
Wise become universal.
"No doubt you are aware that in the
past ages a common language shared by
various nations created a spirit of in-
terdependence and solidarity among
them. For instance, one thousand three
hundred years ago there Were very many
divergent nationalities in the Orient.
There Were Oopts in Egypt, Syrians in
Syria, Assyrians in Musel, Babylonians
in Bagdad along the river Mesopotamia.
There existed between these nations di-
(Continued on page 290)

