Z86 STAR OF
daily communication With each other.
At no previous Manifestation could the
whole World be united, for during the
day of Moses, Jesus and Mohammad the
Western continents of North and South
America had not yet been discovered.
VVhen the people of the world unite in
this great idea, set aside their own wills
for the Will of God (throughout the
ages), the Divine Master will prevail
and the world become the Paradise of
Union, Love and Service, the brother-
hood of man will be realized in the fath-
erhood of God, the Covenant to Abra-
THE WEST
ham will have been fulfilled, the great
underlying wave will have reached the
surface.
Such was the great idea left with us
by this pure-hearted, charming soul of
the desert, and I think you will agree
with us in the thought We expressed at
the time We listened to him--that in his
heart the desert had blossomed as a rose.
This and kindred thoughts were in our
minds on this pleasant evening, meeting
with such a delightful personality and
listening to such a wonderful story.
The Bahai Movement and Esperanto
Words of and ABDUL-BAHA, compiled by Jeanne Bolles.
Sixth Ishrak is concerning union
and harmony among servants (man-
kind). Through union the regions of
the world have ever been illuminated
with the light of the (Divine) Cause.
The greatest means (for this end) is
that the peoples should be familiar with
each other's writing and language.
"We have formerly commanded, in
the Tablets, that the trustees of the
House of Justice must select one tongue
out of the present languages, or a new
language, and likewise select one among
the various writings and teach them to
the children in the schools of the world,
so that the whole world may thereby be
considered as one native land and one
part.
"The most splendid fruit of the Tree
of Knowledge is this exalted Word: Ye
are all fruits of one tree and leaves of
one branch.
"Glory is not his who loves his own
country, but glory is his who loves his
kind.
"In this connection we have formerly
revealed that which is the means for the
prosperity of the world and the unifica-
tion of nations. 'Blessed are those who
attain! Blessed are those who prac-
tice!' 
(Extract from the Tablet of Ishrahat
(Effulgences) by revealed
in Acca more than 40' years ago.)
ESPERANTO
In Sept. 1901:
Abdul-Baha said to some pilgrims,
"The differences between this Revelation
and that of Jesus Christ are, that in this
cycle all the inhabitants of the world
will be gathered into one nation; univer-
sal peace will prevail, bloodshed and war
will cease; there will be a universal lan-
guage; union and harmony will reach its
highest state."
In December, 1912, Abdul-Baha said:
"All through America I have encour-
aged the Bahais to study Esperanto and
to the extent of my ability I will strive
in its spread and promotion."
Extract from an address by Abdul-
Baha on International Language, given
in Edinburgh, Scotland, an/nary 7th,
1913, under the auspices of the Edin-
burgh Esperanto Society, during which
he said':
"His Holiness many
years ago, wrote a book called The Most
Holy Booh, one of the fundamental

