STAR OF THE WEST 211
A Bahai Pilgrimage to South America
(Continued from page 207)
it was explained, they were deeply im-
pressed. The doctor and their friends,
Mrs. Maria Hersch, of Alsace-Lorraine,
took Miss Root that afternoon to a Theo-
sophical hall, where arrangements were
made for her to address that society in
Spanish, through an interpreter, the
next Sunday afternoon. All conversa-
tion with the doctor and the Theosoph-
ists was in French, as he does not speak
Spanish nor they English. Dr. Vargas
also arranged for her to meet another
group of Theosophists in his home Mon-
day night. Mrs. Maria Hersch, who
speaks English well, interpreted.
The doctor saw that Miss Root was
properly introduced to the Spanish
newspaper and magazine editors. His
friend, a magazine editor, took her to
the journals. One paper, La Prensa,
is one of the largest world newspapers.
No other newspaper anywhere is housed
so palatially. It is one of the two most
powerful and admirable organs in South
America. Judged by its advertisement
spaces it stands on a level with the first
of London publications. Its advertising
rates are high so it can do things un-
dreamed by our papers. Its building,
in addition to the splendid plant, con-
tains also a concert hall, lecture rooms,
reading rooms, baths, cafes, music rooms,
apartments where visitors are enter-
tained, a. free dispensary for those who
are too poor to pay for a physician and
the Services of a lawyer are furnished
free.
Another paper visited, almost of
equally high rank, was the Nacion, fa-
mous for its literary articles and said
to be the most independent paper in
South America. The Camus Caretas,
whose editor took Miss Root to call upon
the director of the Naeion, is said by
Argentina authorities to be one of the
best magazine publications in all South
America. The visits to newspaper of-
fices were made during two days of tor-
rential, unceasing downpour of rain.
The magazine editor offered to go to
the Italian newspapers and magazines
in Buenos Aires--there were none that
did not use a Bahai article sometime
during the two weeks. The Herald had
an article each day and several papers
sent reporters to each lecture.
Mrs. C. G. de Bischoff, a normal
school teacher and translator, who had
heard of the Bahai Cause and had at-
tended a Bahai meeting when visiting
New York, gave her days and nights
to interpreting for Miss Root. She ar-
ranged for an address before the Wo-
man's Club of Short Story Writers at
the Phoenix Hotel, Thursday morning.
The owner of the hotel offered a hall and
himself paid its rental for a talk Satur-
day evening on "The Economic Solu-
tion of World Problems through the Ba-
hai Revelation." The only advertise-
ment of this meeting was through the
newspapers. It was attended by a most
cosmopolitan audience, representing al-
most every country and religion. Three
magazine editors were present, three re-
porters, several heads of world firms
and teachers from normal schools. Al-
most every man in the audience had a
clipping of the Bahai principles in his
pocket. The whole event showed that
the trend of thought in Argentina is to-
wards spiritual freedom.
Wednesday evening, Miss Root ad-
dressed the Esperantists. They have a
membership of 400, with two corre-
spondence schools for the provinces.
Their magazine, Argentina, Esperan-
tisto, is using an article on the Bahai
Cause.
Thursday evening, Dr. and Mrs. Var-
gas gave a dinner for Miss Root and
later at a Theosophical meeting in their
home, they read aloud the Bahai prin-
ciples in Spanish. A celebrated New
York inventor, a guest at the dinner,
said in an aside to her, have traveled
up and down South America and I as-

