  
"All men are of one race and the whole universe one land"
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAI-IA TO CHARLES MASON REMEY.
To his honor, Mr. Remey, Washington,
D. C.--Upon him be 
E1-Abha!
He Is God!
thou son of the Kingdom!
Thy letter was received. Its contents
were in the utmost sweetness, for it was
indicative that with the utmost power
thou hast arisen in order to link to-
gether the hearts of souls that are in
America with those who are in Europe.
This is of utmost importance, for the
first divine teaching is that communi-
ties must be freed from racial, political
and even patriotic prejudice, that all
men are of one race and the whole uni-
verse one land. Consider how unwise
and short-sighted are the leaders, the
politicians and the philosophers of the
present age! The American continent
and Europe, that is, Germany and
France, are a small portion of the ter-
restrial globe. What is the importance
of this globe ?--for it commands no im-
portance when compared to these infin-
ite bodies that abound in this limitless
space; it is like unto an insignificant
spot on the surface of the wide ocean.
No importance should be attached to the
terrestrial globe, how much less to one
of the countries of the globe. The in-
habitants of countries are so immersed
in their imaginations that they have
carved for themselves statues of imagi-
nation, which they worship, when actu-
ally they are naught but fantastic
images, yet in spite of that they are
worshipped by everyone. How heedless,
unintelligent and unwise are the leaders
and philosophers of today!
In short, the divine teachings consti-
tute the unicolored pavilion of the one-
ness of the world of humanity. All the
peoples of the world shall not attain
unto rest except under its shadow, and
in accordance with these teachings, the
Turk as well as the Tagik, the European
as well as the American, the Asiatic as
well as the African--all shall rest under
the shadow of this pavilion. The friends
of God must therefore deal with all the
communities of the world with the ut-
most truthfulness and friendship with-
out any distinction of race, so that all
may embrace one another and with the
utmost harmony and love may engage
in the glorification of the Lord of the
Kingdom.
I have delivered an address at the
university of the colored men at Wash-
ington on the subject of the colored and
the white. Refer to it and act accord-
ingly.
In brief, I am greatly pleased with
thy conduct and thy behavior. Praise
be to God, thou are freed from these
limitations and imaginations, hast no
purpose save the diffusion of the divine
fragrances and art ever restless and ac-
tive. Thou art day and night striving
to hoist the resplendent banner and to
cause the shining morn to illumine all
regions. From the Abha Kingdom I
ever beg confirmation for thee, for with-
out it the smallest things cannot be per-
formed, how much less this important
question.
Convey on my behalf to all the friends
of God, greeting.
Upon thee be Baha-El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Asms.
(Haifa, Palestine, October 11, 1919.)
 

