70 STAR OF THE WEST
bright day is coming. The nucleus of
the new race is forming. The harbinger
of the new ideals of international jus-
tice is appearing. The trees of hope will
become verdant. The copper of scorn
and derision will be transmuted into the
gold of honor and praise. The arid
desert of ignorance will be transmuted
into the luxuriant garden of knowledge.
The threatenin.g clouds shall be dis-
pelled and the stars of faith and charity
will again twinkle in the clear heaven
of human consciousness.' 
Mr. Albert R. Vail, quoting Abdul-
Baha, said: 'Every call will become
weak except the call of the Kingdom.'
Dr. Grant has presented two kinds of
religion, live religion and dead religion.
Pure religion always enters the life of
man. Pure religion dispels superstition,
hatred and prejudice. The Light of
Christ dispelled the darkness of dog-
mas and the materialism of philosophy.
What would happen to us if we at-
tempted to start a religion'! Could we
endure the sacrifices and sufferings'!
There arise for this those marvelous be-
ings whom we call the Prophets of God.
"The whole trouble of the economic
problem is selfishness. Love is required
to dispel this condition. This is im-
possible without the Holy Spirit. The
early Christians were very good Social-
ists. lf there were a new power in the
world to change the hearts of the cap-
tains of industry as well as the labor
leaders, what a transformation there
would be in industry!
"You cannot abolish war by human
politics. Let us turn from this to a
scene in the Holy Land. Listen to
Abdul-Baha. Study his method for con-
structing humanity. The human world
is one of selfishness, limitations, narrow-
ness. The Divine World is universal and
loving. People of all religions pour in
to receive the wisdom and guidance of
Abdul-Baha, in whom is the power of
love. Abdul-Baha says, the time will
come when the German will say, am
a Frenchman!' and the Frenchman will
say am a German!'
"When the league of nations will be
free all nations will be as one. The
covenant of nations is very weak, but
the Covenant of God is very mighty.
Abolish prejudice! Make women free!
Transform the earth! The kings of the
earth are but figureheads today. The
real Sovereign is God. Abdul-Baha is
the great collective Center in whom
everything good in all the world is
found. Behold the transforming power
of the Word of God. 'The Holy Spirit
makes all things new!' 
A song by Mrs. Maud Gaudreaux
closed this session-.
SECOND SESSION OF THE
CONVENTION.
During the second day 's session of
the Covention the fire of unity was in-
creased by the arrival of two Persians
from the Orient. Their presence
brought great illumination and cheer.
enabi Eazel Mazandarani spoke, his
words being translated from the Per-
sian by his young companion, Manucher
Khan: "We are very glad to see
you. Our hearts are pleased. There is
such ecstasy and longing that beyond it
nothing can be imagined. So vast is
the distance between East and West that
unity and harmony in the Cause alone
caused our meeting. The Holy Mani-
festations establish love and unity. See
what love and unity this Cause has
brought about even in a short time. It
is the grace and bounty of the Master.
Vile do not deserve it. left Haifa
two months ago. There were many ob-
stacles in the way of our coming. They
were overcome by the invisible bounty.
Praise be to God, that it is the time of
Rizwan. It is the greatest Feast for the
Greatest Manifestation. It is the time
of unity between East and West, and of
consultation to spread the divine fra-
grances. This is the time when all spir-
itual things are renewed. The Cause is

