204 STAR OF THE WEST
MASHREKOL-AZKAR GROUNDS, SEPTEMBER 23, 1920
toward building the first Mashrekol-
Azkar of America. All the members
were 'present except Dr. D'Evelyn of
California and Mrs. Maxwell of Can-
ada, and the important work was for-
mally undertaken of consulting experts
and making contracts for the actual
laying of the foundation, Which will be
commenced with the opening of spring.
The first problem which greeted our
arrival in Chicago was a proposed
change in the curve of the roadway
which runs through the Temple prop-
erty, dividing the narrow lake-front
strip from the larger area or site for
the Temple. The change as proposed
would greatly reduce the area of the
larger section, and after a careful sur-
vey of the grounds by the board a meet-
ing was arranged with the citizens' com-
mittee of Wilmette. This meeting and
subsequent consultation resulted in a
complete change of their plan to our
advantage, clearly fulfilling the words
of His Holiness, Abdul-Baha, at the dedi-
cation of the grounds on May 1, 1912,
when he said: "Endeavor to have the
grounds circular in shape. If possible
even exchange certain parts in order to
have a circular piece."
Mr. Bourgeois had been in Chicago
some time prior to these meetings and
adequate surveys of the land had been
made. In consultation with Mr. Bour-
geois an approximate center for the
Temple location was selected, and a
contract was perfected with the engi-
neering concern Who will proceed at
once with the making of borings to de-
termine the substrata of the Temple site
and reach rock foundation.
Mr. Allen McDaniel, who is engaged
in important engineering work for the
United States Government at Camp Dix,
near New York City, was named as the
engineer to prepare the structural
drawings of the Temple foundations, in
consultation with Mr. E. R. Boyle, pres-
ident of the Boyle-Robertson Construc-
tion Company of Washington, D. C.
Arrangements Were made for the re-
moval of all trees on the Temple site
with a view to ultimate leveling and
grading; also for the preservation of
the wire fence enclosing the property
by a coat of paint.

