STAR OF THE WEST 127
there are two safeguards that protect man from Wrong doing. One is the law
which punishes the criminal; but the law prevents only the manifest crime and
1ot the concealed sin; Whereas the ideal safeguard, namely, the religion of God,
prevents both the manifest and the concealed crime, trains man, educates morals,
compels the adoption of virtues and is the all-inclusive power which guarantees
the felicity of the world of mankind. But by religion is meant that which is
ascertained by investigation and not that which is based on mere imitation,
the foundation of Divine Religions and not human imitations.
And among the teachings of is that although material
civilization is one of the means for the progress of the world of mankind, yet
until it becomes combined with Divine civilization the desired result, which is
the felicity of mankind, will not be attained. Consider! These battleships that
reduce a city to ruins within the space of an hour are the result of material
civilization; likewise the Krupp guns, the Mauser rifles, dynamite, submarines,
torpedo boats, armed aircraft and bombing these weapons of
war are the malignant fruits of material civilization. Had material civilization
been combined with Divine civilization, these fiery weapons would never have
been invented. Nay, rather, human energy would have been wholly devoted to
useful inventions and would have been concentrated on praiseworthy discoveries.
Material civilization is like a lamp-glass. Divine civilization is the lamp
itself and the glass without the light is dark. Material civilization is like the
body. No matter how infinitely graceful, elegant and beautiful it may be, it
is dead. Divine civilization is like the spirit, and the body gets its life from
the spirit, otherwise it becomes a corpse. It has thus been made evident that
the world of mankind is in need of the breaths of the Holy Spirit. Without the
spirit the world of mankind is lifeless, and without this light the world of man-
kind is in utter darkness. For the world of nature is an animal world. Until
man is born again from the world of nature, that is to say, becomes detached
from the world of nature, he is essentially an animal, and it is the teachings of
God which convert this animal into a human soul.
And among the teachings of is the promotion of education.
Every child must be instructed in sciences as much as is necessary. If the par-
ents are able to provide the expenses of this education, it is all right, otherwise
the community must provide the means for the teaching of that child.
And among the teachings of His Holiness is justice and
right. Until these are realized on the plane of existence, all things shall be in
disorder and remain imperfect. The world of mankind is a world of oppression
and cruelty, and a realm of aggression and error.
In fine, such teachings are numerous. These manifold principles, Which
constitute the greatest basis for the felicity of mankind and are of the bounties
of the Merciful, must be added to the matter of Universal Peace and com-
bined With it, so that results may accrue. Otherwise the realization of Universal
Peace (by itself) in the world of mankind is difficult. As the teachings of His
Holiness are combined with Universal Peace, they are like a table
provided with every kind of fresh and delicious food. Every soul can find, at
that table of Infinite bounty, that which he desires. If the question is restricted
to Universal Peace alone, the remarkable results which are expected and desired
will not be attained. The scope of Universal Peace must be such that all the
(Continued on page 129)

