150 STAR OF
though he came to stay five minutes, he
remained two hours and left regretfully.
Now he has opened his magazine to a
article on the Bahai Movement.
boy of ten or eleven came rush-
ing up the stairs one day and stopped
suddenly on the threshold with a 'Gee!'
He had been studying architecture in
school and wanted to see this 'new'
thing. He could not repress his e11-
thusiasm. I heard him talking about it
the next day to some children on the
street, and he brought in a little girl
friend to share the treasure he had dis-
covered.
"Many very wealthy and dignified
people have come also with the same
result. George Grey Barnard, the
sculptor, declares the Temple marks a
new development in architecture, and
the beginning of a great era in art. He
believes it will be built 11ot only in Chi-
cago, but in its full size on Fort Wash-
ington Heights in New York, where a
group of millionaires will place it as an
illustration of what religion has become
to humanity. His wonderful blue eyes
shine as he talks about it, his speaking
hands weave sculptures in the air to fit
his words, and he forgets everything but
his marvelous theme.
"The colored people come in and sit.
quietly drinking i11 its presence, which
makes realities of love, brotherhood, the
immortal life, a11d sympathy. No one
leaves cold or critical, and no one can
utter gossip or criticism or scandals
within that lovely radiation. So one
can imagine what the great Temple will
be when it rears its stately head in the
blue heaven and all men feel it!"
From a recent Tablet we quote the
following words of Abdul-Baha: "Thy
letter has been received. Its contents
indicated that the plan of Mr. Bour-
geois has been selected. It is very
good."
MR. AND MRS. KILLIUS
F-or the past two years or more Mr.
and Mrs. A. C. Killius have been trav-
eling teachers. They left their home
THE WEST
in Spokane for the purpose only of
sowing the seed of the Kingdom through-
out the cities of Montana, as this
was one of the States mentioned by
Abdul-Baha, at that time, where the Mes-
sage had not been spread. In order to
have sufficient means to sustain them,
they sold almost all of their household
belongings and this together with Mr.
Killius' business of home portrait pho-
tographer, enabled them to move about
frequently. During this time they have
spread the glorious Bahai Message broad-
cast, and were very fortunate in having
a number of splendid articles placed
in the leading newspapers of the State,
and confirmations in every way succes-
sively reached them. They have served
with a true Bahai spirit of love and
devotion, and such services and offer-
ings of love attracted many to the Cause.
MARION JACK
Miss Marion Jack has written a most
interesting letter about the work in
western Canada. We quote excerpts, as
follows:
"The soil is extremely fertile, and the
Great Gardener is surely busy in this
field, otherwise the souls w11o are re-
ceptive would not be found so fre-
quently, for it is very wonderful how a
stranger who does not consider herself
either a teacher or a speaker, could meet
and give the Message to well over a hun-
dred. The president of the Women's
Canadian Club has, at the instigation of
a former president I met, invited a
Bahai speaker to occupy their platform
when one comes this way. Then a Mrs.
Dunn, a brilliant wo-man in the -world
of letters, has given us a good write-
up in Fa-ir Play, a weekly publication
that is widely read, and the editor has,
through this article, become interested."
Vancouver and its environs is very
promising indeed, and as Miss Jack
writes: "Proofs are in evidence all the
time of the truth of the statement of
the heavenly Beloved One that every-
where people now have capacity. Never
since it has been my joy to serve have

