STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. ll Nur 1, 76 (June 5, 1920) No. 5
(From the cw York American, May 23, 1920.)
Bahai Temple Strikes New Art Note
Louis Bourgeois' Model for $1,500,000 Structure Combines Essence of All
Architectural Systems.
BY Person 
ON the shore of Lake Michigan, just a
little Ways north of Chicago, the
Bahai Movement is soon to begin the
erection of a Temple of Peace. Many
persons who have seen the model for this
building, which is the Work of the archi-
tect and sculptor, Louis Bourgeois, say
that the great Temple will be the most
beautiful modern structure in the world.
Some go so far as to say that it will be
the most beautiful structure ever erected.
A large model of the Temple, filling
almost an entire room, is now on exhi-
bition at the Kevorkian Galleries, No. 40
West Fifty-seventh street.
The Bahai Temple of Peace, whose
doors will never close, day or night, and
in which every person may worship, will
cost about $1,500,000. Its outer covering
will be of cream colored terra cotta. It
will be 225 feet in diameter and 180
feet high.
Mr. Bourgeois' model was selected by
a committee of forty-nine. This com-
mittee was ready to approve the design,
but because the structure diifered from
any other building that had ever been
erected, they felt that they needed guid-
ance, before making the formal accept-
ance, from an architect who could tell
them whether it was practical.
They called in Mr. H. Van Buren
Magonigle, president of the Architec-
tural League. Without being apprised
of the preference of the committee, Mr.
Magonigle studied all the models sub-
mitted and quickly selected that of Mr.
Bourgeois. His verdict was: "It is the
first new idea in architecture since the
thirteenth century. I want to see it
erected."
The Bahai Temple of Peace combines
within itself all the lovely elements of
all the types of architecture that man
has ever devised. This may at first
sound rather discouraging to students
of art who know how inspirationless
eclectic works usually are. If a painter
tries to combine all the good points of all
the schools of painting he invariably
gets a picture that is tame and unin-
teresting. It is the individual method
that counts.
But, after looking at Mr. Bourgeois'
model for his beautiful Temple, liste11
to him explain, in a voice trembling with
enthusiasm, just how he came to com-
bine all styles of architecture in his
design:
"The Bahai Movement," says Mr.
Bourgeois, "is a fusing of the essential
spiritual elements of all religions and
all philosophies. Stripped of the per-
sonalities of their founders and subse-
quent leaders, all sects are found to
have very much the same divine basis.
All the teachings that have held the
minds of men and ennobled them are

