STAR OF THE WEST 65
Mrs. Corinne True, With the Mashre-
kol-Azkar as a subject, charmed by the
simplicity and beauty of its presentation.
"Jesus," she declared, "told of the
Great Day that was to come. As a sign
of the coming bounty he revealed the
Lord's prayer. Now we are realizing
this bounty in a new creation. Blessed
art thou, world, this day imprinted
by the footsteps of God! The lVlashrek-
ol-Azkar, to be erected on Lake Michi-
gan, is the greatest sign that the blessed
 
Chairmen:
RICE-WRAY, Detroit
Dn. Fnenmucx W. San Francisco]

Sum Kmrtar
"The Oneness of Mankind"
Louis G. Gnscomr, Washington
The Mashrekol-Azkar
Colurme Tlwe, Chicago
the Steppe" ll
RUANO Booxsuv 
"The Power of the Word of God"
Wu.1.1.u| H. Boston 
?0N0--"Hymn at Dawn"   
Rumo BOGISLAV
TWELFTH ANNUAL MASHREKOL-AZKAR 
CONVENTION
Eucmaermc BUILDING 
29 West 39th Street
1 When the foundation of the Mashrekol-Azkar is laid in America, and
fiat divine Edifice is completed, a most wonderful and thrilling motion
will appear in the world oi exinence. The Manhreitoi-Azkar will become 
the center around which all these universal Bahai activities will be clus- 
lered. From that point of light, the spirit oi teaching, spreading the
Cause of God and promoting the Teachings of God will permeate to all
parts of the world. I hove that ere long the foundation of this celestial
femplc will be la|d--lhus It may become conductive to the happiness oi
the heart of Abdul Bella.
Page 4--Convention and Congress program.
hope and promise have been fulfilled.
The blessed Sun and glorious spring-
time inaugurate a new day.
"The first general Mashrekol-Azkar
Convention was held in Chicago at the
same time that Abdul-Baha was burying
the body of the Bab on Mount Carmel.
The Tomb of the Bab is the first Mash-
rekol-Azkar. That at Ishkabad, in Rus-
sia, is the second.. The friends of the
Cause in the West will emulate those of
the East in this effort, which unites the
two. This third Mashrekol-Azkar will
be erected at Chicago. It is the outward
symbol of the Manifestation. It is built
on the Word of God. 'It is the sub-
stance of things hoped for.' In its erec-
tion the East now helps the \7\Test. Its
great principle is 'prejudice toward
none, love for all.' 
Mr. WVilliam H. Randall, of Boston,
delivered an address on "The Power of
the Word of God." The bright traces
of his recent pilgrimage to the holy
Tomb and meeting with Abdul-Baha ap-
peared in this address: "We have met,"
he declared, "to commemorate the laws
FIRST DAY
Morning Session
:0 o'clock A. 21., Monday, April 26

2:30 o'clock 24., Monday. ipril .26
SECOND SESSION BAHAI CONGRESS
8:15 o'clock P. zu., Monday, April 26th
Justice is loved ibovc all. Neglect it not, if thou dcsirut Me. By it
thou wilt be strengthened to perceive tiling: with thine own eyes and .
by eyes of men, to know them by thine own knowledge and not by the
of any in the world. Meditate on 1his--how thou ghtett to
be. Justice is of My Bounty to thee and of My Providence the>>; 
therefore', keep it ever before thy 1
. Chairmen:
MAY Montreal
Mounrroar-MILLS, New York

Armn W. Lnwlence
"Economies and Religion"
The Rev. Da. PERCY S1-rcxuar Gnu':
Church of the Ascension
-o\o  the Persian 0/ Hoff:
Musieby W. Ihnxx Hunucl
Rims Waxes Rnumu. 
"rm Need of a Divine Remedy for the World 
The Rev. Apnea: R. vm.
Sofie   "Landon Ronald i
Mum Gnvnanwx ll
I
Page and Congress program.
of God. Seventy-five years ago few peo-
ple talked of God, but today the whole
universe does. The divine power en-
ters the race consciousness and pene-
trates the hearts. The world is flooded
with light. The World of man is dark-
ened, but the world of God is illumined.
The of the mind sees reason, but the
of the heart turns inward and sees
the world of God.
"Is there anyone today, small or great,
who is not seeking assistance'? Let us
not think, in our seeking, that God has
forgotten us. In various meetings we
have many expressions of power. But

