STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM 
thou STAR or THE 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is Organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscrii:-ers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAI-IA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE WEST, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of that both in the
East and the West, they may become informed with the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
I  I Isr/1R or THE Founnhiion I
Northeastern States: HOOPER HARRIS.
Western States: HELEN S. GOODALL.
Southern States: Dominion of Canada: MAY MAXWELL.
Central States: ALBERT VAIL, CARL SCHEFFLER.
Editorial Stafi': ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD S01-IRAB
Vol. 11 Asma 1, 76 (August 1, 1920) No. 8
Letter from Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi
Haifa, Palestine,
June 22, 19'20.
To the STAR or THE my life
be a sacrifice in the path of its success!
My beloved brother Albert Vllindust
a11d my dear sister Gertrude Buikema:
Since I left America until this very
moment my time has been divided in
three parts-~one-third engaged in learn-
ing from our Master, the source of di-~
vine learning, and serving as a trans-
lator; one-third in actual medical serv-
ice to the Bahais, and one-third in medi-
tation, thinking and in prayer for all
the American friends.
I have been praying and begging as-
sistance and blessings from 
LLAH and Abdul-Baha and the Bab, so
much that I feel that I have made them
tired 0-f my cries! No time Was left for_
correspondence with you or with all the
dear friends for Whom I am always
praying and whose faces are ever pic-
tured before my eyes. For in this most
holy and most sacred land, the months
pass as moments or as the flash of
lightning.
Although the environment of my birth
land try and
describe the life, the teachings, the
deeds, the personality of Abdul-Baha
and the beauty and the spirituality of
both the most sacred places of 
LLAH and the Bab, one must call on a
hundred-thousand pens like that of a
Shakespeare or a hundred-thousand
eloquent tongues like that of Prof.
Browne. Nay, rather, it is hard and
very hard to even picture to you the
charm and the beauty of the lives of
the most humble servants of this Holy
Threshold. Therefore, I could only fill
the chambers of my heart and the
shelves of my brain with the gems of
heavenly lessons. God grant that this
servant may treasure this imperishable
treasure and appreciate the value of

