54- STAR OF
ened for twice a day, the Beloved visits
the holy shrine, kneels in reverence and
devotion, orders communes to be chanted
and often spends an hour or more in
silent prayer. His attendants, friends
and relatives are absent and no One save
Kosro, Esfandiar and myself, the two
vigilant guardians of the Tomb, and Ali
Eff, a friend who Will leave tomorrow
for Beirut, form his small retinue.
Everything, the environment, the at-
mosphere, the view, the stillness, all are
uplifting, elevating and inspiring. One
feels to have forgotten his cares and his
concerns, his mind is refreshed and his
burden alleviated. No matter how long
the Master will tarry in this sanctified
place, no feeling of mOn0tOny, and
ennui overcomes the soul. It is the
Spot which so many souls crave to attain
and long to visit. Particularly is it
magnificent at such a time when nature
is smiling, the sky above is no more
gloomy and threatening with clouds but
THE WEST
serene and blue, the plains and meadows
as if covered with a multicolored carpet,
the shrubs sparkling with roses, jas-
mins, lilies, narcissus embalming the
pure and refreshing air; the grass grow-
ing luxuriantly everywhere and the
breeze wafting in every direction. Often
is the Beloved seen in the open air,
majestically walking to and fro upon the
verdant plains and amid the wild
flowers that abound in this gifted region.
He treads the same ground that the
blessed feet of his heavenly Father have
trodden, circumambulates the shrine
Where for many years He has lived,
Waters the flowers and plants, many of
which have been blessed by His hands
and lives and moves and has his being
in an atmosphere which fully reminds
him of His manners and His conduct.
VVhat a dear and blessed spot to be
privileged to live in!
Shoghi Rabbanli.
(To be continued)
Recent Tablet from Abdul-Baha
JEAN MASSON
To the maid-servant of God, Miss Jean
Masson, Chicago, her
be El-Abha!
Is God!
thou faithful maid-servant of the
Blessed Beauty! 
The article thou hadst previously sent
was highly acceptable, accomplished,
well prepared and well presented. Ver-
ily, it was a very eloquent article. At
present Whoever among the friends may
Write an article and may Wish to pub-
lish it, it is better that he should submit
it to the Executive Board and, after its
approval, give it publicity. Assuredly,
the articles thou writest are suitable,
correct and valuable for publication, but
nevertheless the purpose of the approval
of the Executive Board is to preserve
order, for, otherwise, others may print
and publish articles which may be not
conforming with truth. That is Why I
write that articles should be first sub-
mitted and approved by the Executive
Board and then be published.
Dr. Wilson, the missionary in Persia,
is heedless and detests the Cause of God,
and has written a book in order to lead
the people to error. His book is likened
to those books that have been written,
during the time of Christ a.nd subse-
quent to him, by the Pharisees and the
Roman philosophers, in order to refute
his truth. He has published that book
and it is preferable that at present thou
shouldst Write, print and publish a
refutatory book written in the utmost
eloquence and perfection.
Exercise thou, in my behalf, the ut-
most kindness to thy sister. I ask for
her--healing.
Upon thee be Baha-el-Abhal
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, Bah-
jeh, Acca, Palestine, July 22, 1919.)

