STAR OF THE WEST 197
ity from out of its own members. [See
pages 155 to 158 for detailed report of
this 
The Executive Board being 'obliged
to meet at this time, George O. Latimer
was asked to serve as chairman.
Mrs. Parsons brought out a point ob-
served by her when in Haifa, suggest-
ing. tha.t many individuals in each as-
sembly in America write the same ques-
tions to Haifa and if each is answered
it means duplicating the same answer
to many. One of the Oriental friends
at the holy household suggested to Mrs.
Parsons that if the friends from each
assembly would meet together concern-
ing these general questions and com-
bine them in a supplicationifrom such
assembly, it would be of much assistance.
This she said did not concern the per-
sonal matters about which many write
and is not intended to interfere with
personal supplications and personal
answers to each one. Mrs. Parsons also
expressed the belief that if these gen-
eral questions were inade as brief as pos-
sible it would avoid errors in condens-
ing the letters by translators over there
and where possible it would be well to
have them typewritten, in the interest
of clear expression. She said have
never seen people work in my life as
these translators do, from dawn until
late in the night and their work is really
colossal, as we all know."
Mr. Windust gave a comprehensive
statement about the STAR on THE Wnsr,
especially with reference to the utter-
ance of Abdul-Baha about it, published
in The Divine Plan. He read an extract
from a Tablet revealed since The Diuin-c
Plan was published, dated June 4, 1919,
to Harlan F. Ober [while he was pres-
ident of the Bahai Temple Unity], as
follows:
"Concerning the STAR on THE Wnsr,
the organ must be so promulgated in
America and Persia that at least its
necessary expenses may be provided.
Upon this point a letter shall be written
to Persia."
He also read a further Tablet re-
vealed June 27, 1919, to the Bahais of
Persia which we reproduce in full:
"To the members of the Spiritual Goin-
mittee, Teheran--Up0n them be
El-Abha!
He Is God'!
friends of God!
The magazine of the STAR or THE
WE-ST, notwithstanding great difficulties
during the days of the war, has contin-
ued until these days of quietness and
tranquillity which have come. Although
it had been cut off entirely from Persia,
yet it managed to sustain its existence.
Therefore financial hardships obtained.
But now that war has ended in peace,
there must be given regularity to the
STAR or Wnsr, so that it may cir-
culate throughout the East and the in-Test.
And this is conditioned upon the in-
crease in number of the subscribers.
Therefore the friends i11 all the prov-
inces of Persia must subscribe to. this
blessed matter. Strive ye in the pro-
mulgation of this growing magazine only
for service to the Cause of God, in order
that it may become the means of the
stimulation of its editors and for the
best regularity of the institution.
Likewise, if possible, some of the
friends may subscribe to the newspaper
Chehreh Nema in Egypt and pay the
subscriptions in advance.
Upon ye be El-Baha-el-Abhal
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Aeess. 
It is evident that one purpose at
least of these Tablets, is that the friends
should rally to the support of the STAR
on THE in the way of subscrip-
tions to a degree never before realized.
Let each one of the friends in America
take this to heart.
Mr. Windust. proceeded, reading ex-
tracts from Tablets recently received by
himself and Miss Buikema, dated July
20th and 29th, 1919, respectively, as
follows:

