STAR OF THE WEST 305
Esperanto Class in Kazvin, Persia
LETTER Enon J. E. ESSLEMONT, M. B.
Home of Abdul~Baha, Haifa, Palestine,
November 27, 1919.
To the STAR or THE 
Among the many dear Persian friends
here, I have been-particularly interested
in meeting Mirza. Mohammad Labib, of
Kazvin, Persia, who is not only a
brother Bahai, but a brother Esperantist,
and one of the pioneers of Esperanto in
Persia. I am sure that readers of the
STAR will be interested in some details
of the progress of the Cause in Kazvin,
as reported to me by Mirza Labib.
Kazvin is a town of some 50,000 in-
habitants, among whom there are now
some 300 Bahais. There is a general
meeting for men and one for Women,
each week, a11d the Spiritual Assembly
[House of Spirituality] also meets
weekly. Besides these three meetings
there are a number of others all of
which have been initiated by Mirza
Labib.
There is first an assembly called
Tanzih Purity) a Weekly meeting
Where Women gather to learn the Bahai
Teachings, read and discuss books (such
as Some Aatszvered Q/westiorzsl, chant
Tablets and prayers and converse about
the Movement. The number of members
is at present nineteen.
Another is called Nashre-Nafahat
Spreading of the Fragrances).
This is a group which meets specially for
correspondence with Bahais in other
parts of the World. Hitherto the corre-
spondence has been chiefly in the Persian
language, with other cities of Persia,
but some of the members are now be-
ginning to correspond in Esperanto and
English with centers in Europe, America
and elsewhere. Readers of the STAR are
cordially invited to write to this group.
Mirza Labib also has a girls' class
with about 35 members, and a boys' class
with 30, for instruction in the Bahai
teachings, memorizing of extracts from
the Tablets, etc., and Esperanto classes
for Women, girls and boys.
Lastly, an Association known as the
Nonahalan young trees) was
founded in August, 1918, for the en-
couragement of mutual aid and the
propagation of divine teachings among
the Bahai Women and children of Kaz-
Vin. This is partly a commercial con-
cern and has a share-capital. Children
are encouraged to invest their savings in
it. Books and many other articles are
bought and sold, but it is a rule that
one-fourth of all profits made must be
devoted to the Cause of God (in defray-
ing necessary of teaching,
helping the poor, etc.). This Association
has started a lending library (the first
lending library for Women and children
in Persia), and contributions of books
in Esperanto, English, Persian or
Arabic will be gratefully received.
Donors of books are requested to Write
on each book their name and address with
the date of sending. The Association
hopes ere long to purchase a cinemato-
graph and Mirza Labib has many plans
for future development. of the society 's
Work.
Abdul-Baha has shown a lively inter-
est in these various associations. He has
become a shareholder in Nonahalan and
has revealed three Tablets, one for
Nashre-Nafahat, one for Nonahalan and
the children's classes jointly, and one
for Tanzih, praying for the continued
success, development and confirmation
of these organizations.
Communications may be addressed to
Mirza Mohammad Labib, Nonahalan,
Kazvin, Persia.
With best Wishes,
Yours sincerely,
J. E. Esslemmz-t, M. B.
P. S.--I am sending this, with a photo-
graph of l\/Lirza Labib's girls' class,
through Mr. Vail.

