14-8 STAR OF
ic Research;" "The Real Nature of
Heaven, Hell, and the Unseen King-
dom;" "The Descent of the Kingdom
to Earth--A Study of the New Jerusa-
lem in the Glorious Book of Revelation."
Also during the month Mr. Vail has
made a trip to St. Louis, and two or
more visits to Urbana, Ill., and vicinity;
in these centers spreading the Message
of the glad-tidings of the Kingdom and
in such an inspired way that the seeds
of truth are carried home in the hearts
of the people.
ROY C. WILHELM
Mr. Roy C. Wilhelm is among the trav-
eling teachers just now. He left New
York City on June 27th for an extensive
trip to the Pacific Coast. It is sup-
posed to be a business trip, but the
greater part of Roy's thinking and serv-
ing is in the greatest business in life-
the Bahai Cause,--and as all friends
know this, a wave of rejoicing is set in
motion when the friends hear that Roy
is to make a Western business trip, for
this means that in every city where he
abides for a time, the glad-tidings will
be shared, and his sisters a11d brothers
in the Cause refreshed and encouraged.
LOUIS G. GREGORY
Mr. Louis G. Gregory has been in
Maryland and Kentucky the past month;
particularly good reports come from
Louisville where he has been staying
for over two weeks. His radiant en-
thusiasm and spiritual zealousness, his
comprehensive presentation of the Bahai
Message and teachings of this new Day
of God, are attracting wide attention
wherever he goes in the Southland. He
is meeting with great success and not
antagonism. Mr. Gregory writes as fol-
lows:
"The world day by day shows greater
capacity to receive the Message.
Signs of awakening appear in the South
as elsewhere. There are many scattered
believers, and vastly more who sympa-
thize with the Cause as far as they un-
derstand it. Their approval is hearty
and inspiring.
THE WEST
"The method of reaching the colored
people is revealed in the instructions of
Abdul-Baha, who knows their custom
of opening their churches, schools and
other meetings to visitors who meet their
approval; but to meet the complex situa-
tion, the whites should be reached in
greater numbers. They are perhaps
more orthodox and will not so readily
open their established institutions, but
there is a vast work for teachers among
them. Abdul-Baha, speaking of teach-
ing in the South, says: 'Become ye
firmly rooted in this great aim. Send
ye teachers to all directions and become
ye not apprehensive should ye meet
strong opposition.'
"One of the most elfective ways of
reaching the whites of this region is for
friends from other sections to come and
reside for a season. Endless traceslmay
result from such efforts. Miss M. Klebs,
who has for a number of winters taught
music at N. Augusta, S. C., started an
Assembly there. Mrs. Boyle, spending
a winter at Miami, Fla., attracted many
who, like herself, were visitors. Mr.
and Mrs. Ripley of Vtlashington, have
made several trips to Florida which they
have improved for teaching. The ef-
forts of Dr. Oakshette and Fred Morten-
sen were confirmed in Atlanta, Ga,
where there is a radiant group. Elmore
Hays, who spent some time west, after
receiving the Message in Atlanta, has
returned and is doing fine work. The
Lakeland (Fla) Assembly probably owes
its origin to the residence o-f Byron S.
Lane. The veteran, Paul K. Dealy, has
lived for many years at Fairhope, Ala.
Miss Annie Reinke at Austin, is
a center of radiance. Dr. and Mrs. Guy
of Boston, now reside and work at St.
Augustine, Fla., where recently they ar-
ranged for Mrs. Ford to lecture.
Mesdames Stott and Christine at Louis-
ville, Ky., are the cause of life and hope
to many so-uls.
"Among the colored friends who have
done exceptional residence work may be
mentioned Prof. Geo. W. Henderson,
whose business college at Memphis,

