STAR OF THE VVEST 165
thy ardent wish that I should attend
the Peace Congress. I do not present
myself at such political conferences, for
the establishment of peace is unachiev-
able save through the power of the
Word of God. 'When a conference is
held composed of representatives of all
nations and working under the influence
of the Wor'd of God, then Universal
Peace will be established, but otherwise
it is impossible.
At present it is certain that tempor-
ary peace is established, but it is not
lasting. All governments and nations
have become tired of war, of the diffi-
culties of travel, of huge expenditures,
of the loss of life, of the affliction of
women, of the great number of orphans,
and are driven by force to peace. But
this peace is not permanent, but tem-
porary.
We hope that the power of the Word
of God will establish a peace that shall
eternally remain effective and secure.
Convey on my behalf to all the family
greetings and kindness.
Upon thee be Baha-El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Bahjeh, Acca, Palestine, July 22, 1919.)
KOKAB MAC CUT CI-IE ON
To the maid-servant of God, Kokab Mac-
Cutcheon, Chicago, 111., care of the
maid-servant of God, Mrs. True, Chi-
cago, Ill.--Upon her be 
El-Abha!
He Is God!
thou resplendent Kokab!
Thy letter was received. Associate
as before with Mrs. True and contribute
to the Mashrekol-Azkar as much as pos-
sible. Strive for unity amo-ng the white
and the colored so that color may no
more be taken into consideration but
instead the hearts be considered. The
hearts must be illumined, must be pure
and white and not the body of man.
Many are the colored ones who, in the
field of faith, have surpassed the white
and Won the goal, and many are the
white who in view of a darkened heart
have been deprived of the bounties of
God.
In short, five races exist upon the
surface of the globe: the white, black,
brown, yellow and red races. This re-
sembles the different species and colors
of doves, but, on the other hand, there is
no distinction of color among them, on
the contrary the white, black, yellow,
blue, red and purple doves, all associate
together in the utmost love and har-
mony. How can man who is endowed
With reason and intelligence be limited
by these considerations of color? This
is nothing but lieedlessness, ignorance
and counter to human laws.
Upon thee be Baha-El-Abha!
(Signed) ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, Bah-
jeh, Acca, Palestine, July 24, 1919.)
OSCAR I-IANKO
To his honor Mr. Oscar I-Ianko, Newark,
N. .-Upon him be El-
Abha!
Is God!
thou servant of the Divine Kingdom!
Thy letter was received. Its contents
indicated that at a time when, due to
war, the world was in confusion and
commotion, thou wert in utmost tran-
quillity and composure, engaged in servi-
tude to the threshold of the Lord of
Hosts, wert serving the Kingdom, wert
Wishing nothing save the illumination
of the world of mankind and had no
object but the exaltation of the Word
of God and the promulgation of heav-
enly teachings. Thus thou hast been
confirmed and assisted.
Convey on my behalf to Dr. Guthrie
and Mr. L~eDouX the utmost kindness
and respect. On their behalf, at the mid-
night hour, I pray and entreat at the
Threshold of the All-Knowing God and
beg assistance, bounty a11d everlasting
blessings. Undoubtedly they shall be

