116 STAR OF THE WEST
went ye out to see, Dynamic Power of
the Bahai Revelation, a blue booklet and
the compilation on Peace and 'War. The
director said he would be very glad to
have other books on the Bahai Cause.
Many Brazilians are now learning Eng-
lish and frequent the English section of
the library as do also the Americans and
British. There are over 500 i11 the
American colony in Rio at present.
Exceedingly delightful was the visit
to the Esperantists where Miss Root and
Mrs. Thomas went after lunch. Dr.
Everdo Backheuser, an Esperanto Writ-
er, took them to an Esperanto social
reception. On the way she presented
the doctor with Mr. Esselmont's Esper-
anto article, "Science and Religion."
Miss Root gave them the Message. The
President of the Esperanto Society of
Brazil, Mr. Alberto Conto Fernandes,
knew about the Bahai Movement and
showed her Esperanto articles about
and Abdul-Baha. Mr.
Fernandes is an engineer, a distin-
guished man in business and one of the
great Esperantists of the world. He has
taught Esperanto to one thousand peo-
ple in Brazil, and he, as Well as Dr.
Backheuser, has written several Esper-
anto books. He reads some English, and
speaks and reads French fluently. Es-
peranto is taught in the normal and pri-
mary schools in Rio, classes a.re held in
the fire engine-house departments and
in the telegraph offices. A street has
just been named, "Dr. Zamenhof."
Five National Esperanto Congresses
have been held in Brazil. There is con-
stant communication between Esper-
antists of the different cities, and every
two weeks Rio Esperantists meet at their
rooms and have programs of Esperanto
plays, lectures and songs followed by a
social hour. The Esperanto library here
is the most complete Miss Root has seen
anywhere in the world.
The Young Men 's Christian Associa-
tion in Rio has an Esperanto class a11d
an Esperanto library. She placed Ab-
dul-Baha's London Talks in that li-
brary. The Bmzil Espertmtisto, a
magazine, published in Rio, is
using a.n article about the Bahai Cause.
Rio newspapers, not only in the inter-
views but later in reporting the Esper-
anto meetings and when the books were
put in Rio library, spoke again of the
Bahai Cause. These articles are often
copied in other cities. The best intro-
duction for the Bahai Cause anywhere
is through the newspapers.
Miss Root spoke. of the Cause in the
Consulate, at the American Embassy,
Brazilian School of Naval Aviation, Bra-
zilian Army School of Aviation, the
American Chamber of'Commerce in Rio,
to several Brazilian families, a cocoa
plantation owner and to the United
States, British, French and Brazilian
business men whom she met.
Miss Root left Rio de Janeiro, Sep-
tember 5th, at 7 A. M. for Sao Paulo.
On the train only two persons could
speak English, they only riding for an
hour later in the day. She gave them
the Message, one a young married man
from New Jersey out there for thirteen
years, the other a young married woman
from Kent, England. The journey,
scenically, is like riding twelve hours
in Paradise, whose wealth is not yet dis-
covered by the world at large.
Sao Paulo is more like the "Chicago"
of Brazil, as it is the place where many
of the manufacturies are. Raw materials
from the heart of Brazil are poured into
Sao Paulo, some to be made up there
and more passing down to Santos port
and thence shipped. Unlike Chicago,
Sao Paulo was created from the begin-
ning with a wonderful love of the beau-
tiful. Its station de luxe is beside a
famous park. Its business blocks are
nestled amid splendid gardens, its
houses "grow" amid tropical palms,
Parana pines, yellow roses climbing to
the deep red roofs, orchids, calla lilies,
night blooming cereus, and most of the
rarest flowers, growing in everybody 's
yard. Miss Root heard a band concert
in mid-afternoon in a small park in the
crowded business district and violin

