Z58 STAR OF
disturbance in the nation of Christ. But
ultimately he was vanquished and
thrown into most striking misery. Now
these people, whose number is small, it
is already known What their end Will be.
I hope that the friends will give the
utmost importance to the Mashrekol-
Azkar. A cablegram from Mr. Randall
has lately been received, indicating that
they will begin its construction. Through
this news I became immensely delighted.
The American friends are greatly en-
deared. Therefore I desire that they
may be confirmed in great achieve-
ments and become the factors of the es-
tablishment of the Kingdom of God.
All the people of the world are, as
thou observest, in the sleep of negli-
gence. They have forgotten God alto-
gether. They are all busy in war and
strife. They are undergoing misery and
destruction. They are like unto loath-
some worms trying to lodge in the depth
of the ground, While a single flood of
rain sweeps all their nest and lodging
away. Nevertheless, they do not come
to their senses. Where is the majesty of
the Emperor of Russia! Where is the
THE WEST
might of the German Emperor! "There
is the greatness of the Emperor of Aus-
tria! In a short time all these palaces
were turned into ruins and all these pre-
tentious edifices (empires) underwent
destruction. They left no fruit and no
trace, save eternal ruin.
The souls who have been enlightened
with the Light of the Kingdom, however,
have founded eternal sovereignty. They
shine like unto the stars upon the hori-
zon of everlasting glory. The Apostles
(of Christ) were fishers. Consider thou
to What a high station they did rise! and
to what a great sovereignty they did
attain; Whose duration and permanence
runs to eternity. Mary Magdalene was
a peasant woman. She was without any
name and fame or consequence, but her
candle is in the assemblage of the world,
lighted till eternity.
Upon thee be the glory of Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA-ABBAS.
(August 9th, 1920. Translated by
Azizullah S. Bahadur, Mount Carmel,
Palestine. 
Tablets to Bahais in America received in 1919 and 1920
TO THE CHILDREN
To the children"" of the 
them be El-Abha 
care of the daughter of the Kingdom,
Bahiyeh Randall--Upon her be BAHA-
El-Abha!
He Is God!
ye children of the Kingdom!
Praise ye God that in the days oi
childhood ye have entered the divine
kingdom and have been encompassed by
the bounty and favor of God. At a
time when ye Were young He has chosen
and selected ye and has made ye inti-
mates with the mysteries, while the ma-
ture and full-grown have been deprived.
This is to be attributed only to the
*The Bahai Juniors.
OF THE KINGDOM.
bounty of God. Praise ye God there-
fore and say}
Thou compassionate Lord! 
Lord of Hosts! Praise be unto Thee,
that thou hast preferred these young
children to the full-grown and the ma-
tured, hast endowed them with Thy spe-
cial bounty, hast guided them, hast be-
stowed upon them Thy light and hast
given them spirituality. Confirm us that
when we attain maturity We may be en-
abled to serve Thy Kingdom, may train
the souls, may become ignited candles
and may glitter like unto stars. Thou
art the Giver, the Bestower and the
Kind!"
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Haifa, Palestine, Nov. 26, 1919.)

