STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. ll Rahmat 1, 76 (June Z4, 1920) No. 6
The Bahai Teaching Convention for the Central States
HELD IN CHICAGO MAY 22nd AND 28rd, 1920.
Letter sent out by the Secretary.
BELOVED Bahai brothers and sisters
in the Assemblies of the Central
States:
The most glorious Convention for
teaching held thus far has, through the
grace of God and the heavenly bestow-
als of our beloved Abdul-Baha, just
been concluded and in accordance With
instructions voted, the following report
of actions taken is being sent to the dif-
ferent assemblies of this group.
After statements by Mr. Albert R.
Vail and Mrs. Annie Parmerton giving
a report of the actions taken at the Na-
tional Convention in New York, which
statements brought out the fact that
Dr. Pauline Barton-Peeke, Mrs. Ida B.
Slater and Mr. Carl Scheffler had been
chosen as members of the National
Teaching Committee for the Central
States, it was voted:
these three and two others
should act as a Committee of Teaching
for the Central States. Dr. C. H. Stiles
of Detroit and Mrs. Margaret Laiferty
of St. Louis Were chosen as the addi-
tional members.
2nd--Each assembly to raise 
as large an amount of money for teach-
ing Work as possible.
3rd--The moneys to be collected by
the local assembly Treasurer, appoint-
ed by the House of Spirituality of that
city; or Where the assembly is too small
to have a House of Spirituality, the
Treasurer is to be elected--a majority
vote electing.
4th--The Treasurer Will send 
one-third of this amount collected to the
Treasurer of the National Teaching
Committee, Mr. \Vn1. H. Randall, 35
Congress St., Boston, Mass.; one-third
to be sent to the Treasurer of the Sec-
tional Teaching Committee, and one-
third to be held for local teaching Work.
Sectional Teaching Commit-
tee organize and launch at some time
during the year, deemed by it most suit-
able, at least one concentrated teach-
ing campaign, consisting o-f an adequate
advertisement scheme, a series of lec-
tures and to arrange for the mainten-
ance of one or more competent teachers,
who are to do follow-up Work for a
short period after the campaign is con-
eluded.
6th--The city in which this campaign
is launched to be left to the discretion
of the Committee With the understand-
ing that they Will give preference to a
city located in one of the five states
mentioned by Abdul-Baha in the first
Tablet addressed to the Central States
as not having been illumined by the
Glorious Cause through the spread of
the Message. An opportunity, though,
is to be given to the different assemblies
in this section to bid for this campaign
for their own city, or one nearby,
through definite propositions of co-op-
eration.
7th--The Teaching Committee to ar-
range that the teachers Who are assigned
to this section by the National Teach-
ing Committee, or those Who may arise
for the Work in this section, Will, as reg-
ularly as possible, or Whenever the need

