STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good. of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. ll Massa'ul l, 76 (December 12, 1920) No. 15
The Bahai Revelation
Addressi' by ENABI FAZEL delivered at tl1e Third Session of the
Bahai Congress, New York City, April 27th, 1920.
Manucher Khan, Interpreter.
THERE is no doubt that there are tWo
powers in the World, the power of
spirituality and the power of material-
ity. There is no doubt that the advance-
ment of man is in the World of morality.
Man 's honor depends upon his soul and
upon his morality. If man -lacks spir-
ituality and morality he is nothing but
a mere animal and is in common With
animals. There is no doubt that man
needs a teacher for the education of his
morality and the education of his soul.
History proves to us that Without
a teacher for these two phases, moral-
ity and soul, and Without education,
man cannot be supreme. The greatest
morality in the World is love. Love and
mora.L'ity are the foundations of this
world. Love in the world of humanity
is the cause of its salvation. Love and
unity are the honor and progress of
this World. Love and unity are the
foundations of its life; love and unity
are the cause of man 's entrance into the
Kingdom of God; love and unity are
the cause of eternal life.
All the Manifestations of God ap-
peared in this World only that love and
unity should prevail among mankind.
The prophets of the World had no other
aim except love and unity amongst hu-
mankind. When we look into the heav-
enly books We see the same thing, that
*See page 182 for Jenabi Fazel's
Words of greeting upon his arrival at
the Editors.
all the aims have been this aim and
nothing else. We see that in those spir-
itual books and in those Divine books,
every corruption is forbidden; We see
only inimical passions have been pro-
hibited in those Divine books, and they
have united the people in love and har-
mony. '\/Vhen we look into" and consider
the Divine books, We see all the aims
of all the prophets have been to perfect
man's morality and to establish love
and unity among all mankind. They
have no other aims besides these.
When We look into the history of
every religion, We see that in their own
cycle and in their own time they estab-
lished their aims and objectives. You
know that in their oWn time they did
good Work; that is to say, they estab-
lished love and unity as far as it Was
possible in their oWn time. In the time
of Moses, as much as it was possible in
that time, and when the time of Jesus
came as much as it was possible in
his time. But by and by supersti-
tions crept into those pure religions and
caused dissensions, and some blind imi-
tations made it so that the people
shunned religion. Today We see in
every nation that some people run aWay
from religion entirely. No sooner do
you say a Word about religion than they
run away from you and say, are
not ready to hear anything about -re-
ligion."
Now, let us see Why they are shun-
ning and turning away from religion.

