STAR OF THE WEST
Twelve Basic Bahai Principles
6. Equality Between Men and
Women
This is peculiar to the teachings of Baha'o'llab,
for all former religious systems placed men above
women. Daughters and sons must follow the
same form of study and the same education.
Having one course of education promotes unity
among mankind.
7. Abandonment of All
Prejudices
It is established that all the prophets of God
have come to unite the children of men and not
to disperse them, and to put in action the law of
love and no-t enmity. Consequently we must
throw aside all these prejudices--the racial prej-
udice, the patriotic prejudice, the religious and
political prejudices. We must become the cause
oi unity of the human race.
8. Universal Peace
All men and nations shall make peace. There
shall be universal peace amongst governments,
universal peace amongst religions, universal peace
amongst races, universal peace amongst the deni-
zens of all religions. Today in the world of
humanity the most important matter is the ques-
tion of universal peace. The realization of this
principle is the crying need of the time.
9. Universal Education
All mankind should partake of both knowledge
and education, and this partaking of knowledge
and of education is one of the necessities of re-
ligion. The education of each child is obligatory.
li there are no parents, the communitY 100k
after the child.
10. Solution of the Economic
Question
No religious books of the past prophets speak
of the economic question, while this problem has
been thoroughly solved in the teachings of Baha-
'o'llah. . . . Certain regulations are revealed
which insure the welfare and well being of all
humanity. Just as the rich man enjoys his rest
and his pleasures surrounded by luxuries, the
Poor man must likewise have a home, be provided
with sustenance, and not be in want. . . . Until
this is eitected happiness is impossible. All are
equal in the estimation of God; their rights are
one and there is no distinction tor any soul; all
are protected beneath the justice o-f God.
ii
11. A Universal Language
A universal language shall be adopted which
shall be taught by all the schools and academies
of the world. A committee appointed by national
bodies 'shall select a suitable language to be used
as a means of international communication, and
that language shall be taught in all the schools
of the world in order that everyone shall need
but two languages, his national tongue and the
universal language. All will acquire the inter-
national language.
12. An International Tribunal
A universal tribunal under the power of God,
under the protection of all men, shall be estab-
lished. Each one must obey the decisions of this
tribunal, in order to arrange the difficulties of
every nation.
About fifty years ago Baha'o'llah commanded
the people to establish universal peace and sum-
moned all the nations to the "divine banquet oi
international arbitration" so that the questions
of boundaries, of national honor and property and
oi vital interests between nations might be de-
cided by an arbitral court of justice.
Remember, these precepts were given more
than half a century ago. At that moment no one
spoke of universal peace, nor of any of these
principles; but Baha'o'1lah proclaimed them to
all the sovereigns of the world. . . . They
are the spirit of this age, the light of this age;
they are the well being of this age.
The Bahai Revelation is the spirit of this age. lt is the essence of all
the highest ideals of this century. The Bahai Cause is an inclusive move-
ment: the teachings of all religions and societies are found here. Christians,
Jews, Buddhists, Muhammadans, Zoroastrians, Theoso-phists, Freemasons,
Spiritualists, et al., find their highest aims in this Cause. Socialists and Philos-
ophers find their theories fully developed in this Revelation.
The Cause of Baha'o'llah is the same as the Cause of Chris-t. It is the
same temple and the same foundation. In the coming of Christ the divine
teachings were given in accordance with the infancy of the human race. The
teachings of Baha'o'llah have the same basic principles, but are according to
the stage of the maturity of the world and the requirements of this illumined
age.
-ABDUL BAI-IA.

