200 STAR OF THE WEST
tion. It was also stated that so far as
the vote of this Convention attempted
to bind future Conventions to the same
effect, i. that delegates notwith-
standing their holding official creden-
tials from more than one assembly,
should have but one vote in the Con-
vention, that this could not have the
desired efiect as future Conventions
could only be held in conformity with a
by-law duly passed in accordance with
the constitution and by-laws of the
Unity. This has not been done. It was
suggested, therefore, that before the
next Convention the assemblies should
take action on this important question
which should result in initiating a by-
law for consideration and action by the
next Convention or by the assemblies
Which would settle this question.
The Convention entered into consul-
tation concerning this question, and
upon motion duly made and seconded,
it was voted that the Executive Board
be directed to formulate a by-law on
the subject matter of the representation
of delegates and alternates in the annual
Convention from the several assemblies,
and as to Whether one delegate may rep-
resent more than one assembly, and that
notice be given, with copy of such by-
law, by mail to each assembly season-
ably, as provided under article 9 of the
constitution, so that action on this mat-
ter shall be had prior to the election of
delegates to the next annual Conven-
tion.
Upon motion duly made and sec-
onded, it was unanimously voted that
the Convention hereby record its thanks
and appreciation to the Engineering
Societies of New York for their great
courtesies extended during the period
of the Convention and Congress.
Upon motion duly made and sec-
onded, it was voted that the secretary
issue to each of the architects who have
filed plans and designs of the Temple
with the Unity, an expression of grati-
tude for their loyal service to the Cause
and the Mashrekol-Azkar in preparing
and submitting these invaluable plans.
Upon motion duly made and sec-
onded, it was voted to send a telegram
to the friends at Buenos Ayres respond-
ing to their beautiful expression to the
Convention, and also telegram of sym-
pathy to Miss Martha Root for her
father who is so ill, and that Mr. Wil-
helm perform this service.
Upon motion duly made and sec-
onded, it was voted that a letter of
greeting be sent to Mrs. Helen S.
Goodall of San Francisco, expressing
the hope of the Convention for her re-
covery from illness, this letter to be sent
through Mrs. Emogene Hoagg.
The chairman called the co-operation
and interest of the friends to the follow-
ing matters which they had been unable
to reach in the discussions of the Con-
vention:
Bahai Library, in New York city,
Mrs. Deuth; Unity House in Boston,
Mrs. Randall; Fellowship Press, New
York city, Mrs. Chamberlain; Bahai
Publishing Society, Chicago, Miss
Lesch; Bahai restaurant, New York
city, Mrs. Lehmann; social service on
the East Side, New York city, Mr. Le-
Doux; the progress of Esperanto
throughout the year was to be de-
scribed to us by Mr. Morton, and it was
understood that these matters would be
taken up by the friends mentioned as to
each activity, at 3 o'clock P. M., at 415
Madison Avenue, in informal consulta-
tion.
enabi Fazel Mazandarani having
chanted a prayer in Persian, upon mo-
tion duly made and seconded it was
voted to adjourn sine die.
Allaho 'Abha I
Alfred E. Lu/nz',
Secretary of the Convention.
true copy of the Minutes of the Con-
vention held in New York City,
1920}
Attest: Alfred E. Lunt, Secretary.

