STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
i (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE WEST, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the West, they may become informed with the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Arms.
STAR OF THE WEST FOUNDATION
Northeastern States: Hoorsa Hamus. Western States: HELEN S. GOODALL.
Southern States: Dominion of Canada: MAY MAXWELL.
Central States: ALBERT VAIL, CARL SCI-IEFFLER.
Editorial Stofi': ALBERT R. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: Mmz.-\ AHMAD SOHRAB
Vol, 11 iAzamat 1,76 (May 17, 1920)? 4
"Peace is unachievable save through the power of the
Word of God"
REGENT TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA To L. B. NASH
To his honor, Mr. L. B. Nash, Portland, Oregon--Upon him be 
El-Abha!
Is God!
thou servant of God!
Thy letter Was received, and was the cause of gladness. Thou hast expressed
thy ardent wish that I should attend the Peace Congress. I do not present
myself at such political conferences, for the establishment of peace is unachiev-
able save through the power of the Word of God. When a Conference is con-
vened, representative of all nations and Working under the influence of the
\/Vord of God, then Universal Peace will be established, but otherwise it is impos-
sible.
At present it is certain that temporary peace is established, but it is not
lasting. All governments and nations have become tired of War, of the difficul-
ties of travel, of huge expenditures, of the loss of life, of the afiliction of women,
of the great number of orphans, and are driven by force to peace. But this
peace is not pe-rmcm-ent, but temporary.
We hope that the power of the Word of God will establish a peace that shall
eternally remain effective and secure.
Convey on my behalf to all the family, greetings and kindness.
Upon thee be Baha-El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, Bahjeh, Acca, Palestine, July 22, 1919.)

