194 STAR OF THE WEST
the secretary be authorized to cast as
ballot for each of the nineteen persons
so nominated as the teaching commit-
tee named by the Convention. This mo-
tion Was carried.
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab presented to the
Convention the matter of the Persian-
American Educational Society and its
splendid work in Persia, especially in
the Tarbiat school. He spoke of its need
of re-invigoration and reorganization,
and that a Tablet from Abdul-Ba-ha,
which had just reached him, expressed
the hope that the Tarbiat school would
receive assistance from the American
friends. Mirza Sohrab hoped that the
Convention would be able to take some
action on_ this important matter. He
spoke of the great sacrifice of many of
the eastern Bahais to send contributions
to the Mashrekol-Azkar here, a.nd re-
ferred to the great benefit which would
come from this reciprocation from us
with reference to the support of the Tar-
biat school. It was announced by Mrs.
Boyle that there are fifty-eight scholar-
ships in good standing which have been
kept up. It was understood that any
special funds so contributed are to be
sent to Persia in the name of our dear
brother Joseph H. Hannen through Mr.
Willielm.
Upon motion duly made and sec-
onded, it Was voted to refer all matters
connected With the passing upon arti-
cles, books a.nd Writings concerned in the
Cause not specifically exempted by the
Tablets, to the Executive Board in ac-
cordance With a Tablet to Miss Jean
Masson on this subject, dated July 22,
1919.
The committee which had been ap-
pointed to prepare the resolutions on
the departure of our dear brother and
friend Mr. Hannen, reported as follows,
through lMrs. VVats-on. Mrs. Watson
said in part: would like to pay a
little tribute personally to that beloved
saint who has ascended to the Supreme
Concourse. I knew him for nineteen
years; he Was indeed a faithful servant;
one who brought sunshine and joy into
every meeting, and I can scarcely put
into Words and express the grief now,
in these days, when W6 miss him; but
Bahais submit, and with radiant joy ac-
cept Whatsoever He Wills." This is the
resolution:
"The Twelfth Bahai Congress, i11
Convention assembled, offers the follow-
ing resolution:
"Whereas, our beloved brother, Jo-
seph H. Hannen, has ascended to the
Supreme Concourse, and is therefore
freed from this furnace of mor-
tality;'
"And Wit-crews, he was a faithful ser-
vant of Abdul-Baha, firm in the Center
of the Covenant, and untiring in his ef-
forts for the Cause of BArm'o'nnArr,
"It Is Hereby Resolved that all the
friends of God offer praise and gratitude
to the threshold of Almighty God, and
beseech for the family and friends of
this free soul, consolation, assistance,
guidance and enlightenment. May they,
in this calamity, realize the providence
of Cod. 
Upon motion duly made and seconded,
this resolution was unanimously adopted.
Mr. Harris stated to the Convention
that a telegram had just come that Miss
Fannie Knobloch had passed the crisis
and was out of danger. The Convention
paused in its Work for a few moments
of silent prayer in gratitude to God for
this divine assistance to this blessed
maid-servant.
Mr. 1/IacNutt explained to the Con-
vention the situation in connection With
the voice-record made by Abdul-Baha
while in the United States, saying that
he, Mr. MacNutt, had endeavored since
1912 to persuade the Columbia Graph0-
phone Company to sell the matrix of this
record, but without success so far. He
urged the Convention to appoint a com-
mittee to take this matter up to see if
this valuable master-record of the voice
of Abdul-B-aha could not be perman-
ently secured and protected for future
generations. Mr. ]vIacNutt further spoke

