STAR OF THE WEST 37
favor and mercy and do not treat them accordingly to Thy justice and Wrath
through which the backs of the mighty ones are shaken!
Lord! Verily the wars have prolonged, the calamities have increased, and
every building hath turned into ruin.
Lord! Verily the breasts are agitated and the souls are convulsed. Have
mercy on these poor ones and do not leave them to do with themselves that
which they desire!
Lord! Send forth throughout Thy countries humble and submissive souls,
their faces illumined with the rays of guidance, severed from the World, speak-
ing Thy remembrance and praise and diffusing Thy holy fragrances amongst
mankind!
Lord! Strengthen their backs, reinforce their loins and dilate their breasts
with the signs of Thy most great love.
Lord! Verily they are weak and Thou art the Powerful and the Mighty,
and they are impotent and Thou art the Helper a11d the Merciful!
Lord! Verily the sea of transgression is waving high and these hurricanes
will not be calmed down save through Thy boundless grace which hath embraced
all the regions!
Lord! Verily the souls are in the deep valleys of lust and nothing will
awaken them save Thy most wonderful bounties.
Lord! Dispel these darknesses of temptations and illumine the hearts with
the lamp of Thy love, through which all the countries will be enlightened. Con-
firm those believers Who, leaving their countries, their families and their chil-
dren, travel throughout the regions, for the sake of the love of Thy beauty, the
diffusion of Thy fragrances and the promulgation of Thy teachings. Be Thou
their companion in their loneliness, their helper in a strange land, the remover
of their sorrow, the comforter in their calamity, their deliverer in their hardship,
the satisfier of their thirst, the healer of their malady and the allayer of the
fire of their longing.
Verily, Thou art the Clement, the Possessor of Mercy, and Verily, Thou art
the Compassionate and the Merciful!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, April 8th, 1919, Washington, D. C.)
The Most Great Characteristic: The Center of the Covenant
(Continued from page 31)
Wanted to know who had done it. The
enemies of the Christians told him that
Paul, Peter and the Christians, to whom
he had given freedom, were the cause
of the burning of the city of Rome, the
most beautiful capital of the world at
that time. He immediately became
their oppressor and put to death those
two great Paul and Peter.
Thus not only did the Jews, but the
Romans as well take Part in the per-
secution. Briefly, for three hundred
years the Christians were oppressed.
Then Constantine, the brave Emperor
of Rome, became a Christian. He
spread Christianity throughout the
world and it began to progress from
that time. He moved from Rome and
made his capital in Constantinople, that
city being named in his honor. It was
the glory of Christianity when Constan~
tine was the Emperor. 'Nhat else did

