STAR OF THE WEST 125
And among the teachings of His Holiness is, that religion
must be the cause of fellowship and love. If it becomes the cause of estrange-
ment then it is not needed, for religion is like a remedy; if it aggravates the
disease then it becomes unnecessary.
And among the teachings of is, that religion must be in con-
formity with science and reason, so that it may influence the hearts of men.
The foundation must be solid and must not consist of imitations.
And among the teachings of is, that religious, racial, political,
economic and patriotic prejudices destroy the edifice of humanity. As long as
these prejudices prevail, the world of humanity will not have rest. For a period
of 6,000 years history informs us about the world of humanity. During these
6,000 years the world of humanity has not been free from war, strife, murder
and blood-thirstiness. In every period war has been waged in one country or
another and that war was due to either religious prejudice, racial prejudice,
political prejudice or patriotic prejudice. It has therefore been ascertained and
proved that all prejudices are destructive of the human edifice. As long as these
prejudices persist, the struggle for existence must remain dominant, and blood-
thirstiness and rapacity continue. Therefore, even as was the case in the past,
the world of humanity cannot be saved from the darkness of nature and cannot
attain illumination except through the abandonment of prejudices and the
acquisition of the morals of the Kingdom.
If this prejudice and enmity are on account of religion, (consider that)
religion should be the cause of fellowship, otherwise it is fruitless. And if this
prejudice be the prejudice of nationality, (consider that) all mankind are of one
nation; all have sprung from the tree of Adam, and Adam is the root of the
tree. That tree is one and all these nations are like branches, while the indi-
viduals of humanity are like leaves, blossoms and fruits thereof. Then the estab-
lishment of various nations and the consequent shedding of blood and destruc-
tion of the edifice of humanity result from human ignorance and selfish motives.
As to the patriotic prejudice, this isalso due to absolute ignorance, for the
surface of the earth is one native land. Every one can live in any spot on the
terrestrial globe. Therefore all the world is man's These boundaries
and outlets have been devised by man. In the creation, such boundaries and
outlets were not assigned. Europe is one continent, Asia is one continent,
Africa is one continent, Australia is one continent, but some of the souls from
personal motives and selfish interests, have divided each one of these continents
and considered a certain part as their own country. God has set up no frontier
between France and Germany; they are continuous. Yea, in the first centuries,
selfish souls for the promotion of their own interests, have assigned boundaries
and outlets and have day by day, attached more importance to these, until this
led to intense enmity, bloodshed and rapacity in subsequent centuries. In the
same way this will continue indefinitely, and if this conception of patriotism
remains limited within a certain circle, it will be the primary cause of the world's
destruction. No wise and just person will acknowledge these imaginary distinc-
tions. Every limited area which we call our native country we regard as our
mother-land, whereas the terrestrial globe is the mother-land of all, and not any
restricted area. In short, for a few days we live on this earth and eventually
we are buried in it, it is our eternal tomb. Is it worth while that we should
engage in bloodshed and tear one another to pieces for this eternal tomb? Nay,

