STAR OF THE WEST 151
I seen so many thinking and unbiased
souls as in the west,--and if it is pos-
sible for any Bahai friends, who are
seeking for a new field of labor, to come
as far west as British Columbia, may
they come and live in Vancouver. When
a Bahai home is opened up here, meet-
ings can begin."
One of Jenabi Fazel's Wise sayings
seems to fit right here, for Miss Jack
does not consider herself a great pub-
lic speaker, and the secret of her suc-
cess is found in this saying: "The
only thing which will enable one to give
the Message to the people of the world,
is not eloquence nor logic: it is rather
pure faith, love and ecstacy."
ANNIE PARMERTON
Mrs. Annie Parmerton had an inter-
esting month in Cleveland speaking at
the North Congregational Church where
they have an open forum. Socialists,
Materialists, Christians, Jews and others
were there represented in the meeting
where she spoke and gave the Message
of the Kingdom: a very mixed audi-
ence and just such a representation as
usually appears at an open forum in
any city. A number were attracted and
asked for literature, for the most part
on the social and economic teachings.
The pastor of the church extended an
invitation for a return engagement there
in the fall, and he will welcome to his
church any Bahai speaker visiting the
city. Other private meetings were ar-
ranged in Cleveland for both the colored
and white people, and there were many
private interviews with strangers and
friends, resulting in attraction, zeal, en-
thusiasm and a larger unity.
While Mrs. Parmerton was in San-
dusky, Ohio, a new spirit was revived
in the Assembly, and through divine con-
firmations, the banner of the Covenant
was manifest, which means a quicken-
ing into real life and activity. Mrs.
Parmerton also visited Akron, Dayton,
Hamilton and Middletown, Ohio.
BEECHER
"Mother" Beecher gives some very
encouraging news of the progress of the
work everywhere she has been traveling.
She spent two very profitable weeks i11
New Haven, Conn., giving the Message
both in public a11d private meetings, so
that a large number of people in that
city heard the glad-tidings. Interest
was very general, but the Theosophists
in particular seemed very much at-
tracted; a group of them attended
several of the meetings, and said the
reason they did so was because there
was life in Bahai meetings. Now
through this service and the work also
of the Misses Thompson, residents of
New Haven and who have been striv-
ing to- hold aloft the Bahai ideals there
for so long, the field in New Haven is
quite ready for another traveling
teacher. "Mother" Beecher also served
in New'Jersey for a short time, and
then returned to Canada where she re-
mained for a few days in Montreal, then
went on to Brockville, Ont. Of her
experience there "Mother" Beecher
writes:
have found some great souls seek-
ing light and peace, mostly church peo-
ple who have grown discontented, and
are reaching out after something ra-
tional. What a privilege to teach Chris-
tians from their own Bible! I have
longed and prayed for years for this
bounty, and strange to say since I came
into Canada last October my work has
been nearly all among that class. Also
among some Jews. My work here has
been private, that is, in homes, rather
than in public meetings."
For one like "Mother" Beecher, who
will on the 26th of July be 80 years old
(or 80 years young as in her case), we
can readily see that the limitations of
the human physical do not always oper-
ate when the spirit within one takes full
control, and we strive "to live and move
and have our being" in the Center oi
Life.

