36 STAR OF THE WEST
In short, after this universal war, the people have obtained extraordinary
capacity to hearken to the divine teachings, for the Wisdom of this war is this:
That it may become proven to all that the fire of war is world-consuming,
whereas the rays of peace are world-enlightening. One is death, the other is
life; that is extinction, this is immortality; one is the most great calamity, the
other is the most great bounty; that is darkness, this is light; that is eternal
humiliation and this is everlasting glory; one is the destroyer of the foundation
of man, the other is the founder of the prosperity o-f the human race.
Consequently, a number of souls may arise and act in accordance with the
aforesaid conditions and hasten to all parts of the world, especially from Amer-
ica to Europe, Africa, Asia and Australia, and travel through Japan and China.
Likewise, from Germany teachers and believers may travel to the continents of
America, Africa, Japan and China; in brief, they may travel through all the
continents and islands of the globe. Thus in a short space of time, most won-
derful results will be produced, the banner of universal peace will be waving
on the apex of the wo-rld and the lights of the oneness of the World of humanity
may illumine the universe.
In brief, ye believers of God! The text of the divine Book is this:
If two souls quarrel and contend about a question of the divine questions, dif-
fering and disputing, both are wrongi. The wisdom of this incontrovertible law
of God is this: That between two souls from amongst the believers of God, no
contention and dispute might arise; that they may speak with each other with
infinite amity .and love. Should there appear the least trace of controversy,
they must remain silent, and both parties must continue their discussions no
longer, but ask the reality of the question from the Interpreter. This is the
irrefutable command!
Upon ye be Baha-El-Abha!

God! God! Thou seest that black darkness hath encompassed all the
regions, all the countries are burning with the confiagration of dissension and
the fire of war and carnage is ignited in the Easts of the earth and the Wests
thereof. The blood is being shed, the corpses are stretched and the heads are
decapitated and thrown on the ground in the battlefield.
Lord! Lord! Have pity on these ignorant ones, look upon them with the
of forgiveness and pardon. Extinguish this that these gloomy
clouds covering the horizon may be scattered; the Sun of Reality may shine
forth with the rays of conciliation; this darkness be rent asunder and all the
countries be illumined with the lights of peace.
Lord! Awaken them from the depths of the sea of animosity, deliver them
from these impenetrable darknesses, establish affinity between their hearts and
enlighten their eyes with the light of peace and reconciliation.
Lord! Rescue them from the fathomless depths of war and bloodshed!
Arouse them out of the gloom of error, rend asunder the veil from their eyes,
brighten their hearts with the light of guidance, deal with them through Thy

