STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of afifection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. ll Kamal l, 76 (August 20, 1920) No. 9
Recent Tablet from Abdul-Baha to Mrs. Corinne True
To the dear daughter of the Kingdom, Mrs. Corinne True, Chicago, Ill.--Upon
her be the light of God, the Most Luminous!
He Is God!
thou dear daughter of the Kingdom!
Thy letter has been received and the proceedings of the Convention under-
stood. Thanks be unto God that this Convention was supported by the con~
firmations of the Kingdom of Abha and as thou didst Wish it was formed and
ended.
Praise be unto God, that the model of the Mashrekol-Azkar made by Mr.
Bourgeois Was approved by his honor, Mr. Remey, and selected by the Con-
vention. His honor, Mr. Remey is, verily, of perfect sincerity. He is like
unto transparent water, filtered, lucid and Without any impurity. He Worked
earnestly for several years, but he did not have any personal motive. He has
not attachment to anything except to the Cause of God. This is the spirit of
the firm and this is the characteristic of the sincere.
The model of the Mashrekol-Azkar is, however, too big. It needs several
millions of dollars for the cost (of construction). If possible, Mr. Bourgeois
may reproduce the same model on a smaller scale, so that one million dollars
may suffice for its construction. This should be reconsidered only if possible.
Thy services to the Mashrekol-Azkar are accepted at the Threshold of the
Most Great One.
Convey on my behalf the most Wonderful Abha greetings to all the friends,
especially to the House of Spirituality and other Assemblies. Practice utmost
affection towards thy dear daughters on my behalf. I have no opportunity
to write more than this.
Upon thee be the light of the Most Luminous!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Azizullah S. Bahadur, June 12th, 1920, Haifa, Palestine.)

