STAR OF THE WEST l7
rapid growth, but the light and heat of the Sun of Truth in this divine spring-
time shall prevail.
Meanwhile-
Let the writers of such articles as Abdul-Baha demands, send in articles to
the STAR on THE WEST. Let the Bahais of America "subscribe for this growing
newspaper only for service to the cause of God," as Abdul-Baha commanded the
Bahais of Persia to do. For it is evident that it cannot grow without the means
of subsistence.
IMPORTANT:
Through a misunderstanding the Bahais of the Occident believed that the
"blessed days," foreseen by Daniel (Chap. 12, verse began in the year 73
of the Bahai dispensation, which corresponds to the year 1917 of the Christian
calendar, or 100 years after the birth of but this error on our part
has been corrected by Abdul-Baha in a recent Tablet to Faraz'Allah Zaki El-
Curdi, as follows:
"As to the question thou hast asked in connection with the verse in Daniel 's
book, namely: 'Blessed is he who cometh to the thousand three and
five and thirty days.' This year should be taken as a solar year and not a lunar
one, for in accordance with this calculation one century will have elapsed from
the rising of the Sun of Truth, when the teachings of God will have been firmly
established, when the lights will have flooded all the regions in the East as well
as the West. On that day will the believing souls rejoice. . . 
This indicates that there are over thirty years more of storm and sunshine,
of difficulty and happiness before the beginning of the blessed millennial summer
time of the Kingdom of God on earth.
Let us appreciate the value of the springtime.
Allaho 'Abha 
--The ditors.
Letter from the Secretary of Bahai Temple Unity
to the Bahais of America
ye lovers of the Beauty of the
True One,
Become ye self-sacrificing
Become ye self-sacrificing."
ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
To the Bahai Assemblies of America
and Canada, Greetings in His Name:
I am now able to give the dear friends
the detailed information of the ap-
proaching convention and congress
which was necessarily omitted in the call
for the election of delegates issued Feb-
ruary 18th, 1920.
The Assemblies are stirring with a
new life at the news of the momentous
events which this convention is to
enact. An increasing number of Tablets
from the Center of the Covenant evi-
dence the will and desire of the Beloved
is to place in the hands of the selected
and elected delegates to these conven-
tions greater and larger responsibilities
than ever before. He is training us in
the accomplishment of the divine affairs
entrusted to us. He is blessing us in un-
covering Within us a capacity to do this,
which has been largely dormant hitherto.
That We must arise in accord with the
spiritual instructions and perform this
work with the greatest Wisdom, love, and
union is a part of the great Covenant to
which we have pledged ourselves. In
these spiritual instructions the Center of
the Covenant has addressed the lordly
and divine gatherings such as this forth-
coming. representative gathering of the
friends of God. One of the conditions
of attainment to the supreme and

