74 STAR OF THE WEST
sons of God. The Bahais strive not for
money, but for souls."
Mrs. Zoraya Chamberlain was the next
speaker: 'You are loosed from your
ancient superstitions, destroying the
foundation of humanity!' This was the
salutation of Abdul-Baha when in Lon-
don, in his greeting to the Western
world, awakeningthe universal race con-
sciousness. And Abdul-Baha told the
story of the Maj/noon of love. The di-
vine love is ideal freedom. Be free, like
the balloon that has no rope of attach-
ment to catch in the tree tops! Fellow-
ship! Unity! That is the cry! This
is the new consciousness. There are dif-
ferent colors, viewpoints, pre-conceived
ideas. But all agree in the new dawn.
Mirza Abul Fazl said the important
thing to know is the greatness of the
Day in which we live. Agree on this
and there will be agreement about other
things."
Miss Juliet Thompson, presiding, read
from the Words of Abdul-Baha telling
how the Spirit confers "that brilliant
intuition which is independent of tui-
tion." She then introduced Dr. Wil-
liam N. Guthrie as one who was ever
demonstrating at St. Marks, in the Bow-
ery, one of the great Bahai principles.
the oneness of religion.
The subject of Dr. Guthrie was,
"Leaves from the greater Bible." He
said that truth could be presented as
well humorously as solemnly and there-
upon made a plea for tolerance which
entertained with its pithy statements
and proved the speaker 's standing as a
scholar and philosopher. Some of his
pungent sayings were:
"To know and study man, visit the
zoo!" He probably had in mind the
animal nature in man, which is one side
of, but not the reality of man.
"Love the things that disagree with
you because they agree with somebody
else."
want you to be you and nobody
else."
"Every man who is really educated
and intelligent is tolerant. The name
of ignorance is bigotry."
"All religions are true and beneficial
and from God. The best religion is the
most lovable.' 
"Every one can see the devil, but only
rare souls can see God."
"The Greater Bible is all t-he Bibles."
"Mountain peaks can see each other
and therefore admire each other; val-
leys cannot, therefore hate each other."
"Beautiful things will vindicate char-
acter when beautifully presented."
"Friends share all things, even pray-
ers. 
Mrs. A. S. Parsons, just off the steamer
and returning from her pilgrimage to
the holy Shrine and meeting with
Abdul-Baha, brought a beautiful mes-
sage. Abdul-Baha gave this message
April 15th. The spirit of it was: "Ye
must think now of spiritual afiairs. Try
to enlighten the minds and spread the
teachings of which bring
light to the darkness. The snows of dis-
sention are melted by the Sun 'of BAHA-
This is the true life. It makes
the blind see, the lame walk and brings
heavenly assurance."
The next day he said: "You are now
on your way home. For each one there
is a message. My greetings to all my
dear friends, the servants of BAHA-
and for this reason dear to me.
I am always praying for them; that they
may attain the height of Guidance, that
they may not be comfortless; that they
may live in accord and that they may
be physicians of the sick."
Mme. Ahmad Sohrab, the bride, here
read a Tablet which told of the impreg-
nable condition found in the Covenant,
the fortified fortress of the religion.
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, with power and
penetration, proclaimed the Covenant.
He said: "The power of the Covenant
makes possible this luminous gathering
in which East and West are united and
the bounties of the Lord of Hosts ap-
pear. We are all the children of Abdul-
Baha. We are the creation of his love.

