STAR OF THE WEST 117
playing i11 a large grocery store. Sao
Paulo in climate, beauty and business,
is ideal.
Miss Root went to four hotels before
she could find a place, then paid as high
as the prices in New York, had a room
on the fifth floor and no elevator. The
owners were Italians but could speak
French, though no English. Sao Paulo
with her population of 500,000 has as
much hotel accommodations as has an
American town of 5,000. It is destined,
however, to be one of the greatest cen-
ters of the business World, perhaps with-
in a century.
Going to the largest newspaper, Es-
tado do Sao Pa-ulo, to meet the editor
and explain the Bahai Cause, Miss Root,
at the same time, met a Syrian lawyer
from Mt. Lebanon. was educated in
Beirut College and has resided in Sao
Paulo twenty years. His name is Assad
Bechara; his passionate aim and ideal
is the liberation of his country and that
the United States shall be "its brother 's
keeper" until Syria like Cuba can be
independent. She gave him the Mes-
sage, seeing him each day, and as the
15,000 Syrians in Sao Paulo, some of
whom are from Beirut, have a semi-
public library, presented them with
Mons. Dreyfus' book, The Bahai Revela-
tion. There are 100,000 Syrians in Bra-
zil.
The Director of the Rockefeller Foun-
dation, Dr. S. F. Darling, who has been
in Sao Paulo for five years making a
demonstration for the Brazilian Gov-
ernment, listened to the Message, and
the book, Divine Philosophy, was pre-
sented to the Faeulada de Madicina li-
brary. Dr. Darling is one of the re-
nowned men of the world. He made the
famous hookworm demonstration (under
the Rockefeller Foundation) in Africa,
Panama, Java and Fiji Islands and is
making a similar demonstration in Bra-
zil. He said he would read the Bahai
literature. This great new institution
is going to play a leading part in the
medical profession in Brazil. The
United States or any other country,
would be proud of an institution such
as this is going to be. It is one and one-
half years old now, housed in the palace
of a former coffee baron, and attended
by hundreds of medical students, who
came to work in the laboratories and to
attend Dr. Darling's lectures. It is the
most advanced institution Miss Root saw
in Brazil. The Brazilian Government
invited the Rockefeller Foundation to
come and the two are working together.
Bahai books on social lines would be
very good for this library.
Taking the train, September 10th.
from Sao Paulo for Santos, a two-hour's
ride, Miss Root saw probably the richest
short railroad in the world, and most
perfect. An American railroad presi-
dent when asked what could be done to
improve it said he knew of nothing un-
less to set its rails with diamonds. The
train hovers like a bird around the
mountain sides, and one is thrilled,
awed by the grandeur of millions of for-
est trees, above and below. Eleven tun-
nels are blasted through solid rock and
there are mountains of granite. Arriv-
ing in Santos she left her bags at the
station and Walked half _a mile to a
small Brazilian Hotel which proved to
be a very good one. The population of
Santos is 200,000. During the first six
months of 1919, Brazilian exports were
$274,304,000, of which $147,526,000
passed through the port of Santos.
The next morning, Miss Root looked up
the library; it is not a city library, but
one for all people employed in the busi-
ness world of Santos. Its name explains
it: Sociadade Humanitaria des Em-
pregades, no Commercio. There are five
thousand volumes and newspapers and
magazines from all Brazil. The Direc-
tor, who speaks Englisheasy matter to turn to
their files and show them articles about
the Bahai Cause in a dozen papers.
They seemed delighted with the books
she left there: Abclul-Bahafs London
Talks, Table Talks with Abdul-Bella
(the \Vinterburn's book) and the blue

