STAR OF THE WEST 181
more entertaining than the theatre. Call
it a play and not the parliament.'
"The purpose is this, that consulta-
tion must have for its aim or object the
investigation of truth. He who ex-
presses an opinion must 11ot voice his
opinion as if that opinion is correct or
right, but he must give it as a contribu-
tion to the consensus of opinion, for
the light of reality becomes apparent
when there is a coincidence of two opin-
ions. Because When you have the flint
and the steel, you will have a spark pro-
duced when the two come together. The
negative force and the positive force
coming together produce, as it were,
electricity. It is the friction of the two
which is productive of light. That should
be the object. \Vith the greatest or the
utmost serenity, sobriety, soberness of
temperament, with the utmost state of
tranquillity, perfect composure and ab-
solute calm and composure should man
weigh his opinions. But before express-
ing his own opinion he must weigh the
opinion previously expressed. VVhen he
sees that the o-pinio11 previously ex-
pressed is better, he must immediately
accept it. He must not be wilful in hav-
ing an opinion of his own. This we call
the endeavor at arrival at unity or
truth. That is very good.
"But should it be an opposition and
cause dispersion, it is very bad. It is bet-
ter then to have one opinion, because the
individual opinion of a Wise man is bet-
ter. But if it is simply opposition or al-
tercation in which varied and divergent
opinions will be presented, then there is
need of a judicial body to discuss the
opinions expressed, and the opinion of
the majority (of that 
though the consensus of opinion, that is
to say, the quorum--may decide upon a
thing that may be correct. A thousand
people may give opinions and may be
mistaken, and one sagacious person may
give an opinion and be right. That is
possible. In the utmost of love consul-
tation must be held. The members must
be in the greatest spirit of fellowship
toward one another, so that good results
may be forthcoming. That is the foun-
dation.
"In the realm of consultation the
greatest was the council held by the dis-
ciples of Jesus Christ after His ascension
or departure. That was consultation.
They got together on the summit of the
mount and said: 'His Holiness, Jesus
Christ, has been crucified and We have
no intercourse with Him, therefore We
must be loyal and faithful to Him, we
must appreciate Him, He resuscitated
us, He made us wise, He gave us life.
We must be faithful. What shall We
do?' And they held council. One of
them said, must detach ourselves,
that is to say, lessen our attachments;
with attachments or fetters We cannot
do this.' Everybody said: 'That is so.'
Another among them said: 'Either we
must be married and be faithful to our
wives and children, take care of our
families, or we must serve our Lord
freely Without these ties. 'Ne cannot
keep families, care for them, and at the
same time herald the Kingdom in the
Wilderness. Therefore, those men who
have not married, Would better not
marry, and those who have married must
provide means of sustenance and com-
fort for their families, so they will not
be in need, and then leave them in com-
fort and depart.' They said, 'That is
right.' And there was no disagreement
or dissenting voices. All agreed. The
third said: 'To do some Worthy deed
you have to be self-sacrificing. If We
should want to be .at ease and also teach,
these two will not coincide. From now
onywe must forego ease, We must accept
every difficulty.' Everybody said: 'That
is right.' The fifth said: 'Oh, this has
another aspect! For Jesus' sake, we
shall be beaten, we will be imprisoned,
we will be exiled. They may kill us.
Let us learn this lesson now. Let us
know that We may be beaten, we shall
be banished, We shall be cursed, we shall
be spat upon, and we may be killed. Let
us accept all this. Surely we Will! That

