STAR OF 
manifestation of this blessed verse: 
do not ask ye any reward. Verily my
reward is with God, the Lord of the two
worlds. It is written: 'If for the sake
of thy self-sacrifice thou desirest a com-
pensation, the compensation which is
given by His Holiness the Almighty is
the best of all.' 
The plan of the Mashrekol-Azkar
HE WEST 257
was observed. Importance lies in its
building. It is my hope that this foun-
dation may be built.
Convey longing greeting to all the
friends.
Upon thee be El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Received July, 1920.)
"His honor Fazel is a revered person"
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA TO ROY o. WILHELM
To his honor, Mr. Roy C. 'Wilhelm, New
York City,--Upon him be the Glory
of God, the Most Glorious!
Is God!
thou my dear affectionate son 
Two letters from thee have arrived.
Exercise thou the utmost love and kind-
ness towards Bedros Darakjian! He
should continue the work which he has
already undertaken.
His honor Fazel is a revered person.
He has been growing for a long time in
the Cause. Next to his honor, Mirza
Abul Fazl, he is the best informed of
his contemporaries. He has no aspira-
tion save service to the Cause of God.
He is a scholar, he is appreciative and
grateful to thee.
Thou hast written that the House of
Spirituality of New York is splendidly
confirmed and consequently the number
of the friends is increasing. This news
imparted great joy. My hope is that
New York may become the center of
this great Cause: the glad-tidings of the
Kingdom of God may encompass 
the banner of the oneness of the World
of humanity may be raised, and the
divine teachings may pitch their pa-
vilion in that city. In my trip to
America I spent a long time in New
York. I Went to Washington and re-
turned to New Yorkfi I went to Boston
and returned to New York. I went to
Chicago and came back to New York.
I visited California and Went back to
New York. From this it becomes evi-
dent that I feel the utmost attachment
to New York.
Well, thou and all the friends should
encourage the souls (people) to become
firm in attachment to the Testament and
Covenant, for the power of the Covenant
brings together and makes them united
and harmonious; otherwise every ambi-
tious soul arises to bring about their
separation, in order to draw a few souls
around himself. The souls who were
crying in all the assemblies and meet-
ings (of the friends), that everybody
who did not adhere to the Covenant and
Testament of God, Was excommunicated,
wicked, expelled from the threshold of
the Blessed Beauty and was hopeless of
the mercy of God, yielded then to ambi-
tion, sought for fame and arose to vio-
late the Covenant. Thou observest. now
how abject and miserable they have
become. In every age many such people
appeared, but in the end they fell into
manifest misery.
Thou observest that after His Holiness
Christ,--May my soul be sacrificed for
many different sects ap-
peared. Read thou the book of his
honor, Mirza Abul Fazl! In the his-
tory of the Church this is written
and recorded. Of them was the Patri-
arch of Alexandria who attempted to
give false impressions. One million and
a half people became his adherents.
Even the Emperor of Constantinople
(followed him). He produced a great

