124 STAR OF THE WEST
is mutual aid and co-operation among the peoples of the World and the cause of
the good-pleasure of the True One in the Heavenly Realm.
There is not one soul Whose conscience does not testify that in this day
there is no more important matter in the World than that of Universal Peace.
Every just one bears witness to this and adores that esteemed Assembly because
its aim is that this darkness may be changed into light, this blood-thirstiness
into kindness, this torment into bliss, this hardship into ease and this enmity
and hatred into fellowship and love. Therefore, the effort of those esteemed
souls is worthy of praise and commendation.
But the wise souls who are aware of the essential relationships emanating
from the realities of things consider that one single matter cannot, by itself,
influence the human reality as it ought and should, for until the minds of men
become united, no important matter can be accomplished. At present Universal
Peace is a matter of great importance, but unity of conscience is essential, so that
the foundation of this matter may become secure, its establishment firm and
its edifice strong.
Therefore His Holiness fifty years ago, expounded this ques-
tion of Universal Peace at a time when he was confined in the fortress of Acca
and was wronged and imprisoned. He wrote about this important matter of
Universal Peace to all the great sovereigns of the world, and established it
among his friends in the Orient. The horizon of the East was in utter dark-
ness, nations displayed the utmost hatred and enmity towards each other, reli-
gions thirsted for each 0ther's blood, and it was darkness upon darkness. At
such a time His Holiness shone forth like the sun from the hori-
zon of the East and illumined Persia with the lights of these teachings.
Among his teachings was the declaration of Universal Peace. People of
different nations, religions and sects who followed him came together to such
an extent that remarkable gatherings were instituted consisting of the various
nations and religions of the East. Every soul who entered these gatherings saw
but one nation, one teaching, one pathway, one order, for the teachings of His
Holiness were not limited to the establishment of Universal Peace.
They embraced many teachings which supplemented and supported that of
Universal Peace.
Among these teachings was the independent investigation of reality so
that the world of humanity may be saved from the darkness of imitation and
attain to the truth; may tear oif and cast away this ragged and outgrown gar-
ment of 1,000 years ago and may put on the robe Woven in the utmost purity
and holiness in the loom of reality. As reality is one and cannot admit of
multiplicity, therefore different opinions must ultimately become fused into one.
And among the teachings of His Holiness is the oneness of
the World of humanity; that all human beings are the sheep of God and He
is the kind Shepherd. This Shepherd is kind to all the sheep, because He cre-
ated them all, trained them, provided for them and protected them. There is
no doubt that the Shepherd is kind to all the sheep and should there be among
these sheep ignorant ones, they must be educated; if there be children, they must
be trained until they reach maturity; if there be sick ones, they must be cured.
There must be no hatred and enmity. As by a kind physician these ignorant,
sick ones should be treated.

