30 STAR OF THE WEST
mation--and it is done. What difference
does it make if it doesn't come at once'?
Does that alter the fact"? We who see the
sun rise and cross the equinox every
springtime, do We s.ay, because the whole
world does not burst into beauty and
harvest at once, that it won't come"? I
tell you the first blade of grass is the
whole thing, to anyone who sees. And
so when the \Vord of God goes forth,
the thing is done.
Arise! Arise! ye chosen of the
world, and be ye the divine helpers of
God, says How"? Praise
be to God, the command not only goes
forth but the way of development is
shown not only in words but in example.
says, "Though ye out off
my limbs, yet shall the love of God not
depart out of my heart. Verily, I was
created for sacrifice, therefore do I
glory over the world." Do you want
then to know how you shall glory over
the world, how you shall establish the
Kingdom of God in hearts, how you shall
carry out the teachings of these blessed
Tablets that we are listening to'? Here
is the recipe, "Though they cut off my
limbs, yet shall the love of God not de-
part out of my heart. I was created for
sacrifice, therefore do I glory over the
world!" Those who believe in BAHA-
those who have turned their
hearts to the Center of His Covenant,
those who love the Blessed Perfection,
were created by the Sun of Reality in
the human temple for sacrifice, and by
sacrifice shall they glory over the World
as He did and establish the Kingdom of
the promised One in the hearts and souls.
"The blessed person of the promised
One is interpreted in the holy books as
the Lord of Hosts, i. the heavenly
armies! By heavenly armies those souls
are intended who are free from the hu-
man world, transformed into celestial
spirits and have become divine angels."
There are your celestial armies. They
who shall become divine angels, are those
who have turned their backs upon the
world, who were created by the love of
God and His Blessed Beauty for sacri-
fice.
Allaho 'Abha 
The Most Great Characteristic: The Center of the Covenant
Address by DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI of Chicago, delivered at the Eighth Session of
the Bahai Congress at Hotel lV[cAlpin, New York City, 'Wednesday
afternoon, April 30th, 1919. Stenographically reported.
A I have been quite ill for the last
three days, I did not expect to be
here this afternoon, but memory recalled
a beautiful afternoon, in the year 1912,
when our beloved Abdul-Baha, the Cen-
ter of the Covenant, commanded his Per-
sian party, including this servant, to
address the friends in New York on the
same subject that we have this afternoon,
"The Center of the Covenant," and
therefore I was strengthened to come to
this blessed gathering.
Why is it that the most great charac-
teristic of the teachings of 
concerns the Center of the Covenant?
Why this greatness or extreme impor-
tance? Because the Covenant is the one
power that preserves unity among man-
kind, prevents sectarianism and protects
all the principles of For
example: The investigation of reality
is a principle of If one
were to say, can interpret that. It
has another meaning. It does not mean
that we must investigate reality." The
power of the Covenant is the one weapon
that would stop such an interpreter. If
one were to say, regarding the principle
of to do away with racial
and all other prejudices, understand
it differently, racial differences must
exist," the only weapon with which you
could overpower such an interpreter is
the Covenant. In other words, the only
interpreter is the beloved Abdul-Baha.
Should one in mo-st eloquent language

