72 STAR OF THE WEST
ence alone may result in horror. But
the moral uplift of the world is divine
Revelation. This is the source of true
science and pure morals. Moses, Christ,
Mohammed, in turn appeared and
brought true civilization to the World.
Today the world needs and is begging
for a great leader, one who can speak
with the voice and authority of God.
The answer of God to the longing of the
hearts and urgent call is the Voice of
His Greatest Manifestation, BAHA-
and the Light of the Center of
His Covenant, Abdul-Baha. 
Chairman Lunt: has
spoken of the inward calm light, but
outWa.rd fire. Let us beware lest this
fire be without its flame. Fire is the
power and flame is the evidence. 
falcon preys not on a dead mouse!' 
enabi Fazel Mazandarani of Persia
spoke: "There are two powers and pos-
sessions in man, the powers of morality
and spirituality. These cause distinc-
tion in man. One who lacks them is a
mere animal. There is no doubt that
man needs an education for his soul and
morals. History proves that without
education man cannot attain. The great-
est morality is love. Love and unity
cause the honor, and prosperity of man
and his entrance into the Kingdom of
God. All the holy Manifestations came
for this purpose, to cause love and unity.
The heavenly books reveal this as their
sole aim, to perfect humanity in love
and unity. All the discord in the world
is brought about by ignorance. People,
because of this, flee from pure religion
and cling to imitations and forms. Their
religion is like a mirror that is rusty.
This rust causes wars and bloodshed.
"The first principles of religion are
unchangeable; but the secondary prin-
ciples of religion meet the exigencies of
time. The only difference lies in mat-
ters of secondary importance. It is un-
fortunate that people do not consider the
important things but look only at the
outward forms. has arisen
from the horizon of Persia and has
taught the unity of all religions. His
Book is most effective and influential.
With our own eyes we can see that di-
vine power dispels differences. What
both our eyes and our hearts see cannot
be denied. The beautiful structure is
before our eyes. The East was formerly
a center of fanaticism. People were so
ignorant that they thought murder
praiseworthy. They thought it would
bring them nearer to God. This was not
according to the Holy Books but the
result of superstition. But since the
teachings of have spread,
different nations are in the utmost love.
The Jews, very superstitious and fanati-
cal, did no-t formerly accept Christ.
Now many of them have entered under
this standard. Different men of differ-
ent races and religions so mingle in
Bahai meetings that people cannot tell
one from another. Can there be greater
proof of the power of God!
"Were it not for the Bahai Cause the
people of the world would be fleeing
from religion. says, 'All
are branches of one tree, one race, one
creation.' Put aside blind imitation.
Try every day to promote the prosperity
of the world. 
THIRD SESSION OF THE
CONVENTION.
On April 28th many of the friends
gathered in an early morning prayer
meeting around the Bourgeois model of
the Mashrekol-Azkar, which had been
adopted by the Convention. There was
concentration in prayer and reading of
the verses and enabi Fazel Mazan-
darani chanted in Persian.
The new Temple Unity Board, whose
selection was completed at this session,
are: William H. Randall, Roy C. Wil-
helm, Alfred E. Lunt, Corinne True,
May Maxwell, Mountfort Mills, Albert
R. Vail, Louise D. Boyle and Frederick
D'Evelyn.
The new Committee of Nineteen on
Teaching, as appointed by the Conven-

