STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or -rm: 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of therfaith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE WEST, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the West, they may become informed with the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Arms.
STAR THECWEST FOUNDATION 
Northeastern States: HOOPER HARRIS.
Western States: HELEN S. GOODALL.
$0-"them 510;"; Dominion of Canada: MAY MAXYVELL.
Central States: ALBERT VAIL, CARL SCHEFFLER.
Editorial tafi' ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Vol. 11 Massa'ul 1, 76 (December 12, 1920) No. 15
The photograph shown on page 250
was sent to the STAR or THE by
enabi Fazel Mazandarani. It was
taken at Washington, D. C. Concern-
ing their stay in that city he writes:
"While in VVashingt0n We were the
guests of Mrs. Parsons, who not only
provided all the means of our comfort
and happiness, but she was busy all day
long arranging public meetings and
private interviews for us. Our morn-
ings Were spent in interviews with
prominent people of lvashington. In
the afternoon and until twelve o'clock
at night we had from two to four public
meetings before large audiences. The
picture was taken at a banquet given by
Mrs. Parsons, where many of the Bahais
and others were present. Thanks to
Mrs. Parsons for all her hospitality and
unadulterated servitude. are very
grateful to all the Bahais of VVasl1ing-
ton who are resolute and firm."
--The Editors.
"His honor Fazel, in reality, is perfect in all the grades"
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA TO MIRZA AHMAD SOHR-AB
To his honor, Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,--
Upon him be El-Abha!
He Is God!
thou servant of the Threshold of the
Blessed Perfection!
The maid-servant of God, Mrs. Hoagg,
and the maid-servant of God, Miss Cul-
ver, arrived. They brought your photo-
graph with green turban and that of
your respected wife; likewise the pho-
tograph of his honor Fazel with white
turban and luminous face. It was
conducive to great rejoicing. His
honor Fazel, in reality, is perfect in all
the grades--in knowledge and virtue,
in sincerity of intention, in beauty of
character, in severance from aught else
save God and attraction with the fra-
grances of God. Truly I say, he is the

