STAR OF THE WEST 33
from human qualities and the defects of the world of nature, are characterized
with the characteristics of God, and are attracted with the fragrances of the
Merciful. Like unto the apostles of Christ, who were filled with Him, these souls
also have become filled with His Holiness i. the love of BAHA-
has so mastered every organ, part and limb of their bodies, as to leave
no effect by the promptings of the human world.
These souls are the armies of God and the conquerors of the East and the
West. Should one of them turn his face toward some direction and summon
the people to the Kingdom of God, all the ideal forces and lordly confirmations
will rush to his support and reinforcement. He will behold all the doors open
and all the strong fortifications and impregnable castles razed to the ground.
Singly and alone he will attack the armies of the world, defeat the right and left
wings of the hosts of all the countries, break through the lines of the legions of
all the nations and carry his attack to the very center of the powers of the earth.
This is the meaning of the hosts of God.
Any soul from among the believers of wl1o attains to this
station, will become known as the apostle of Therefore strive ye
with heart and that ye may reach this lofty and exalted position, be
established on the throne of everlasting glory, and crown 'your heads with the
shining diadem of the Kingdom, whose brilliant jewels may irradiate upon cen-
turies and cycles.
ye kind friends! Uplift your magnanimity and soar high toward the
apex of heaven--so that your blessed hearts may become illuinined more and
more, day by day, through the rays of the Sun of Reality, i. His Holiness
at every moment the spirits may obtain a new life, and the dark-
ness of the world of nature may be entirely dispelled--thus ye may become in-
carnate light and personified spirit, become entirely unaware of the sordid mat-
ters of this World and in touch with the affairs of the divine world.
Consider ye what doors His Holiness has opened before you,
and what a high and exalted station He has destined for you, and what bounties
He has prepared for youl Should we become intoxicated with this cup, the sov-
ereignty of this globe of earth will become lower in our estimation than the
children's plays. Should they place in the arena the crown of the government
of the whole world, and invite each one of us to accept it, undoubtedly we will
not condescend, and will refuse to accept it.
To attain to this supreme station is, however, dependent on the realization
of certain conditions:
The first condition is firmness in the Covenant of God. For the power of
the Covenant will protect the Cause of fro-m the doubts of the
people of error. It is the fortified fortress of the Cause of God and the firm
pillar of the religion of God. Today no power can conserve the oneness of the
Bahai world save the Covenant of God; otherwise differences like unto a most
great tempest will encompass the Bahai world. It is evident that the axis of the

