STAR OF THE WEST 183
I was in the presence of the Master
(Abdul-Baha) he gave me a very glad
tiding, that is, regarding his health. And
We are here to tell you of his perfect
health. He was in splendid health and
so happy; his happiness had never been
greater or his health better and he was
greatly pleased with everything that was
going on in the Cause. He was very
glad indeed. We know why he was so
glad and so happy, because the Cause
is spreading rapidly and making prog-
ress everywhere. The only thing that
can make his heart happy is the spread
of the Cause.
"When we were in the presence of
the Master we received good news from
all over the world, from the East and
the West. When We Were there We
heard great news from America. He
was so pleased that he handed to the
friends there some of the letters you
had written to him, and they were trans-
lated for all the Bahais. It shows how
delighted the Master Was with you.
"There is also great progress and im-
provement going on in the East; they
are all so ablaze in the East that you
cannot imagine the greatness of it. In
former times they had so many difficul-
ties, especially in Persia. There was no
security of life for them at all; but now,
as they are more secure and free in these
times, they are doing better Work. They
have reported to the Master that in Te-
heran alone they have thirty meetings
every night for teaching. That is the
Way the Cause is advancing in Persia,
therefore the Master is exceedingly
pleased in these days. That which
pleases him most of all is the individ-
ual service and the taking of steps to
advance the Cause. V\7here there are
more meetings held, more success is
made.
"The Master wants every one of you
to take steps privately to teach the peo-
ple; that is to say, that all the Bahais
should spend their time in this service,
for such a wonderful capacity has ap-
peared in the people. These catastro-
phies and calamities that have occurred
in the world have opened the eyes of the
people, and they will see that they should
accept this Cause. In the first place, all
the prophecies that were mentioned in
our Holy Book have come to pass. With-
out any mistake, every one of them hap-
pened. All the prophecies in the Book
of Alsdas took place and these calamities
have prepared the people to understand
and accept this Cause. This is why a
special capacity and talent has been cre-
ated in the hearts of the people of the
World. We hope that every one of you
will spend all your time in serving hu-
manity. That is What pleases the Mas-
ter most. Allaho 'Abha 1' 
Miss Juliet Thompson, being called
upon by the chairman to read further
words concerning the question before
the Convention, read two talks of Ab-
dul-Baha given at 7 80 West End Ave-
nue, New York City, in 1912, as follows:
"The body-politic today is greatly in
need of a physician. It is similar to a.
human body afflicted with nervous ail-
ments. A doctor diagnoses the case and
then prescribes treatment. He does not
prescribe, however, until he has made
the diagnosis. The disease which af-
flicts the body-politic is lack of love
and absence of altruism. In the hearts
of men no real love is found, and the
condition is such that unless their sus-
ceptibilities are quickened by some
power so that unity, love and accord
may develop within them, there can be
no healing, or agreement among man-
kind. Love and unity are the needs of
the body-politic today. Without these
there can be no progress or prosperity
attained. Therefore, the friends of God
must adhere to the power which will
create this love and unity in the hearts
of the sons of men. Science cannot cure
the illness of the body-politic. Science
cannot create amity and fellowship in
human hearts. Neither can patriotism
or racial prejudice effect a remedy. It
(Continued on page 186)

