 STAR OF
East and of the West was the fruit of
The Covenant.
Now here in Germany I am experi-
eneing a similar blessing, for through
the kindness showered upon me here, I
feel this great love and devotion of our
friends here for the Bahais in America.
It is as Abdul-Baha teaches, when sol-
diers of the World rush into battle to
kill one another, soldiers of God's
Kingdom rush forward to embrace one
another.
With the Bahais here in Germany, I
have demonstrated to me daily that the
recent war has caused the love of the
friends here for those in America to
become more evident and manifest than
ever before. This is most apparent, be-
cause it is in such strong contrast with
the surrounding chaotic conditions of
this nether world. In the hearts of the
Bahais here there is not only no trace
of the national hatred, which of late
has characterized the relations of our two
countries, but more than this they have
a great love for the friends in America.
I am deeply touched and spiritually re-
freshed by their Bahai attitude, for the
of the War has not entered
into their souls, with the result that th_e
fragrance of the Kingdom of El-Abha
is a living divine presence in their midst.
Our people here in Germany have suf-
fered much. They are now undergoing
the after effects of the War, which, in
some respects are as trying, and as dif-
ficult, as were the conditions during the
period of fighting. Although nominally
the war is over, practically there is still
the greatest economic pressure between
the nations and this is causing the peo-
ple here much suffering and misery.
The people here do not have quite
enough to eat, nor is the food which they
have sufficiently nourishing. Months
and years of this continued shortage of
food and nutriment needed by the nor-
mal man has reduced them physically
to an extent which their bright and
THE WEST
cheerful faces and spiritual counte-
nances would belie.
The other day, while in Leipzig, I vis-
ited a Bahai home in which there were
four children. The parents Were work-
ing people. The three youngest of the
little ones were boys, and at my invita-
tion they drew near and finally sat on
my knees. I remarked to the mother,
who stood by smiling, that she must be
very happy to be the mother of such a
family, whereupon a change of expres-
sion crossed her face; she looked pained
and left the room. A Bahai present
then told me how hard it had been for
these parents even to partially feed their
children, and even harder for them to
see their little ones growing up under-
nourished. Though these little fellows
had tanned skins and pleasing and re-
sponsive faces, their bodies Were piti-
fully thin and emaciated. The eldest
of the trio told me he was twelve years
old, but he appeared to be about nine!
This is but one example of the many
which I am seeing daily. These are liv-
ing testimonials of the troubles caused
by war.
The cheerfulness and the hope and the
spiritual assurance of the Bahais here
in Germany, is in such strong contrast
with their material condition that their
problems are all the more appealing-
particularly to one who finds himself
the recipient of so much of their kind-
ness such as I am now receiving.
In the near future I hope to be able
to write to the friends in America, tell-
ing them in detail of the Bahai work
here in Germany. Now I am Writing
in brief in order to send this letter im-
mediately and Without loss of time, in
order to suggest that the friends in
America do all in their power to further
the Bahai spirit of love and service of
the friends there for friends here.
Shortly after the postal service was
re-established (after the armistice be-
tween America and Germany) some of
the Bahais in America wrote very kind

