I
STAR OF THE WEST
7 11 
THE ARCHITECTURAL RECORD.
or Christian Cross; and, supreme above
all, the wonderful nine pointed star, fig-
ured in the structure of the temple itself,
and appearing again and again in its
ornamentation, as significant of the Spir-
itual Glory in the world today.
The nine pointed star reappearsin the
formation of the windows and doors.
which are all topped by this magnificent
allegory of spiritual glory, from which
extend gilded rays covering the lower
surfaces, and illustrating, in this vivid
and artistic limning, the descent of the
Holy Spirit.
Curiously enough this Descent of the
Holy Spirit was the first thing Louis 
Bourgeois pictured in his drawing of the
temple. He said, did the doors and
windows of the lower story first, and
then I got the entire form."
The numbers 9 and 19 recur again
and again in the structure of the temple,
illustrating its basic principle of 
9 being the number of perfection, con-
taining in itself the completion of each
perfect number cycle, and 19 representing
the Union of God and man, as manifested
in life, civilization and all things.
His description of how he made the
model is as interesting as the structure
itself; but in reading it one must remem-
ber that Bourgeois is an architect of long
and wide experience. He built Gothic
churches in France; then he built them
in Canada. His buildings are found in
Chicago, in California, where he erected
and planned the well known house and
garden of Paul de Longpre, the flower
painter, and also in New York.
Twenty-five years ago he had a re-
markable spiritual experience, through
which he came into a knowledge of his
spiritual self, as well as his physical man.
Then he was told that some day he would
build a great temple, and he made a
sketch of a circular twelve sided build~
ing, at that time. Henceforth he dreamed
of his temple, and tried to make a draw-
ing of it, but could not. He became in-
terested in the Bahai Movement, and nine
years ago made an architectural drawing
of a temple, in order that he might be
represented in the competition spoken of
at that time for the erection of a Bahai
temple in Chicago; but he said then,
"This is not my temple, I am only putting
it in to get a chance in the competition.
If I win, I can draw the real temple."
But the. competition never materialized,
and four years ago, when he returned
from the Bahai convention in Boston,
Bourgeois suddenly, in an hour's time,
sketched the lower story of his temple.
But he could get no further, and half
dazed by the ornate splendor of this
fragment realized that he must model it",
because he could never express on a
flat surface the many-faced beauty of its
plan. He endeavored to cut into the
plaster the intricate tracery of ornament
he saw; but he had never done suchwork,
and he was obliged to ask the help of a
friend skilled in the art, and after half
a day's training he went at his' task suc-
cessfully. He did each successive story
in this way, modelling the beauty in plas-
ter as it was revealed to him, never seeing
the whole, yet saying to himself con-
stantly, "How do I dare go on? Because
this is so wonderful; and how can I
make a dome wonderful enough to com-
plete it And then always the thought
would come, "The Power that is giving
you this will give you a dome the most
wonderful of ail 1"
So he did the first story with its wel-
coming arms, and the second with its
Gothic elegance, and the third with its
Renaissance quiet and beauty, One
morning he wakened suddenly at three
o'clock and knew that he was to draw
the dome. He was very happy; and as
his fingers flew on for a rich hour, he
knew that the dome was the most won-
derful of all. That is why he says, "It
is Baha Ollah's temple. It is not mine l"
There is another side to this temple
story, which is both human and appeal-
ing. It has to do with love and compre-
hension and faithful service. The archi-
tect is not rich, and he realized that if
he worked at his model the family income
would cease, and perhaps no one would
ever build his mighty temple. His wife
is also an artist, but she bought a little
notion store in West Englewood; and
while he worked on the model, she sold
ice cream and candy. When he needed
502
Fae-sirnile of page from The Architectural Record, June, 1920.

