332 STAR OF
University in America duly recognized
his literary powers and thinking ability
after this episode, by conferring upon
him the degree of "Doctor of Philos-
ophy." From this time his greatest
work began. Once more he resumed his
travels, visiting England, ur op e,
Africa and the Orient. His fame spread
as a lecturer, preacher and writer. He
took up journalism and a British Syndi-
cate sent him into the Belgian Congo to
expose the atrocities of King Leopold
against the natives. A price was placed
upon his head for these disclosures.
Many of his famous articles were written
under the nom-de-plume He
visited the Holy Land and was in Haifa
in 1892 at about the same time as the
ascension of It was here
that he first hea.rd the name "Bahai"
and associated it always as standing for
purity and cleanliness among the
orientals, though at that time he knew
nothing else about the Cause.
Then he went to Cape Town, South
Africa, where for two years his Sunday
night lectures in the Opera House of
that city packed the l'argest hall of over
two thousand seating capacity 
He presented spiritual truth in a prac-
tical Way, appealing to reason, and his
rhetoric and flights of eloquence held his
audiences spell-bound. All the news-
paper writeups heralded him as the
"Talmage of Australia." One of his
favorite subjects was "Abraham Lin-
coln,' another was "The Yankee at
home and abroad." It was during this
period of his life that Dr. Buchanan
made a trip into central Africa, follow-
ing the trail of Livingstone and Stanley.
He visited the Akkas pigmies which so
harassed the expedition of Stanley in
1888 and was treated very kindly by
them. During this trip he was stricken
with the African fever, the eifects of
which brought on a stroke of paralysis
from which he never fully recovered.
He numbered among his warm personal
friends, Henry Drummond, Sir Henry
Morton Stanley, Cecil Rhodes, Dr.
THE WEST
Bevan and many of the worlds notables,
yet the doctor himself was retiring, un-
assuming, simple in taste and life, and
spoke but little of his own achievements.
Such characteristics attracted many
people to his lectures when he visited
Portland some nine years ago. It was
shortly after his arrival that he Was
stricken with a second stroke from which
he never recovered and which kept him
in Portland during the remainder of his
life. At this time Rouhani Lat-imer
made his acquantance and first gave him
the Message and glad-tidings of the
New Day and of the coming of the
Promised One of whom he had taught
for so many years. His soul Was pre-
pared for this glorious Truth as he had
been preaching its principles for a long
time Without the knowledge of their
source. His confirmation came with asso-
ciation of Thornton Chase and other
Bahais, and his life ended in the spread-
ing the love and teachings of Abdul-
Baha. His first message from his Be-
loved came through brother Chase:
"Deliver my yearning greeting to Dr.
David Buchanan of Portland and say:
'The joining of the River Jordan to the
Most Great Sea is distinct and assured,
but time is required. I ask God that
you may learn all those verses in the
Holy Book, which refer to Haifa and
Acca and quote them in your
addresses.' 
After the recent war he received a
Tablet from Abdul-Baha, in which it-
was clearly pointed out that Universal
Peace would not prevail in the Assembly
of Nations gathered at Paris because
misunderstanding and self-interest pre-
vailed, and in such -an atmosphere fresh
difficulties would arise. The Tablet
closed with the statement: "Undoubt-
edly the general condition of the people
and the state of small oppressed nations
will not remain as before. Justice and
right shall be fortified, but the estab-
lishment of Universal Peace will be
realized fully only through the Power
of the Word of God." A copy of this

