STAR OF THE WEST 11
"The first ray is heavenly teachings.
"The second ray is the oneness of the
World of humanity.
"The third ray is the establishment
of universal peace.
"The fourth ray is the investigation
of reality.
"The fifth ray is the promulgation of
universal fellowship.
"The sixth ray is the inculcation of
divine love through the power of re-
ligion.
"The seventh ray is the conformity of
religion with science and reason.
"The eighth ray is the abandonment
of religious, racial, patriotic and polit-
ical prejudices.
"The ninth ray is the universal
spread of education.
"The tenth ray is the organization of
the arbitral court of justice, or Par-
liament of Man, before the members of
which all the international and inter-
governmental problems are arbitrated.
"The eleventh ray is the equality of
the sexes--the giving of the same edu-
cational facilities to women as to men,
so that they may become adorned with
all the virtues of humanity.
"The twelfth ray is the solution 0-f
all the economic problems of the world
so that each indivdual member of hu-
manity may enjoy the utmost comfort
and well-being.
"The thirteenth ray is the spread of
an auxiliary world language.
"Just as the rays of the phenomenal
sun are infinite, likewise the rays o-f the
Sun of Reality are infinite. The above
summary only contains a few of its rays.
"The spreading of these rays will de-
liver the world of humanity from the
darkness 0-f ignorance, strangeness and
narrowness, and will guide it to the cen-
ter of all these rays. Then the founda-
tion of warfare and strife, animosity
and hatred, will be destroyed from
amongst the people, and the misunder-
standings existing among the religions
will be dispelled. The foundation of
the religions o-f God is one and that is
the oneness of the world of humanity."
When some of us met Abdul-Baha in
America, and beheld the brightness of
the spiritual light in his face, felt the
glorious vibration of divine power from
his presence which swept the room,
heard him answer questions on econom-
ics, politics, physics, history, philosophy,
we felt his heart and mind were a veri-
table fountain of light. He talked with
chemists about chemistry, with electri-
cians about electrical engineering, with
Elbert Hubbard about the American
poets, with politicians about politics,
with little children about their games,
all with matchless ease. But he always
threw the material knowledge into the
divine light, turned it all toward the
service of humanity, the pressing call
for social and spiritual reconstruction
to meet the new and diviner age.
Moreover, he is in his own life a mani-
festation of the full-orbed light of the
new day. He not only reflects its pure,
perfected knowledge in words and ad-
dresses clear as universal as hu-
manity, luminous with' the knowledge of
earth and the diviner planes beyond our
seeing; helives his gospel in a life of
marvelous perfection, pure love and
triumphant joy. For years he slept on
the damp, earth-covered floor of a cel-
lar room. His food was of the poorest.
Yet every morning when he awoke he
praised God that another day was be-
fore him. Every night when he went
to sleep he thanked God he had been
permitted to serve Him another day in
prison. was in prison for forty
years," he said, with a smile bright as
heaven 's own light, "but every day was
a day of perfect joy." His body was in
prison, but his spirit traversed the glo-
rious worlds of God. As 
says of the great masters, the "Mirrors
of Unity," "While walking among the
servants, they soar in the skies of Near-
ness. They journey in the land of
spirit without motion of foot, and fly

