STAR OF THE WEST 323
sen, former mayor of Seattle, who has
won national attention. Mr. Hall,
propped up on pillows, gave him the
glorious Message of the coming of The
Kingdom, and his personal copy of the
Hidden ords and Seven Valleys.
Deeds reveal the station of the man.
IN MEMORIAM
To the Judges of the District Court of
the Fourth Judaic-rial District, State of
LM/in/neso-ta, and to the Members of
the Hennepin County Bar:
Albert Heath Hall was born on July
11th, 1858, in Alexandria, Licking
County, Ohio, son of Rev. Levi and Lu-
cinda Mitchell Hall; he came to Min-
nesota in 1873 and received his early
education at Austin; he entered the Uni-
versity of Minnesota in 1875, remaining
in school there until the end of his ju-
nior year; he a member of the Chi
Psi and Phi Delta Phi Fraternities.
While attending the University of Min-
nesota he earned his livelihood by work-
ing in a sawmill, and later, worked for
the first telephone company organized
in the Twin Cities, _S'tI'inging the first
line of wire in the city of Minneapolis;
he afterwards Was night telephone op-
erator while attending his classes at
college.-
After leaving the University of Min-
nesota, Mr. Hall entered the law office
of Judge Frederick Hooker as a law
student, and a short time later, -accepted
a position in the Treasury Department
at \7Vashington, D. C., and While there
studied law at Columbian University,
which later became the George Wash-
ington University; he graduated from
Columbian in 1884. From 1884 to 1920,
he was actively engaged in the practice
of law at Minneapolis, and tried some
thirty-five hundred contested cases; he
died May 25th, 1920, after an illness
which was critical for only a few weeks,
having been in poor health, however,
for almost a year. He is survived by
his wife and one daughter, Mrs. Wil-
liam L. Appleby, both of this .
"Bert" Hall, as he was familiarly
known throughout Hennepin County,
was primarily and essentially the poor
man's lawyer; no client was too mean,
nor was his cause too small, but that
Bert Hall gave him his untiring and
unstinted effort; it made no difference
whether the client had funds, or even
prospects of receiving them, and it
seemed as though the less the prospect
of getting a fee, the more generously he
gave of his brilliant mind and indefat-
igable energy; if he believed that his
c1ient's cause was just, that cause be-
came the paramount matter with him
and it took precedence over his self-in-
terest, his family and his friends.
Bert Hall lived and died practicing
what he had always preached--The
Brotherhood of Man.
 
PETER BUIKEMA
Our faithful co-worker on the STAR
OF THE Wnsr, Miss Gertrude Buikema,
has suffered the breaking of the tender
ties of home through the death of her
father, Peter Buikema, at Chicago, Jan-
uary 27, 1921.
Born in Provincie Groningen, Nether-
lands, January 15, 1835, he lived more
than the allotted three-score years and
ten in this limited world. 'Nith splen-
didlvigor of soul, characteristic of his
nationality, he entered the larger life
with perfect trust in God.
The presence of the great number of
friends who came to pay their respects
to the departed, was a testimony to the
spiritual life of this family. The warm
tributes of the pastor of the Holland Re-
formed Church where Mr. Buikema at-
tended, found a response in the hearts of
the large gathering of Bahais, Christians,
and others present. The Bahai "Bene-
diction," sung at the close of the ser-
vice, calmed all hearts by its spiritual
blessing.
In extending our sympathy to the

