STAR OF THE WEST Z73
pretext: the chiefs of the old religion instigate the masses in general to attack
and wipe out all these persecuted souls.
Then pray ye that the friends in the Orient may remain protected and
guarded. The firm and steadfast friends in the Orient in spite of this (per-
secution) are waving like unto the sea, and their utmost aspiration is to at-
tain to the most great They have attained to complete severance,
enkindlement and sincerity and are ready to ascend to the Kingdom of God.
Verily, verily they are self-sacrificing and life- giving!
Formerly in Persia divorce was very easily obtained. Among the peo-
ple of the old nation (Islam) a trifling matter Would cause divorce. However,
as the light of the Kingdom shone forth souls were quickened by the spirit of
then they utterly abstained from divorce. In Persia now di-
vorce does no_t take place among the friends (Bahais) unless something un-
bearable occurs which makes harmony impossible. Under these rare circum-
stances some cases of divorce take place.
Now the friends in America must live and conduct themselves in this way.
They must strictly refrain from divorce unless something arises which com-
pels them to separate because of their aversion for each other, then with the
knowledge of the House of Spirituality they may decide to separate. They
must then be patient and wait a year. If during this year harmony is not
re-established between them then their divorce may be realized.
As soon as a slight friction or displeasure of the heart appears between
the husband and wife, the husband should not think of union with some other
woman; or, God forbid, the wife should also think of another husband! This
is contrary to heavenly purity and real chastity. The friends of God must live
and conduct themselves, exhibit excellence of character and refinement, in such
a way as to make others astonished. The love between husband a11d wife
should not be purely physical, nay rather it must be spiritual and heavenly.
These two souls should be considered as one soul. How difficult it is to divide
one single soul! Certainly there will appear great difficulties!
In short the foundation of the Kingdom of God is based upon harmony,
love, oneness, relationship, union and not upon differences: especially between
the husband and the wife. If one of these two becomes the cause of divorce,
that one will unquestionably fall into great difficulties, shall become the victim
of formidable calamities and shall experience deep remorse.
Unto you be the glory of Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Azizullah S. Bahadur, Haifa, Palestine, November 12, 1920.)
To the friends of God, America.
He Is The Most Glorious!
ye friends of God!
The foundation of the Kingdom of God is laid upon justice, fairness, mercy,
sympathy and kindness to every soul. Then strive ye with heart and soul to
practice love and kindness to the world of humanity at large, except to those
souls who are selfish and insincere. It is not advisable to show kindness to a
person who is a tyrant, a traitor or a thief because kindness encourages him to
become Worse and does not awaken him. The more kindness you show to a
liar the more he is apt to lie, for he thinks that you know not while you do
know but extreme kindness keeps you from revealing your knowledge.

