10% A 
an's gift. She explained too, that she
did 110t know much about sports, but
would join the "family party" and go
in for all but the heavy weight contest.
[Miss Root is of small and slender
stature.]
The next day being the first Sunday
at sea, Miss Root asked the captain's
permission to speak in tl1e evening on
the Bahai Cause. The purser put up
a large notice on the bulletin board. No
person aboard had heard of the Bahai
Movement. The men on the sports
committee Were the first ones to enter
the music room; they helped to make
it popular, and every one invited every-
one else. All came except a few Catho-
lics and one other young man.
This "one other man" had received
a blue book1et* the first day. Once he
talked for five hours and another time
four hours about the Cause. Drawing
the blue booklet from his pocket he said:
have read this not once or twice, but
three times, and it is too Utopian, it will
never work out." This man has many
men under him, he has tried to inaug-
urate equality systems and every time
the men took advantage, giving him
poorer Work, so heihas gone back to his
old stern way with them. He is so
near the Kingdom: so fine in his sterling
qualities, but just now he doubts people
and movements. At the end of every
talk he said, I Wish I could believe
in this as you do. I wish people lived
this Way."
The captain, purser and several ofli-
cers came to the talk. The ship pitched
so that Miss Root had to hold on to a
pillar with one hand while she spoke.
After the talk of over an hour, the
purser made a little speech of thanks.
Then after dismissal the bishop took the
floor and spoke against the Bahai Cause.
Not that he had ever heard of it before,
but he said one could never be a Chris-
tian and believe in these other religions
*Containing an outline of the history
and principles of the Bahai Movement.
THE WEST
too. Miss Root replied to him point by
point and from that evening they be-
came friendly. His very arguments
against the Movement later made friends
for it. Some young men students also
began asking intelligent questions. A
little group of onlookers at the discus-
sion said, "\Vhen you folk have any
more interesting explanations like this,
be sure and let us in on them."
This evening lecture so early in the
voyage opened the Way for manylquiet
talks on deck. The next morning one
Christian Scientist said, "Your talk
make a great impression, even the 'beer
bums' say it is a good kind of religion."
The drinking of this ship is extraor-
dinary. "The grave diggers" and
"gentlemen drunkards," as the girls
call them congregate around the bar at
intervals from Miss
Root's room was right across from the
bar, this and the fact that her delight-
ful happy-go-lucky roommate had two
monkeys, made her understand what
Abdul-Baha meant in her 'l'ablet,'(
"That thou mayest forget rest and com-
posure." These men were bright and
represented some of the largest business
concerns in the world; they could carry
the Message to over fifty millions of
people in South America. In talks 011
deck one learned some of them had re-
ligious parents, one or two had been
started in ministerial schools, but had
broken away from their religion. All
had good qualities and manifested some
fine traits.
Next morning following the Bahai
talk, Miss Root just in fun, read a pas-
senger's hand. Everybody rushed over
and wanted their palms read. The cap-
tain lined them up to take their turns
and held out his own hand first. All
day the palm reading continued, even
every steward had his turn, and last
of all, Snowball, the dear little Barba-
dos boy bugler, came and held out his

1"See Tablet, Vol. 10, STAR OF THE
WEST, page 

