STAR OF WEST 31
try to prove the inequality of the sexes,
reply to such an one that the Only in-
terpreter is His Holiness Abdul-Baha,
the Center of the Covenant, and the
power of the Covenant will prevent
wrong interpretation. Should one try to
convince the world that universal peace
was not right, we would know, by the
power of the Covenant, that such inter-
pretation was wrong, and that would be
the only way to stop such false inter-
pretation.
So, you see, all the other principles of
are protected, too, by that
power of the Covenant. The progress
of the religions of the past depended
upon the unity of the believers, and the
failure thereof was caused by the dis-
unity a11d differences of the believers.
Consider the essence of history. Take
the Jewish religion. Its founder, Moses,
delivered the people of Israel, who were
enslaved and persecuted by the Phar-
aohs, and saved them from bondage in
Egypt. Under him all became free in
the Land of Promise. For four hundred
and fifty years they were ruled by four
hundred judges, a congress, in the Holy
Land. They progressed day by day be-
cause they were united. Through the
power of the prophet Samuel, Saul, the
first king, was placed on the throne and
became the ruler of the Jews. They were
united upon the text and teachings of
Moses. Saul died and was succeeded by
David. Still that religion was progress-
ing. David died and his son Solomon
was made king. That period was the
highest of the Jewish civilization. The
kingdom extended to the Euphrates and
the Red Sea. They became the teachers
of the then known world. Many of the
philosophers of the Romans, the Greeks
and other nations went to learn from
them and to be educated. The downfall
of the Jews beg-an when, after the death
of Solomon, his son Rehoboain became
king, the Jews splitting into two factions
or kingdoms, one of Which, the kingdom
of Judah remained loyal and offered
allegiance to Rehoboam, while the other,
the Kingdom of Israel, elected for its
sovereign eroboam from the descend-
ants of Joseph who lived in Mesopo-
tamia.
This first split divided their power,
creating enmity, suspicion and hate, and
wars resulted to the extent that Jero-
boam declared that it was just as good
to worship a bull as to go to Jerusalem,
the holy city, and worship God, because
he did not want his people to go and
become acquainted with the other king,
the son of Solomon. V\Then that discord
took place and wars had begun between
the two factions, other nations attacked
and crushed them. Then the Romans,
Assyrians, Babylonians .and Egyptians
came and destroyed them, the Jews fall-
ing into degeneration .and slavery. The
Assyrians annihilated the kingdom of
Israel, and ebuchadnezzar, the king of
Babylonia, attacked Judea, taking cap-
tive and burning Jerusalem. The king-
dom of Israel was utterly annihilated
and the remnants of the kingdom of
Judea were saved by the mercy of the
Persian kingdom. Later the Jews were
divided into the Pharisees, the Saddu-
cees, the Publicans, etc.
At such time Jesus Christ appeared.
He came to unite them and to guide
all the people. Instead of receiving
and following him, they crucified him.
After his departure Christianity was a
target of persecution for seventy years.
Titus, the Einperor of the Romans, then
became interested in the Christian re-
ligion. He killed more than a million
of the Jews, scattered the rest and
destroyed Jerusalem. To the Chris-
tians he gave freedom--that is, seventy
years after the birth of Jesus Christ--
and the Christians were given an op-
portunity to go forth and teach the
Romans. That freedom, however, was
later taken from them and Nero, the
Roman Emperor, persecuted them se-
verely. While intoxicated, Nero burned
the city of Rome and in the morning
(Continued on page 37)

