38 STAR OF
Constantine do"? Christianity was at the
zenith of its prosperity, when he did
something that marked the beginning of
its fall. When he moved from Rome
to Constantinople he wanted to have a
democracy among the leaders of all the
churches. Every church had a bishop,
but they Were all under the bishop of
Rome, who was called or known as the
Pope. Constantine said: "No, We must
have a democracy. The power should
not be in the hands of the Pope." Thus
the first split took place in Christianity,
half becoming Orthodox and the other
half Catholics. Those Who Wanted all
the power to be in the hands of the
Pope Were called Catholics and those
who believed that the power should be
divided and every bishop should have
equal freedom were called Orthodox.
During the third and fourth centuries
another division took place in Chris-
tianity, the subject of contention this
time being that of the doctrine of the
Trinity. There Were those who believed
in the union of God, the Son and the
Holy Ghost--the three in 
those who believed it could not be done;
those Wl10 believed that Jesus Christ had
two natures, the divine and the human,
and those who said: "No, God is above
mentioning. No one can comprehend
Him. Jesus Christ is the Manifestation
of God and that is all." Thus was an-
other division created, this time on ac-
count of the doctrine of the Trinity, and
every time a division took place, wars
resulted and blood Was shed.
In the year 325 A, D., Constantine
called the first general council at Nice,
in in order to settle the differ-
ences, but that could not be done. Arius_
the eloquent priest, Who interpreted the
Trinity and who became the cause of the
controversy, was excommunicated by the
Orthodox church.
In the fifth century, another sect, the
Nestorians, was created by Nestorius, a
brilliant priest. At that time the Chris-
tians believed that Jesus Christ had l-W0
natures, divine and human, and, there-
THE WEST
fore, it mattered not Whether Mary was
called "the mother of the Lord" or "the
mother of Jesus." But _\lest.orius and
his followers taught that Mary must be
called only "the mother of esus" a.nd
not "the mother of the Lord." Briefly,
these arguments ended in bloody battles.
Then general councils were held. Nes-
torius was excommunicated, but the sect
remains in Persia to this day.
Another sect came into existence and
that was the Jacobites, founded by Ja-
cobus Baradaeus, a priest. They pro-
mulgated the belief that Jesus Christ
had one divine nature only and they-
tried to promote unity.
In the sixth century Christianity was
spread in the West of Europe as far as
Britain and Saxony, and in the east to
the shores of the Black Sea and the Dan-
ube.
In the seventh century the Moham-
medan religion appeared and the Mo-
hammedans had terrific clashes with the
Christians.
In the eighth century another divi-
sion took place and this was the last
division. And What caused that? Pic-
tures! Those Who believed in having
pictures in the church, and those who
said: "This means that WE are like the
heathen. If We put a picture before
us, What is the difterence between us and
those who Worship idols?"
This controversy created another sect.
There was another war and another gen-
eral council or convention, but with no
result. If you travel in the Orient you
Will find the l\lestorians and the acobites
as well as many other sects. These
various sects have been separating
themselves from the rest of the World
and living in ignorance on account of one
person who interpreted something for
his own desire and his own selfishness.
In the ninth and tenth centuries
there were continuous Wars among the
various sects--tWo centuries of blood-
shed--but they conquered in Hungary,
Russia, and other places.

