STAR OF THE WEST Z55
there is no doubt about that, Now, as
I said before, this meeting has assem-
bled to investigate the truth. I Want
every one of you, if you have any diffi-
culty about the Cause, to come to the
Bahai centre and ask me and I will
gladly tell you about it. These meet-
ings that you see, and such gatherings
as this, they have all over the World.
This is the time of the Rizwan feast
of the Bahais and Conventions are held
by the Bahais in different parts of the
world. At this time, was
exiled from Bagdad at the instigation of
the high priests and by the help and sup-
port of the governments of Turkey and
Persia. Two powerful governments like
Turkey and Persia, with the influence
of their high priests, leaders and gov-
ernors, tried to exile 
\Vhat did they mean by this banish-
ment? They Were not opposing 
personally, but they opposed his
words and they were inimical to his
teachings. At this time of Rizwan,
declared his mission and
called the people to perfect unity and
to remove dissension; in such a time
the banner of the standard of peace
was uplifted. At such a time this
religion was started. This was Why all
the people of Persia and Turkey arose
against his teachings. They thought by
this oppo-sition that they could eradi-
cate his teachings and they Would not
spread over the World, but they did not
know that some purposes and some in-
tentions are supported by God's con-
firmation.
For instance, a man arranges accord-
ing to his own Ways, and everything
outwardly is all right, but he never
attains to his aim and objective.
He feels from. the very beginning
that he is not supported by Crod's
confirmation. He appeals to everything
to attain to his objective, but he cannot
attain it. Some people arise a11d put
into effect some sacred intention, some
holy intention, and it is done. By the
outward appearance of things, I can tell
from the beginning whether you are
assisted by God or not, and whether
you are supported by God's confirma-
tion or not. The Manifestations of God
were assisted by the confirmations of
God. No means and no implements do
they possess. Everything and every
outward appearance and everything
was against them. I11 spite of this
opposition they put into effect their
aims and their intentions. Although
they undertook to banish--although
the Mohammedan priests and kings
undertook to banish 
--they did not know that they were
in reality assisting him in every
possible way. It was for his sake that
all the glad tidings and the prophecies
of the Holy Book were fulfilled. It
is Written, it is prophesied in the Old
Testament, that the greatest Ma11ifesta-
tion would manifest himself, and would
appear from the Holy Land. You are
well informed of the Holy Books and
it is unnecessary to remind you of them.
The light of God would appear on the
Mount of Carmel and Acca should be
the place, the destination, the hope of
the people, and the Holy Land should be
the center of the attraction of the whole
World. These prophecies were fulfilled
by the enemies of Thus,
every man who caused his banishment
put into effect and fulfilled those prom-
ises and those prophecies. That is why
those who go to Haifa and Acca see the
truth and fulfillment of those proph-
ecies. I have seen with my OW11 eyes
how Haifa and Acca are the center of
attraction of the people of the world:
how people from the east and west and
north and south go to the presence of
the Master.
(The address was followed by a
prayer chanted in Persian.)

