STAR OF THE WEST Z25
may shine in this World, so that they may be the comforters of the people, so
that they m-ay live in accord with one another, so that they may sacrifice their
own souls in the service of one another, so that they may be the consolers of the
poor, so that they may be the kind parents of the orphans and so that they may
$7
relieve the sick. Convey this message.
Letter from Monereh Khanum, the Wife of Abdul-Baha
Addressed to Edith R. Sanderson
Haifa, Palestine,
Sept. 22, 1920.
My dear spiritual daughter:
I sincerely hope and supplicate to
God that you may always be confirmed
in your undertakings. Your letters have
regularly arrived and have aroused
great joy. We never fail to present to
the Master your humble love and greet-
ings.
Two days ago I wrote you a letter in
Persian about the school We have been
thinking of establishing on Mt. Carmel.
That is surely a lofty idea and if taken
up it will undoubtedly help the educa-
tion of the Bahai girls and serve the up-
lift of the World of humanity.
We agreed that I should give the land
and you procure the other expenses.
The ground is ready. It is according to
the Wish of the Master and is situated
on an elevated and most beautiful spot,
near the Tomb of the Bab. Now, I have
done my share, the rest remains upon
your help and energy.
have mentioned our plan to the
Master and he approves of it. Wlien
speaking about procuring the funds, the
Master expressed a desire that this Work
be done by the Bahai Women.
The Greatest Holy Leaf (Abdul-Ba
ha's sister) as Well as the other members
of the family send you their love.
Hoping that you Will be confirmed and
assisted by His Holiness 
in accomplishing this helpful undertak-
ing, I Will ever remain,
Yours in His Name,

Letter from Miss S'a'n0lers0""
To the STAB or THE 
Dear friends in El-Baha:
While in Haifa several months ago,
the Master's Wife, Monereh Khanum,
spoke to me of her great desire to see
a school for girls built on Mt. Carmel,
and asked if '1 could help her in the re-
alization of her desire. "That could I
do but answer her appeal with all my
heart, feeling that the heart of all Ba-
hais would answer in unison with mine,
a prompt acquiescence to her request.
Not only because the need for a school
in which Bahai girls of the East may
derive the much longed for education,
which to a certain extent is accessible
in schools already established in various
parts of the East by catholic or protes-
tant missions, but because it would be
the most perfect tribute that the Women
of East and 'Nest could pay to one of
the finest Women in the World today,
Whose name and personality has re-
mained concealed behind the power and
majesty of the Master, but Who never-
theless through her life of absolute self-
sacrifice in the path of 
Will ever remain a magnificent example
to Womankind.
One of the reasons why this school is
of paramount importance is that the dif-
ficulties are many for Eastern girls 
Wish for a truly practical education and
they are apt to lose in one way What
they gain in another in schools Where
the Bahai principles are unknown.
We know the great importance Bans.'-

