2,8 STAR OF THE WEST
Sun of Reality rose gradually according
to the promise; and the star--I don't
mean the material star, I mean the heart
and the longing thoughts of men, long-
ing just then as we do the
constellations, arose with him, thus a
new heaven appeared. Abraham, Isaac,
Jacob, David, Solomon, Isaiah, Jeremiah,
Amos, Ezekiel were the stars of that
heaven, they were the constellations ap-
pearing with that promised One.
And then Moses came, bringing with
him his own group.
Then Jesus Christ came. Think of the
stars that rose with him. John, Stephen,
Paul, Timothy, Mary Magdalen, Mary
the mother of Jesus, Mary and Martha
the sisters, Luke the physician, Matthew
the publican, Peter the fisherman! Ah,
they are the illuminating lights that
come with that promised One, they are
the stars. of his heaven, and they, after
the sun has set, illuminate the dark sky
throughout the age, then gradually dwin-
dling in glory until the sun again rises.
But whe11 the sun appears from the
horizon of the vernal equinox, on the
twenty-first of March, it brings the glory
of the springtime; so when the Sun of
Reality rises, He brings healing on His
wings, and a new springtime comes to
the human heart.
Just as the farmer goes out and plows
and harrows the hard soil, so the Spirit
of God moves upon the hearts, and pain,
sorrow and suffering -plow the hearts.
Nations tremble because of starvation,
famine, agonies and tears! That is why
the earth is filled with Woe--woe, woe,
woe--when the promised One appears.
Praise be to God, for without that woe
our hearts would still be hard, just as
the ground is hard until with the soften-
ing of the rain and the warmth of the
sun and the plough and the harrow,
it is broken to pieces, in order that the
seed may fall and fructify and grow and
bring forth an hundred fold.
My friends, praise be to God, the
promised One hath come again. Vile
have waited long throughout the cen-
turies; our hearts have grown into
stone, our hearts have become frozen,
our hearts have fallen low in woe and
weeping. Praise be to God, he hath
come again! hath come again! The
Sun of Reality hath risen. that isn't
all, for there is a new heaven, and there
is also a new earth. What good would
the sun be'? Wliat good would the cross-
ing of the equinox be in the early spring
were there not an earth to feel its rays?
Of what use is it, if the prom-
ised One, the Sun of Reality, dawns and
there are no hearts to receive the light'?
Praise be to God, there are always hearts
to receive the light. We are His crea-
tures, the children of His hand, the oil?-
spring of His love. We long for Him
and He longs for us. Now in this great
Day of God the hearts are turning unto
Him.
Was it yesterday that our dear sister,
Mrs. Maxwell, quoted the beautiful
words from Daniel that "the wise shall
shine as the sun and they that turn many
to righteousness as the stars forever and
ever." There is your perfect symbol.
That is the ancient version, the old ver-
sion, but the revised version has it much
more beautiful: "They that be teach-
ers shall shine as the sun; they that turn
many to righteousness as the stars, for-
ever and ever." glorified
God in his wonderful Book, The Igham:
"At that time the signs of the Son of
Man shall appear in the heavens." That
is, the promised Beauty and substance of
life shall come from the court of the in-
visible into the visible world. That is
the -coming of the promised One; that
is the coming of the Son of Man; that
is the dawning of the signs in the
heavens. "The appearance," as he says
again in another passage, "when the
face of the promised One and the
beauty of the adored One shall descend
from heaven riding upon a cloud." That
is, the divine Beauty will appear from
the heavens of the Supreme Will in the
human temple.
So my friends, change your point of

