STAR OF THE WEST 24-3
tions and mighty assistance. He says that whosoever draws a span nearer
to Cod, Divine Providence will approach a meter toward him. Assuredly if
man rises as he ought to in service to the Kingdom, the Spirit of the Divine
Kingdom Will encompass him.
Concerning the book about which thou hast Written in thy letter is
highly suitable for thee to write such a book, and if this effort is realized, it
is highly acceptable. Convey on my behalf to the respected maid-servant of
God, Mrs. MacNutt, the utmost love and kindness. If the principle of amity
and unity, which is one of the principles of His Holiness is
strfingthened among the friends--and if firmness in the Covenant renders the
breakers of the Covenant hopeless and at a like unto a magnetic
power will attract Abdul-Baha to America.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, Behjeh, Acca, Palestine, July 24th, 1919.)
Some Important Commands from The Center of The Covenant
(Continued from page 159)
"That which has come forth from the
Center of the Covenant you must take
fast hold of. That which issues from my
lips and that which is written with my
pen is the Reality. With this you can
irrigate the vineyard of God. With this
you can make the tree of the Cause of
God become verdant. Through this the
Name of the Kingdom of God will be
spread all over the world. Through this
the Sun of Reality will shine. Through
this the clouds of Mercy will pour down.
Whosoever utters a word you must ask:
'Where is the authority of the Center of
the Covenant? Show it.' Without this
you must not listen to him. If an angel
comes down from heaven and has no
authority from the Center of the Cove-
nant, you must require his authority.
Otherwise the vineyard will become
withered and dry. This is the reality."
In New York City, July, 1912, Abdul-
Baha said to several believers: "Any
one quoting me must have authority
written either with my own hand, or
Tablets signed with my seal. Otherwise
these statements do not belong to me.
Every instruction, every teaching that I
desire to spread I will write with my
own hand. You must know this gener-
ally. Never accept any statement With-
out my writing which is signed and
sealed--any statement."
(Signed by 
In Egypt, in August, 1913, ABDUL-
BAHA stated (Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
interpreting) "When in America I re-
peatedly said that no one must believe
one word said by another regarding any
commands, teachings or statements made
by me unless they can produce the
same in writing over my signature."
"This is a Mystery of the Kingdom of Abha"
"There is a Power in this Cause, a Mysterious Power, far, far, far away from
the ken of men and angels; that Invisible Power is the Cause of all these outward
activities. It moves the hearts. It rends the mountains. It administers the
complicated affairs of the Cause. It inspires the friends. It dashes into a thou-
sand pieces all the forces of opposition. It creates new spiritual worlds. This
is a Mystery of the Kingdom of Abha."
(Words of ABDUL-BAHA from Mirza Ahmad Sohrab's diary.)

