62 STAR OF
sun bear upon the world directly. The
dawn of all the ages is to be realized
and the light is universal. The bril-
liant Sun today, flooding the whole
world with light, teaches the oneness of
education, the oneness of religions, the
oneness of language, the oneness of truth
and the power of the divine Spirit. All
this is the light of the Great Day of
God in which fanatical people are tamed
and subdued. The great springtime
from Acca flows through the world. All
efforts at unity will converge in this.
One could, with Abdul-Baha on Mount
Carmel, visualize the greater Mashrekol.-
Azkar. Equally wonderful is that beau-
tiful voice, sounding and resounding to
all. Abdul-Baha has drawn to that
mountain of unity all religions. His
face to each religionist is like the face
of the Prophet of his ow11 faith. It is
a face resplendent and beautiful. Here
you may see the fulfillment of all prophe-
cies. Here you may find peace and rest.
Here you may meet your brother and
your God! This is the Bahai message!"
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, 0111' Persian
brother, said: "The Feast of El-Riz-
wan is a garden that all may enter,
carrying away the fragrance of the
spirit. One of the teachings of Abdul-
Baha is the league of nations. BAHA-
came to establish the league of
peoples, the league of hearts. The league
of big nations does not realize this. All
must enter that the unity may be com-
plete. When was exiled
from Persia after twelve years at Bag-
dad, he and his followers left for a gar-
den near the city. Here he revealed his
teachings and the cycle of unity. There
appeared the unity of religions, M098,
etc. There many celebrated men went
on foot to meet him during twelve days.
Even the haughty governor was im-
pressed and went. From that time the
Cause spread rapidly. This gathering
in the West is a proof of the Power of
Divinity and the Center of the Cov-
enant. The Great Sun has brought
niany rays. Among those rays are:
THE WEST
universal patriotism, ignorance must dis-
appear, the all-inclusive brotherhood
of humanity, universal sympathy, the
parliament of man, remove misunder-
standings, no confession and forgive-
ness of sins before man, no clerical or-
der, love of mankind, universal peace."
In conclusion, Mirza Ahmad quoted the
words of a Persian poem on the ecstacy
of love.
At this point the program was varied
by the choral singing of the Bahai hymn:
"Rejoice! rejoice! believers, the night of
doubt is o'er
The Sun of Truth has risen, Its rays reach
every shore.
Doubt's shadows now with night must flee!
This is the Day of Certainty!"
Mr. Albert H. Hall, of Minneapolis,
who was made cordially welcome by the
chairman and the friends, next spoke.
He said: "This heart is too full to
speak tonight. There is just one text
in my heart. 'Arise! Shine! for thy
light has come and the glory of the
Lord hath arisen upon thee.' We have
heard the call from afar and the light
is in our hearts. The world is in dark-
ness, but the light has come. This light
must enter the hearts of the millions or
it Will never spread; self-sacrifice is the
flame of love in the hearts."
Mrs. H. Emogene Hoagg, who has
spent some time teaching in Alaska. was
next introduced: "Self-sacrifice," she
said, "is given back to us in the great
joy of this reunion. We think of Alaska
as the frozen North. It is frozen neither
outwardly nor inwardly. Sometimes
there is no snow and the hearts are
full of kindness and love. There are
over nine millions of respectful, well-
bred people. They are most apprecia-
tive and noble. I hope the teachers will
go to them. They will be received every-
where with wonderful cordiality. If lit-
erature is sent them, it must not be from
September to the middle of June, the
frozen period, when there are no mails.
The people are open-minded and the

