STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. ll Sharaf l, 76 (December 31, 1920) No. 16
Abdul-Baha on Mt. Carmel
Notes by MABEL PAINE, of Urbana, Illinois, on her visit to Haifa, Palestine,
with a party of pilgrims, September, 1920.
THE experience of being in Haifa and
meeting Abdul-Baha is so great that
it cannot be contained in the narrow
bounds of the few days spent there.
After the pilgrimage is over new beau-
ties are revealed, new strength is de-
rived. Every scene, event, and circum-
stance partakes of the eternal world and
so continues to grow and develop in our
hearts. The sojourn there is like be-
ing on a spiritual mountain top where
broader, more spiritual views are spread
before us. Or better, it is like having
the water of life flow with its penetrat-
ing, life-giving, cleansing power into
every last part of one's heart a11d life.
In some place, Abdul-Baha has said
that everything in the outer material
World is a sign, symbol or counterpart
of a reality in the spiritual world. This
truth one realizes intensely at Haifa.
The physical surroundings there are
outer expressions of the spiritual life.
The Psalmist wrote "Beautiful for sit-
uation, the joy of the whole earth is
Mount Zion." And this description
may now be applied to Mount Carmel.
Rugged mountain, blue sea, wide plain,
all glowing in brilliant sunshine, com-
bine to make a scene of great beauty,
more beautiful complete and varied, it
seems to many, than any other scene. So,
one learns while at Haifa, is the spirit-
ual life more beautiful than any other
life.
Abdul-Baha himself is the Living
Word, the very embodiment of the spir-
itual life. His whole bearing, his every
attitude of body and expression of face
mirror forth spiritual truth. How
precious are the mental pictures of Ab-
dul-Baha which remain with the re-
turned pilgrim! I see him standing a
little apart from the rest and in his
bearing is absolute independence a11d
majesty. It is evident that he can stand
alone against the whole world. It comes
to me that this great power and inde-
pendence of aught save God is with him
because he is so entirely selfless. It is
a part of his station, the Wonderful sta-
tion of servitude.
Again I see him, I can't tell when,
but it is in the day time, so that I see
his face most clearly. He is walking.
The head is a little bent. The eyes are
full of that wonderful compassion which
all spiritual artists have tried to por-
tray in paintings of great spiritual be-
ings. There is a great freshness and
youth in those eyes, the freshness of
early dawn, the purity of the child, a
look of wonder as of one sojourning in a
strange and foreign world. Such a look
may have been in Christ's eyes when he
said to his disciples, "How is it that
you have so little faith?" But a look
too of great compassion, such compas-
sion as must have existed from the be-
ginning which hath no beginning and
which will endure to the end which
hath no end. Then what compelling, ac-
tive power in those eyes when sometimes
they flash a summons from this world
to the other!
mi.
What a blessing comes to the pilgrim
to Haifa from being able to watch the

