14 STAR OF
this fact and sent loving messages to
each one. This year also the same
speakers are again invited to 'voice their
appreciation of the Bahai work.
CONVENTION MEETINGS.
5. From Monday to Wednesday there
will also be six sessions, morning and
afternoon, devoted to the various in-
terests of the Cause. On Monday the
sessions will be given to the report of
the teachers who have returned from the
field, the report of the delegates, the
discussion of the duties of the teachers
and the plan for sending more teachers
to other fields. On Tuesday the Mash-
rekol-Azkar and its vital importance will
be discussed, the plans will be viewed by
the delegates and other B-ahai activities
will be presented for consideration. On
Wednesday the delegates will select the
design for the Temple, elect new mem-
bers of the executive board and transact
other necessary business.
THE WEST
THE WEDDING OF THE EAST
AND THE WEST.
6. Another interesting event of this
convention will be the wedding of our
dear brother and sister, Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab and Miss- Juanita Storch. In
his last Tablet Abdul-Baha says, "God
willing, the event of your wedding will
likewise come to pass. In this conven-
tion this year, it must unquestionably be
solemnized." This is another sign of
the power of the Word of 
in thus uniting the East and the West
in the divine bond of love and union. It
is the bringing together of the Orient
and the Occident and an evidence of the
potency of the teachings of the Center of
the Covenant. It is their hope that in
thus uniting their spiritual forces they
will be better enabled to serve the
Cause of and the friends
of God in all parts of the world. This is
the day of unity, the century of love, the
period of light and the cycle of truth.
The Mashrekol-Azkar
The first erected on Mt. Carmel, Palestine; the second in Ishkabad, Russia,
and the one to be built in Chicago, U. S. A.
Two excerpts referring to the Mashre7c0Z-
Azlcar to be built in Chicago.
Through his honor, Mirza Ali Kuli Khan,
and the maid-servant of God, Mrs.
Helen S. Goodall, to Miss Angeline
Haste, San Francisco, California:
thou lover of truth!
. . . thou beloved maid-servant
of God! The two stars thou didst be-
hold were wonderful signs, for they were
shining above Lake Michigan; and now
the ground for the Mashrekol-Azkar is
located there. This was a spiritual
revelation and those two stars were two
heavenly orbs which were manifested to
thy eyes, indicating that the Bahai
luminary will dawn above Lake Michi-
gan, which will illumine all parts. This
means that the power of God shall find
a wonderful penetration and by the rays
of the kingdom enlighten all direc-
tions. . . .
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA 
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
November 22, 1909.)
The following extract is contained in a
compilation of incidents and short say-
ings of Abdul-Baha, sent out by Mrs.
Henrietta Clark Wagner, in 1912:
"Miss Boylan said that While in
Thonon (Switzerland), last summer, she
asked Abdul-Baha about the work of
the Mashrekol-Azkar, feeling that it was
extremely necessary to push this work
and get the Temple built as rapidly as
possible, and that he must come to build
it, in fulfillment of the prophecy that the
Lord would come to rebuild the Temple
which had been torn down.
"Miss Boylan said Abdul-Baha re-

