STAR OF THE 161
search is a demonstration of his blind-
ness." God is manifest and has come
like unto a luminating Star, but what
a pity that He has come in the towns
of the blind people.
continually invoke at the Thresh-
hold of the Almighty God that the
minds of the people may be purified
from the ashes of cruelty and injustice,
and may be adorned with the light of
justice and toleration, so that they may
witness the rays of the Sun of Reality
With their outward and inward eyes,
and that they may drink from the River
of Life which is flowing in the heart of
the world, and that they may obtain
eternal life. He is the Ancient above
all things!
THE SPIRITUAL Ho-use or TEHERAN,
(Seal) President Shoao 'lZah.
(INVITATION)
We most respectfully inform the
Spiritual Houses (Houses of Spirit-
uality) of Europe and the United
States, that the Spiritual House of
Teheran will gladly correspond with
the above-mentioned Spiritual Assem-
blies, either in the English, French or
Esperanto languages. If any of the
Bahai Assemblies wish to communicate
with us in any of the above languages
we will answer them as soon as possible.
All letters should be addressed as fol-

Rouhani Davachi,
Khiabani Naserie
Teheran,
Persia.
THE SPIRITUAL Honsn 0F TEHERAN,
(Seal) President Shoao 'ZZa7v.
Recent Tablet to the House of Spirituality, Chicago
To the members of the House of Spirituality, Chicago--Up0n them be the Glory
of God, the Most Glorious!
He Is God!
ye dear friends of Abdul-Bahal
The letter which ye had Written to the Central States was perused. My
hope is that this Convention for Teaching will remain firm and permanent and
that its honorable members will serve the Kingdom of God with utmost unison
and harmony, so that the efiulgent light of the Sun of Reality may illumine the
horizons of America, and the call of His Holiness may reach every-
where. The teachings of His Holiness like unto the breaths of the
Holy Spirit, revives the people. The favors of His Holiness will
encompass all mankind.
Abdul-Baha feels great attachment towards the Chicago friends, for the
call of the Kingdom of God, first of all, reached Chicago and made some souls
in that city attracted to the Heavenly Kingdom. As in the beginning they
did before all attain to the Spirit of Life, so should ye now try to preserve
this bounty to the end. Resist ye like unto a firm foundation every violent
storm. Withstand ye like unto a strongly-rooted tree the severe winds. Be
ye released from every thought save that of the Kingdom of God. Be ye
freed from every bond. Have ye no attachment save that to His Holiness
Strive ye day and night with heart and soul so that ye may
render some service to the Kingdom of God. These are virtues which bear
fruits, otherwise rootless trees fall to earth by furious winds; weak lamps are
extinguished through a breeze; languid bodies become overwhelmed by the
slightest attack (accident) and the superficial people run away from Reality,
as it is plainly mentioned in the Gospels.

