92 STAR OF THE WEST
LOUIS G. GREGORY
To his honor, Mr. Louis Gregory, care of
his honor, Mr. Hannen, Washington,
D. him be 
El-Abha!
He Is God!
thou who art firm in the Covenant!
Thy letters were received. Verily,
thou hast labored hard in this yea.r's
Convention and hast served beyond
thine own endurance. Thou hast more-
over, traveled before and subsequent to
the sittings of the Convention, hast
served by other ways and means, art
ever restless and active and hast, with
thy respected wife, consecrated thy life
to the service of the Kingdom. Un-
doubtedly thou shalt be confirmed and
assisted.
Strive with heart and soul in order
to bring about union and harmony
among the white and the colored and
prove thereby the unity of the Bahai
World wherein distinction of color finds
no place, but where hearts only are con-
sidered. Praise be to God, the hearts
of the friends are united and linked to-
gether, whether they be from the orient
or the occident, from north or from
south, whether they be German, French,
Japanese, American, and whether they
pertain to the white, the black, the red,
the yellow or the brown race. Varia-
tions of color, of land and of race are
of no importance in the Bahai Move-
ment on the contrary, Bahai unity
overcomes them all and does away with
all these fancies and imaginations.
Convey on my behalf to thy fellow-
traveler, Mr. Roy Williams, the utmost
kindness. I am greatly pleased with
him and my hope is that in the future
he may be greatly confirmed. Extend
on my behalf much kindness to thy re-
spected wife. I never forget her and
she is ever in my memory.
Upon thee be Baha-El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Bahjeh, Acca, Palestine, July 24, 1919.)
Green Acre in 1920
Green Acre is turning a new radiant
page in its history this summer. The
wise and beloved Persian teacher, enabi
Fazel Mazandarani, whom Abdul-Baha
in his love has sent to us in response
to the request of the American believers,
will be in Green Acre for lectures and
conference. His interpreter, Manucher
Khan, will conduct a class in Persian.
Here is a wonderful opportunity for the
American friends to drink from a veri-
table fountain of knowledge the pure
water of the Bahai teaching as it is
flowing to-day so gloriously in Persia.
And here is the chance to learn the
original language in which the "river
of glory" has been renewing the world
in these latter days.
There will be many other lectures and
study classes and those wonderful meet-
ings for spiritual communion which are
so characteristic of this "Green Acca"'
by the "River of Light". It is i11 these
meetings that we win a new baptism of
power to "live the life" which alone can
illumine the world.
Mrs. Louise Boyle will conduct a sum-
mer camp for Bahai Juniors with classes
in arts and crafts. There the great
Bahai principles will be taught during
many hours of pure joy. A more per-
fect place for a summer camp devoted to
play, study and spiritual education
could not be chosen than the one at Wil-
low Cote, Green Acre.
The Green Acre Fellowship has
bought the Inn and the surrounding cot-
tages. Now with the Fellowship House,
the Pines, Mt. Salvat it is ready for
the visitors and the glorious destiny
Abdul-Baha has foretold. Full infor-
mation about the rooms, cottages, the
spiritual program, can be had from Mr.
William H. Randall, 35 Congress St,
Boston.
Albert Vail.

