STAR OF THE WEST 177
and mo-st economical to build of any of
his drawings and outlined his sugges-
tions as to the method of construction,
material, etc., and that a rough estimate
made by Roger Boyle, of the Boyle
Construction Company, was in the
neighborhood of $540,000 for a stone
building and about $400,000 of terra
cotta. Various questions from the dele-
gates brought out from Mr. Remey that
his model was built to a scale of 
to a foot, the exterior diameter being
about 95 feet. Also, that his design
would make a building a trifle smaller
than the Ishkabad Temple; that the
diameter of the dome is between 40 to
50 feet. Mr. Remey added that includ-
ing the garden and everything shown
by his model, it would scale up to about
500 feet in diameter.
The chairman stated that in common
with all the other friends presenting
plans to the Convention, the infinite
amount of labor and the time and sacri-
fice that has been put into this work by
these good friends is a feature of unity.
"Most of us know personally of the con-
secrated efforts that have been made al-
most to the limit of physical and nervous
endurance, done as it had to be done,
outside of the regular activities of the
friends. We cannot pass by this par-
ticular moment Without noting this fact
of the devoted service of these men i11
the Cause of 
The chair called upon Louis Bour-
geois of Englewood, New Jersey, con-
cerning his model. Mr. Bourgeois
stated in substance that he realized from
the reading of the Hidden Words that
a new art Was to come with this Revela-
tion, together with a new science and
everything was to be renewed. There-
fore, he had undertaken to avoid all the
style of the past. Also, that since the
teaching of was to unify
all the teaching of the past into one
thought and the religious thoughts of the
past had expressed themselves through
different styles of architecture, he had
combined several creations of architec-
tural style of the past in his model with
a new setting. He spoke of sym-
bolizing the Hidden Words and of
various ancient symbols and that he
used the form giving the idea of the
classic, Romanesque, Moorish, Gothic
and the Renaissance, blending these into
an entirety. He then realized that in
addition to this the union of the Orient
and the Occident- must be clearly shown
and that as he studied the matter a
new form of the first floor of the Temple
came to him in the symbol of a nine
pointed star, made of inverted circles
upon circles. He was unable to get any
further light on the second floor until
the first floor had been made and imme-
diately the second fioor came to him.
Each floor above was not conceived until
the floor below was finished. Then came
the dome which was very unusual, to
crown the whole. He then put the various
different sections together and said "you
can see the result now." He expected,
like all new things, this would be criti-
cized, stating that the model is one-
quarter scale but if half this size model
should be required it would reduce it to
about 225 feet in diameter for the whole
building and he estimated that this 225
ft. model to erect would cost about a
million and a half dollars. He said that
one feature which left the cost indefinite
was the amount necessary to be spent in
foundation; on the half-inch scale the
height would be about 180 feet. He said
the idea was to build in terra cotta which
would allow the model to be preserved
in case an accident happened, another
piece could be cast easily and he had no
fear as to the tracery work on the dome.
That there were nine towers, nine
columns, nine orbs around the outside.
He expressed his opinion that $200,000
would build a up to 27 feet Where
meetings could be held until more funds
came in for the next floor.
The chair then called upon W. S. Max-
well of Montreal to explain his design.

