46 STAR OF
world's heart which needs to be made
into a new heart. Now, how is this to
be done'? The only way is to teach
these people who look at each other so
bitterly to see something in each other
which is supremely beautiful and glori-
ous. If that Christian there in the boat
could have looked into the Mohamme-
dan 's heart and seen that he was worship-
ping the same God as he, only under an-
other name, the Mohammedan and the
Christian could have become brothers;
and if the Jew could have looked into
both of their hearts and said, blessed
Christ, you made the Torah celebrated
all over the world; you made Moses cele-
brated, you made all Hebrews celebrat-
ed; you are the prophet of Israel," then
there could be peace. If the Moham-
medan could see the good in the Chris-
tian, if the Christian could see the good
in the Mohammedan, if the Jew could
see that every great prophet in the World
is one of God's messengers; if all could
look into each other's hearts and see
there the love of the Eternal Father,
then there would begin on earth the Most
Great Peace.
When you meet a stranger, says
Abdul-Baha, say, "Yonder is coming to
me a letter sent me by God." The out-
side of the envelope may be dirty, and
torn and broken, but if we could open
the envelope of the life that comes be-
fore us and look Within the envelope
and learn to read the writing, we would
find in every human soul which crosses
our threshold or which is yonder over
the man-made national border, a mes-
sage from God, and if we could under-
stand the message it would be God 's ben-
ediction to us. There is only one hope
for humanity today and that is to see
all human beings as rays of the one di-
vine sun which is God, as pearls of the
one ocean which is God, flowers of the
one garden Whose Gardener is God,
and to see all as potentially the light
of the one sun which shall be diffused,
waves of the one sea which shall over-
flow the world. This is the foundation
THE WEST
of peace upon the earth, to realize, as
Paul said from Mars Hill, that "God
made of one blood all nations of men
for to dwell on all the face of the earth,
if haply they might feel after Him and
find Him, though He be not far from
any one of us." Abdul-Baha says that
God, the divine Gardener, looking over
the garden of humanity, sees that it
would be a monotonous garden if He
made us all white, like white roses, and
so, in His love of beauty and variety
He made some of the roses yellow like
the Mongolians and some brown like the
Hindus and others red like the red men
and others black like the colored people.
God in His universal vision loves all the
varieties, and for this reason He put
these different colored roses, His chil-
dren, in the garden of humanity. If
we could see that they all come from
one garden and they all diffuse one
fragrance and they are all under the
sun of one God, then would these fruit-
less strifes, these ruinous Wars pass
away and upon this little planet the
Most Great Peace of God would come.
How can we gain a belief in God vivid
enough really to make this come about?
There is only one way and that is to find
someone who manifests all that our di-
vinest spirit wants to see of God. Now
when we look within ourselves we find
our divine nature is like a tiny flicker-
ing candle. When we look at the faces
of most of our neighbors we know that
their faces are sometimes dark and
sometimes bright, like the passing of
clouds and of sunshine, and we are never
quite sure of our neighbor, whether he
will be on his good behavior today, or
tomorrow. We all vacillate and the di-
vine side comes and goes. How can we
be sure that the divine is the real thing
in the world, in ourselves and in our
neighbor? The only way is to know
some being in whom the light of God's
life is always shining, in whom the glory
of God 's presence is always resplendent,
on the altar of whose sacrificed human
self the eternal fire of God is always

