182 STAR OF
is right!' And after this council, from
the summit of the mount they descended,
and each one took a direction. That is
the kind of consultation! That is spir-
itual consultation. Not that if one
should express an opinion the others
should rise against him like the French
parliamentarians and fight each other."
At this point, enabi Fazel Mazan-
darani and Manucher Khan, who had
just reached New York from Haifa, en-
tered the Convention hall. Their advent
produced the greatest happiness among
the delegates and the fragrant breezes
of the Covenant were wafted to all
hearts. Our brothers being invited to
address the Convention, Jenabi Fazel,
ably interpreted by Manucher Khan,
spoke as follows:
First Address by Jenabi Fa/eel
.Mai2aindarawi
"l/Ve are very glad to see you all. Our
hearts are pleased indeed. We were eight
days on the sea and the waves were very
high, but the hope to see you made every-
thing happy and easy for us. We were
in such ectasy and such longing that it
can only be imagined.
"Think of the distance between the
East and West, how far~Persia is from
America. Such unity and such harmony
is special to this Cause Only, All the
Divine Manifestations appeared in this
world for love and unity, and in their
own time they all established love and
unity. See what this Cause has done
during such a brief period--what union
and love it has brought about. It has
united East and Vllest. This is one of
the miracles of this period and this cy-
cle. There are thousands in the East
who are anxious to see you. It is their
greatest wish to see one of you, but it is
too far away and they cannot. It is only
through the bounty of the Master (Ab-
dul-Baha) that we are here. are
very happy and consider ourselves very
fortunate indeed. We did not deserve
this bounty at all. We left Haifa about
two months ago to come to see you.
THE WEST
Many obstacles arose for us on the way,
and We had many difficulties too; when
they became most difficult then the in-
visible Hand untied the knot. His in-
visible bounty made those difficulties
easy.
"Praise be to God, that we have at-
tained to the end of the journey in such
a good time--the time of Rizwan. Be-
fore the Rizwan ended we have sue-
ceeded in seeing you. This feast of Riz-
wan is mentioned in the Book of A-lcdas
--and it is called the greatest feast, for
it was during this time that the greatest
Manifestation appeared
in the world. It was during this time
that the best foundation of love was
started; in this period the Sun of Re-
ality and the Sun of Love appeared; in
this time the standard of peace was ele-
vated in the world. It was in this time
that steps were taken for the unity of
the people of the East and the \Vest.
"In this time of Rizwan the Bahais
all over the world render great services;
they hold meetings of consultation to
consider how to spread the spiritual
fragrances of the many Mashrekol-Az-
kars. If there are no Mashrekol-Azkars
in their country or district, at this time
they take steps to build one, and if they
already have one they take steps to make
it larger. Mashrekol-Azkars are very
necessary in this Cause. Abdul-Baha
says that we must have a Mas11reko1-Az-
kar in every town. It is also the com-
mand of His Holiness, 
That is to say, real supplication should
be shown to the people of the world in
this Temple, which is the Temple of
unity; to show the people of the world
what is pure supplication and pure
prayer. In this season and in this time
all the Spiritual Meetings (Houses of
Spirituality) are renewed, in this time
they select their members again; that is,
they begin to elect their representatives
in this season, who in turn select the
members of the Spiritual Meetings.
hope that in this time we will be
successful in all of our services. When

