STAR OF THE WEST 115
fection was over and had their baggage
disinfected too. It was 
brimstone enough for this world and the
next. Doctors examined the passengers
and a doctor on board took temperatures
each day. (It is important to carry a
thermometer and simple remedies.)
Thus Miss Root, whom everybody pre-
dicted would be delayed for several
months in Bahia, voyaged on safely
after a six-day stay in city
of which Abdul-Baha said: "Visit ye
especially Bahia, on the eastern shore
of Brazil. Because in the past years
this city was christened with the name
of Bahia, there is no doubt that it has
been through the inspiration of God. 
The journey from Bahia to Rio is four
days. All boats were pleasant but so
small they rolled interminably and some
of the most seasoned sailors were seasick.
No other woman aboard was able to go
into the dining room once during the
voyage. Only two persons spoke Eng-
lish on the Itassuce, but several could
talk in French, and with so much prac-
tice Miss Root now gave the Message in
French. One man going to his home in
Cortiba, the capital of the state of Pa-
rana, took the book, Tablet of Tarazat,
etc., and will place it in the city library
there. The Message was also given to
a man who acts as a guide and inter-
preter in South American hotels, He is
a Roumanian who speaks seven lan-
guages; also some rationalists, who had
seen the articles in the papers, asked
about the Cause.
Rio de Janeiro harbor is called the
most beautiful in the world. It is
eighteen miles long and sixteen miles
wide--a magnificent "bowl" With its
edges stupendous mountains whose
slender pinnacles are capped with
graceful, restless palm trees; those com-
panionable trees that legend tells can-
not live beyond the sound of the human
voice. In this "bowl" are a hundred
lovely islands. Rio, one of the greatest
show places on the earth, is remembered
always for its scenery. Miss Root ar-
rived in the best time of all, the glorious
sunset hour. It was at six o'clock Au-
gust 27th, 1919. She went to eight ho-
tels finding them all crowded and at
the ninth place took a room in a Por-
tuguese hotel where no other language
is spoken. She found her way around
R-io by writing her address and showing
the paper to policemen and street car
conductors.
She gave the Bahai Message about as
follows: Interviewing the American
Consul-General the first day, he intro-
duced her to the editor of the ozmtal
do O0mme'rcz'o, who was calling at the
consulate. This is the largest paper in
Brazil and Miss Root learned later that
it is one of the influential papers in the
world; its news is copied by papers in
other cities and small towns throughout
the twenty-one states. The editor in-
vited her to call at his office. He was
interested in the Bahai Cause and gave
it about three-fourths of a column, an
excellent article, outlining the vital prin-
ciples. He also gave her addresses to an
Esperanto writer and to the President
of the Esperanto Society of Brazil.
After that call Miss Root went out to
Copacabana, a fashionable residence
section by the sea, to call upon Mr. Mi-
guel Shelly 's wife and sister, Mrs.
Bertha Thomas--Americans who have
lived many years in Brazil. The Bahai
Cause was the theme of the conversa-
tion and the spiritual friendship has
proved beautiful. The sister has the
little prayer book, several Bahai book-
lets and a picture of Abdul-Baha. The
following day she came and took Miss
Root to the second largest newspaper,
Journal olo Brazil, and interpreted the
Message. They met the owner as well
as tlieeditor, and a good article ap-
peared in the Sunday paper. The next
call was to Mr. Manoel Cicero, Director
of the Bibliotheca do Rio de aneiro, in
the Avenida Rio do Branco. This is
the finest library in Brazil and is stacked
with 400,000 volumes. The Director re-
ceived Some Answereol Questions, What

