STAR OF THE WEST Z13
The week before she had talked with
some who had frozen faces and feet, and
some were ill from coming over, and a
new storm had stopped all traffic since
their arrival. One American said in a
newspaper article published the day be-
fore she started: "If you would con-
sider riding around the edge of the
Woolworth building, when it is covered
with ice and snow, on a gentle mule, a
safe pastime, then have no fears regard-
ing the inconveniences in crossing the
Andes in winter." He told about rid-
ing around the cliifs within an inch of
a precipice some hundreds of feet high.
He said he wore three suits of woolen
underwear, a sweater, a bath robe, over-
coat, ponchos, had his feet wrapped with
pieces of sack and then nearly froze to
death.
Miss Root realized that to return via
the Atlantic Ocean meant not to give
the Bahai Message up the west
coast and in Panama, the place Abdul-
Baha had especially mentioned. Dr.
Vargas who knows South America well,
assured her she would get through, and
she bought her ticket. She started amid
gifts of b-ooks, flowers, fruits, candy and
lunches. Mrs. de Bischoff brought her
own very heavy coat and woolen under-
wear telli11g Miss Root to use them and
then pass them on to a sister in New
York. She also brought food, sweets,
and port wine. Mrs. Vargas said in her
new English, so carefully studied: 
have prepared chicken sandwiches for
you myself." Dr. and Mrs. Vargas and
Madame Hersch brought delights for the
spirit, mind and body. The artist
came with another lunch, and other
friends with offerings were Theosophists,
a Belgian girl, a German, a Scotch Wo-
man and a Peruvian.
A New York business diplomat, part-
ner in one of the largest exporting
houses, was crossing and had said he
would do anything he could for Miss
Root. Her roommate in the "camer-
ata," sleeper of the train, was a charm-
ing Italian girl, well educated and flu-
ent in French. The American looked
after both of them with the same effi-
ciency and irresistible manners that
have made his business such a success.
Dr. Vargas had written and tele-
graphed the number of the car and
camorata to the President of the Theo-
sophical Society in Mendoza, and next
morning this stately man (who looks
exactly like Tagore) came with a little
group of friends. The wait there was
two hours, and they took Miss Root and
the Italian girl to breakfast and for a
drive. The Italian girl spoke Spanish
and interpreted. Mendoza is a city of
200,000. There was time to explain the
Bahai Message, give them Spanish book-
lets and Spanish papers explaining the
Revelation, and they said they would
put articles into the Mendoza newspa-
pers.
The trip by mule-b-ack over the "top
of the world," for the Andes are among
the highest ranges, the Aconcagua ris-
ing to a height of 23,300 feet, was thril-
ling enough for the most sensational. To
pray the "Greatest Name" among these
minarets of God was to glimpse the
glory of the Eternal, Unknowable. The
ancient trail led 10,400 feet above sea
level. The people on mule back were
infinitesimal specks clinging to mighty
terraces--as "ants in an endless and
boundless forest"--they huddled on the
edge of jagged peaks, frozen chasms, and
stiffened mountain torrents. Everybody
felt very small and a wonderful feeling
of "camaraderie" sprang up. Fortu-
nately the sun shone and the
acute cold was not so terrible as all had
expected. The Italian girl being an ex-
pert horsewoman, generously gave Miss
Root the man she had engaged by tele-
gram to walk beside her mule. (She
had made this journey before and knew
very well what to do.)
A detour through one dark tunnel
took over an hour in stumbling, slipping
blackness in which the frightened mules
shied and fell. Miss Root, as her mule
plunged downward into the mouth of
the tunnel, gripped the pommel, threw
her body far back, closed her eyes, and

