STAR OF THE WEST 291
versal cominonwealth. It will be the
cause of love between the children of
men. It will cause good fellowship be-
tween the various races. Now, praise
be to God, that Dr. Zamenhof has in-
vented the Esperanto language. It has
all the potential qualities of becoming
the international means of communica-
tion. All of us must be grateful and
thankful to him for this noble effort, for
in this way he has served his fellow-men
well. has invented a language which
will bestow the greatest benefits on all
people. \Vith untiring effort and self
sacrifice on the part of its devotees it
will become universal. Therefore every
one of us must study this language and
spread it as far as possible so that day
by day it may receive a broader recog-
nition, be acrcepted by all nations and
governments of the world and become a
part of the curriculum in all the public
schools. I hope that the language of all
the future international conferences and
congresses will become Esperanto, so
that all people may acquire only two
languages--one their own tongue and
the other the international auxiliary lan-
guage. Then perfect union will be estab-
lished between all the people of the
world. Consider how difficult it is today
to communicate with various nations.
If one studies fifty languages one may
yet travel through a country and not
know the language. I know several lan-
guages of the Orient, but do not know
the Vilestern tongues. If this internation-
al language were in force, having stud-
ied it, I should be able to speak it and
you would have been directly informed
of my thoughts, and a special friendship
established between every one of us.
The lack of such a language is now a
great barrier.
"Therefore I hope that you will make
the utmost effort, so that this language
of Esperanto may be widely spread.
Send some teachers to Persia if you can.
so that they may teach it to- the young
people, and I have written to Persia to
tell some of the Persians to come here to
study it.
hope that this language will be
promulgated very quickly and the world
of humanity finds eternal peace; that
all the nations may associate with one
another and become as brothers and sis-
ters, mothers and fathers; then each
individual member of the body politic
will be fully informed of the thoughts of
all.
am extremely grateful to you, and
thank you for these lofty aims, for you
have gathered at this banquet to further
this language.
"Your hope is to render a mighty ser-
vice to the world of humanity, and for
this great aim I congratulate you from
the bottom of my heart."
Extra-ct from Address of Abdul-Boha
to the" Theosophical Society Paris,
Fm/no-e, Tim-rsday e'vem'ng, Febmamy
13th, 1913;
observe that today the means of
unity are brought about. This in itself
is an evidence that the divine confirma-
tions are with us. One of the principles
of the oneness of the world of humanity
is the invention of the universal auxiliary
language, Esperanto. We observe that
this language is spreading daily, and its
advocates are increasing. It is indubi-
table that the universal auxiliary lan-
guage will become instrumental in wip-
ing away the present misunderstandings,
and each individual will be able to be in-
formed of the thought of all humanity.
"Therefore we must all strive to
spread among our fellow men this lan-
guage. This international auxiliary lan-
guage will be an introduction to the
establishment of the oneness of the
world of humanity. The greatest efforts
must be displayed in this direction."
Excerpt from Tablet, Jan. 10, 1919:
"My hope is that the Esperantists
may become attracted by these epistles
and may consider the magnitude of
confirmation bestowed upon the Esper-
anto Language and may endeavor to
translate some of the important Tablets
of Fis Foliness and pro-
pagate them all around."

