STAR OF THE WEST Z39
of Mount Sinai! Assist me to abide in
its conditions, Thou, the Authority of
Manifestation. Aid me to assist Thy
Cause in the eastern and western p.arts
of the earth, Thou, the Possessor of
the Day of Resurrection. I ask Thee,
by Thy written Book, dispersed writ-
ings; by Thy Hidden Mystery, and Thy
defended allusions, to cause me to be
firm to Thy servitude, my Lord, the
Forgiver! Verily, Thou art the Power-
ful, above what Thou wishest, and ver-
ily, Thou are the Merciful and Most
Compassionate 
thou who art calling by the Testa-
ment, in the Pivot of the horizons!
This servant, according to the clear
statements in Kitob-cl-Altdas, and the
unambiguous texts of the Kitab-eZ~Ahd,
is the Commentator, and the Explainer
of the texts of God. All the faithful ones,
who are assured and firm in the Testa-
ment and Covenant of God, must neither
overreach the clear explanation of this
servant, nor the unambiguous inter-
pretation of this slave. If anyone over-
reaches, he follows his own supposi-
tions. This servant gives the real mean-
ing, and the meaning of the real also.
The Mystery of mysteries of the texts,
words and lines, is servitude to the Holy
Presence of the Beauty of Abha, and
eifacement, evanescence and perfect dis-
persion before the Blessed Threshold.
This is my brilliant diadein, and my
glorious crown. With this I will be
glorious in the Heavenly Kingdom, and
the And with it, I will vie with
the beauty among the nearest ones to
God, and no one is allowed to interpret
other than this, and this is the perspicu-
ous truth.
thou, who are proclaiming the men-
tioning of God! The indicated Commen-
tator is the Interpreter of the \/Vords,
and this servant is aside from praise,
qualities, names, characteristics, virtues,
peculiarities, eulogies and honors; but
my name, being, reality and personality
are servitude to the Beauty of Abha, and
I am not worthy to be considered as hav-
ing the shadow of arising. As the Man-
ifestation said; "Plant
this Branch in the ground of the hearts,
and make it holy from shadow and
arising. 
Some Important Commands from The Center
of The Covenant
EXCERPTS from some instructions
given by Abdul-Baha to several
friends in America, July, 1912, which
received his personal signature:
"If a soul shall utter a word without
the sanction of the Covenant, he is not
firm. appointed a Cove-
nant to ward oif dissensions; so that no
one can have his own opinions; so that
the Center can be referred to. There
were dissensions in the time of Christ
because there was no Center. This is the
reality of the question."
'"Whatever the Center of the Covenant
says is correct. No one should speak a
word of himself. BAnA'o'nnA1=i has
called down the vengeance of God upon
anyone who violates the Covenant. Be-
ware! Beware! Lest ye be shaken!
Remain firm even if the people of heaven
try to shake you. Firmness in the Goo-
ena/nt is not mere words. The command
is explicit."
(Signed by ABDUL-BAHA)
"The Point to which all eyes should
turn is One. All eyes must turn their
attention to the Center of the Covenant
while the presence of the Covenant is
among us. No other should have any
existence. All others save the Center of
the Covenant are equal."
(Signed by ABDUL-BAHA)
In a talk given by ABDUL--BAHA in Los
Angeles, Oct. 19th, 1912, he said:
(Continued on page 160)

