4
STAR OF THE WEST
Twelve Basic Bahai Principles
COMPILED FROM THE WORDS OF 
These twelve basic Bahai principles were laid down by Baha'o'llah over
sixty years ago and are to be found in his published
writings of that time.

Universal peace.
9. Universal education.
The oneness of the world of humanity.
lndependent investigation of truth.
The foundation of all religions is one.
Religion must be the cause of unity.
Religion must be in accord with science and reason.
Equality between men and women.
Prejudice of all kinds must be forgotten.
10. Solution of the economic problem.
11. A universal language.
12. An intemational tribunal.
1. The Oneness of the World of
Humanity
Baha'o'1lah addresses himself to the world of
man saying, "Ye are all the leaves of one tree
and the fruits of one arbor." That is, the world
of existence is no other than one tree, and the
nations or peoples are like unto the different
branches or limbs thereof, and human individuals
are similar to the fruits and blossoms thereof
. . . while in all past religious books and
epistles, the world of humanity has been divided
into two parts: one called the "people of the
Book," or the "pure tree," and the other, the
"evil tree." One-half of the people'of the world
were looked upon as belonging to the faithful,
and the o-ther as belonging to the irreligious and
the infidel; one-half of the people were consigned
to the mercy of the Creator, and the other half
were considered as objects of the wrath of their
Maker. But Baha'o'llah proclaimed the oneness
of the world of submerged all
mankind in the sea of divine generosity.
2. Independent lnvestigation
of Truth
No man should follow blindly his ancestors and
forefathers. Nay, each must see with his own
eyes, hear with his own ears, and investigate
truth in order that he may find the Truth; where-
as the religion of forefathers and ancestors is
based upon blind should investi-
gate the truth.
mix-
3. The Foundation of All
Religions is one
The foundation underlying all the divine pre-
cepts is one reality. lt must needs be reality,
and reality is one, not multiple. Therefore the
foundation of the divine religions is one. But we
can see that certain forms have come in, certain
imitations of forms and ceremonials have crept
in. They are heretical, they are accidental, be-
cause they differ; hence they cause differences
among religions. But if we set aside these imi-
tations and seek the reality of the foundation we
shall all agree, because religion is one and not
multiple.
4. Religion Must Be the Cause
of Unity Among Mankind
Every religion is the greatest divine effulgence,
the cause of life amongst men, the cause of the
honor of humanity, and is productive of life
everlasting amongst humankind. Religion is not
for enmity or hatred. It is not for tyranny or
injustice. If religion be the cause of enmity and
rancor, if it should prove the cause of alienating
men, assuredly non-religion would be better. For
religion and the teachings which appertain to it
are a course of treatment. What is the object of
any course of treatment? It is cure and healing.
But if the outcome of a course of treatment
should be productive of mere diagnosis and dis-
cussion of the abolition of it is evi-
dently preferable. In this sense, abandoning re-
ligion would be a step toward unity,
5. Religion Must Be in Accord
with Science and Reason
Religion must be reasonable; it must agree per-
fectly with science, so that science shall sanction
religion and religion sanction science. The two
must be brought together, indissolubly, in reality'.
Down to the present day it has been customary
for man to accept a thing because it was called
religion, even though it were not in accord with
human reason.

