Z84-A STAR OF THE WEST
on the horizon each day, producing the
seasons, and that this underlying action
of the seasons does not in any way in-
terfere or prevent the sun rising each
morning and setting each evening.
They would know that here were two ap-
parently independent actions, the one
causing the days and nights and the
other causing the seasons of the year.
These two actions, one complete in twen-
ty-four hours and the other complete in
365 days, operate independently of each
other but in perfect accord, the one like
the waves on the surface of the ocean,
the other like the great tide.
Now let us consider human life. It
passes through babyhood, childhood,
youth, manhood, middle age and old
age. Each life is lived moment by mo-
ment; each thought, each decision, is of
only a 1noment's duration, for time
moves on imperceptibly in a way impos-
sible to measure; yet the higher the in-
telligence, and the greater and more im-
portant the life, the greater the underly-
ing purpose which moves steadily on
from the moment of birth to that of
death.
Without using further illustrations, if
you examine everything you will find in
it the momentary action and unde-rneath
the great design, the wave on the sur-
face and the great tidal movement, the
thought of the moment and the great
underlying purpose.
Man 's greatest endeavor is to find his
perfect 'relationship with himself, his
family, his neighbors, his country and
his God. Only through religion is he
able to do this, for without it he cannot
find the balance between the personal
and the universal. VVhat is universal
to man is personal to the neighborhood.
What is universal to the neighborhood
is personal to the nation. That is, to
make a united nation each neighbor-
hood must set aside its own personal
wishes in part to become a unit of the
government, and each man must set
aside his own personal wishes in part
and look at things in a universal Way to
have a good neighborhood. Religion
furnishes this perfect -balance between
the personal demands and the universal
demands, because, when man sets aside
his own idea of God and accepts the
idea of God as set forth by the Mani-
festations of God, he finds unity in idea,
and among men the proper appreciation
of values becomes realized.
Now let us consider the religions and
see if we find in them the solution of the
needs of the hour and also the great
underlying purpose as we find through-
out nature.
The Holy Land has been the center of
religious exposition from the time of
our father Abraham. The Mountain of
Carmel has seen the manifestation of
the will of God to men from Abraham,
Moses, Jesus, Mohammed and_Baha'o-
'llah. Abraham came from Ur of the
Ohaldees, he journeyed up the Mesopo-
tamian valley, through the fertile cres-
cent at the north of the Arabian Desert
till he came to the Holy Land. He met
the needs of the hour by setting up a
patriarchal form of government and left
the promise that sometime all men would
become as brothers and that this Gove-
nant God made with him would become
established throughout the world.
To this land came Moses from Egypt
and he met the needs of the hour by
establishing the principle of law, and
Moses and the prophets promised a fu-
ture time when peace should reign su-
preme, when men would beat their
spears i11to plowshares and not learn
war any more.
To this land also came Jesus, to a
land sanctified by the feet of the Holy
ones before him, to a land flowing with
the milk and honey of spiritual endow-
ment. He taught the needs of the houi
in the law of love and forgiveness, and
he established the church or sanctuary
as a place to keep alive this sacred flame
of love lest the feet of the fierce ones
of the world stamp it out. It was like
the sweet childhood of religion, the man-
isfestation of the Son of God.
And to this land came also Moham-
med. He taught the Wild tribes of the

