STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall he; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. ll Azamat l, 76 (May 17, 1920) No.4
Twelfth Annual Mashrekol-Azkar Convention
and Bahai Congress
BY Louis G. Gnncoev.
THE FEAST OF 
THE Feast of El-Rizwan and its in-
troductory reception opened the
Twelfth Annual Maslirekol-Azkar Con-
vention. The Aldine Club, Fifth Ave-
nue, New York City, was the scene of
this shining company at 5 o'clock Satur-
day afternoon, April 24th, 1920. Those
receiving were the Executive Board of
Bahai Temple Unity, the Board of Nine
of the New York Assembly and repre-
sentatives of various assemblies and
groups in New York City and its en-
virons. The reception hall Was soon filled
to overflowing with delegates and visit-
ing friends and the affectionate greetings
made bright faces and joyful hearts.
Later, these representatives of various
centers, who outwardly were also identi-
fied with various races, nations, philos-
ophies and religions, found the fra-
grances of concord in the Rizwan of
Abha. The guests sat around many
tables in the spacious dining room and
partook of a simple repast. The friends,
rising to their feet, united, as befitting
so great an occasion, in a chorus of
praise. The selected was "Great
Day of God." The presiding officer, Mr.
Mountfort Mills, of New York, dignified
and genia.l, then read from the Creative
\Vords as revealed by His Holiness,
BArazi'o'LL.in 1
people of God! Be not occupied
with yourselves. Be intent on the bet-
terment of the World and the training
of the nations. The betterment of the
W0-rld can be accomplished through pure
and excellent deeds and well-approved
and excellent conduct. The helper of
the Cause is deeds, and the assistant,
good character."
"This call and this mention have not
been and are not peculiar to a country
or a city. All the people of the world
must take hold of that which is revealed
and hath become manifest, so that they
may attain to real liberty. The world is
illumined with the rays of the Orb of
Manifestation. . . . Now the ma-
jority of the population of the countries
are ready to hearken to the Most High
Vilord, for the revival and resurrection
of all depends upon and is related to it. 
Mr. Mills said in part: "Just a year
ago We gathered in a feast similar to
this. It was then in our hearts to- real-
ize the Most Great Peace among the na-
tions. "We fear the full realization of
this is still far away. But far be it
from me to sound a note of sorrow or de-
pression. It is rather to emphasize our
hopes and expectations, for great is our
joy that We have been shown the path
that leads to the ultimate goal. The
nations cannot realize their highest hopes
without turning to the mighty power
of God in sacrifice and service to the
great Center. Permitted to gather once
more under the banner of 
under whose Covenant victory alone is
possible, New York City is especially
happy and expresses the spirit of wel-
come."
Mr. Roy C. Wilhelm, of New York,
was introduced to speak and with his

