230 STAR OF THE WEST
see the brilliant faces of the friends of God, and didst enjoy the spirituality and
love of the German friends. Verily, verily, the German frinds are luminous,
spiritual and heavenly. They are spreading the oneness of humanity, they are
in peace with all the nations of the world, and practice love and kindness towards
all the religions of the World. They are self-sacrificing in the path of the King-
dom, and are firm and steadfast in the Covenant and Testament. Thou art
unquestionably in the utmost joy and rapture now that thou art mingling and
associating with those blessed souls.
It is my hope that thy present trip will give rise to great results. Convey
on my behalf, love and affection to all the friends, the servants and the maid-
servants of God!
Unto thee be the Glory of God!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Azizullah S. Bahadur, August 20, 1920, Mount Carmel,
Palestine. 
Recent Tablets to the Bahais of Germany
TABLET TO STUTTGART
Through his honor Aga Mirza Azizullah
Khan him be the
Glory of God, the Most Glorious 
to the friends of God and the maid-
servants of the Merciful, Stuttgart,
Gern1any--Upon them be the Glory
of God, the Most Glorious!
Miss Doring, Mrs. Kusterer, her daugh-
ter Hilda, Miss Julie Stabler, Miss Elise
Stabler, Miss Elsie Sechald, her mother
and brother, Mr. Franz Poellinger, Mrs.
Bauer and her family, Miss Nebelhack,
Miss Raps in Nurenberg, Mrs. Rosa
Schwarz, Roschen and Mr. Edward
Schwarz, Mr. and Mrs. Weigle, Mrs.
Klatte, and her family, Miss Schnitzler,
Mr. Heinz and his family, Mr. Grober
and his family, Miss Schenerle and her
sisters, Mr. Dengler, Miss Emelie,
Martha Stabler, Mrs. and Mr. Schlag,
Miss Schutz, Mrs. Steidle and her fam-
ily, Mr. Bergheimer, Mr. a11d Mrs.
Weiland in Karlsruhe, Mr. Richard
Kohler and his mother, Mr. Max Bender
and betrothed, Miss Herther Doring,
Mr. and Mrs. Kurt Doring, Mrs. Simon
and her family in Hamburg, Mrs. Haus-
mann, Miss Schuler and Miss Alma
Knobloch.
He Is God!
ye real friends of Abdul-Baha!
The letter of Miss Doring was
perused. Praise be to God, it had the
glad-tidings of your firmness and stead-
fastness; of your attraction to the di-
vine breathings and enkindlement With
the fire of the love of God. Praise be
to God, that ye are all brilliant can-
dles and trees of the Paradise of Abha.
Abdul-Baha feels great attachment to
the Stuttgart friends. His nostrils are
perfumed with the fragrance of those
flowers and his heart is exceedingly de-
lighted with the luster of those blessed
souls. Therefore it is certain that the
teachings of the Most High, 
Will, in that region and country,
spread to the utmost and souls from
Germany will like unto the candles en-
kindle and radiate streaming beams in
all directions.
Therefore I am giving ye the glad-
tidings that the glance of favor is di-
rected upon ye, and the rays of the
Sun of Reality are the adornment of
your hearts. There is no confirmation
greater than this. This is because the
distasteful smell of violation has not,
up to this time, reached that blessed
region.
Some Persian enemies, however, from
the followers of Yahya (Azel) are in the
region of Berlin, Who in various under-
hand ways are striving to penetrate into

