Z12 STAR OF
sure you, you have met the finest peo-
ple in this country in knowing Dr. and
Mrs. Vargas." Their hospitality was
genuinely delightful, their love for this
Bahai Cause so great that they not only
did all the big things, but all the little
ones, too. They are studying English
and will come to the United States in
February. Mrs. Hersch will accompany
them. They will visit the Bahai As-
semblies in North America during their
journey across the continent.
The Bahai Message was presented to
the president of the Single Tax society
through the courtesy of the Phoenix Ho-
tel owner. There are three Suffrage
parties in Buenos Aires. Miss Root met
with them four times and spoke for a
few minutes at three events. Her sub-
jects were, "Equality of Men and Wo-
men," "Economic Problems" and
"Universal Education." At the first
informal meeting when she spoke, they
all arose during the Bahai talk, as a
mark of respect. Mrs. de Bischoff in-
terpreted. Men as well as women at-
tend the suifrage meetings in Argentina.
Madam Elvira R-awson de Dellepiane,
president of the Suffrage Society_ called
"Association Pro-Derechos de la Mu-
jur," gave a tea for Miss Root, and the
organization as a whole gave a tea for
her later in one of their fashionable
clubs. At the latter tea she met several
newspaper women and women authors.
The Bahai Revelation was presented at
each gathering. Newspaper re-porters
and photographers were present at both
meetings.
An editor of a Syrian magazine, who
attended the Saturday evening lecture,
later showed Miss Root an article which
he had written ten years ago on the
Bahai Cause and had never published
it. He is using an article now. An-
other prominent Syrian, decorated with
the cross of honor recently by the
French Government, is editor of La
Nota. He used a two-page article giv-
ing a picture of Abdul-Baha and out-
lining the vital principles of the Bahai
teachings. The magazine is in Spanish.
THE WEST
Still another magazine, Cams 3/ Care-
tas, used a long article with two photo-
graphs. (See frontispiece, page 106.)
The Thcosophrical Magazine, published
in Buenos Aires and sent to all countries
in South America, used an article with
photographs.
Unlike other South American cities,
Miss Root found that a few people had
heard of the Bahai Cause. An artist
there had heard it from Miss Watson
in Paris and later Juliet Thompson, of
New York, had sent her many Tablets.
Mrs. de Bischoff had heard the name
through this artist and later had met
Mr. Pauli and Mr. and Mrs. MacNutt in
New York and attended a Bahai meet-
ing in the MaeNutt home. A French-
man, who attended the lectures, had seen
Abdul-Baha in Paris. It was this
Frenchman who volunteered to trans-
late Miss Root's history of the Bahai
Cause into Spanish for the Theosophical
Magazine. He has five books on the
Cause written in French, and is loaning
these to Dr. Vargas to read. A school
girl had heard of this religion while
traveling in Switzerland and through
the head of her school Miss Root was in-
vited to come there. A young man came
who said he had known of Mr. Urbain
LeDoux' kindness at the Bowery Step-
ping Stone in New York.
The trip to South America has con-
vinced Miss Root that while Esperanto
is excellent and to be ardently sup-
ported, it will only bear its best fruits
in the next generation. Bahais for the
decades just ahead must master as many
languages as possible. In order to meet
these South Americans half-way, she
started in to learn from them Spanish
pronunciation and first principles. One
can only do one's best, but every hour
spent by a Bahai on language study will
help some.
The plan was to cross the Andes and
come up the west coast to Panama. As
this trans-Andean trip seemed extreme-
ly hazardous some of the friends tried to
dissuade Miss Root from attempting it.

