STAR OF WEST 
together, worked together but after their
early marriages they did not see each
other much. Mrs. Vegas never met Lua
after the latter became a Bahai, but she
heard of this wonderful new religion
from L-na's mother.
Mrs. Vegas has made eighteen trips to
South America. She speaks Portu-
guese, French and Spanish as fluently
as English. It was she who established
milk stations for poor mothers and ba-
bies in Brazil; she took charge of sup-
plies during a famine in the interior of
Brazil, and in New York City she was
one of the most brilliant speakers in the
Third and Fourth Liberty Loan drives.
At present she is in Brazil as a repre-
sentative of one of the largest Amer-
ican business houses and has been at
the Hotel do Parque for seven months.
As there was "no room in the innher room for Miss Root.
Business men abroad the ship had heard
of Mrs. Vegas' ability and when Miss
Root Went back to say good-bye and told
them who her companion was, it certain-
ly made an impression. The capta.in
and others asked for more blue booklets.
Some of the passengers sent Mrs- Vegas
some American candy and came with
Miss Boot to the h0tel--along empty
streets guarded by soldiers and dully
resounding with explosives of dynamite
and in the churches people were gath-
ered praying that the revolution would
cease. Next morning Mrs. Vegas re-
ceived a cablegram making it possible
for her to travel to Bahia and Rio, in
the interest of her firm. Her agents
were able to guarantee steamship pas-
sage to Bahia, August 16th.
Miss Boot had been to the editor of
the largest newspaper in Pernambuco
and after speaking to him in French,
she wrote an article on the Bahai Move-
ment and Esperanto. Mrs. Vegas took
her next morning to every one of the
five large newspapers in the city and
explained in detail the Bahai Cause and
Esperanto, acting as interpreter for her.
The editors listened with great interest.
Articles appeared, and before leaving
the city, Mrs. Vegas and Miss Root fol-
lowed the usual custom of going to see
the editors again to thank them and to
say good-bye.
Going aboard the Brazilian ship
Itapuhy, bound from Pernambuco to
Bahia, August 16th, in two days Miss
Root gave the Message astollows: Hear-
ing Arabic chanting she later spoke to
the passenger through an interpreter.
She found he lived in Acca and knew
Abdul-Baha. He described the majestic
presence of the Center of the Covenant
with the greatest enthusiasm, his face
was full of light as he talked; he said he
had often eaten meals in Abbas EfiEURll'-
di's house. "My father knew 
he exclaimed. This man has
been away from Acca seventeen years
and is just returning. He is a Moham-
medan; he took a blue booklet and is
carrying a little giftfrom Miss Root to
Abdul-Baha. This Syrian presented
her with a very delicious little Arabian
cake and was kind to her on this stormy
trip whe11 everybody was seasick. The
boats are so small they roll like barrels,
compared of course to the great ocean
liners.
A custom house official from Pernam-
buco heard the Message as did also a
captain from Denmark, a man from
Beirut, a first officer from Africa, a
superintendent of schools in Brazil, a
young man just leaving with twenty-
nine other young men sent out by the
Brazilian government to the United
States to study for two years.
The next morning the boat stopped
for six hours in Maceio, a city of 7 0,000.
A merchant who knew Mrs. Vegas came
out with a sailboat and took Mrs. Vegas
and Miss Root to see his city. After a
motor ride, he drove to all the newspaper
ofiices. When the editors were not in
he took his guests to their homes. The
editor and owner of the Jottrnal Ala-
goas, Mr. Jose Magathaes da Silveira, a
delightful man said: should like to
(Continued on page 113)

