STAR OF THE 75
East and \Vest, we carry the banner of
love. Praise be to God, the Bahais have
a Center, not human, but divine! It is
the rook of ages and the eternal light
and inspiration. The light and power
of God make this day glorious. We feel
it! We are thrilled with it! It is the
new spirit of brotherhood. It is from
the heavenly rose-garden of God. Let
us aim to make in this garden, filled with
the anemonies of divine love, heavenly
beings, angels! Enough of animalism!
Now' we need heavenly joys! The basis
of these joys is universal and eternal in
the hearts of His friends. All who have
heard the message find it 11ecessary to
go to the Center of divine Truth. The
longing for the true One is universal.
'Go even to China to find a divine
man!' says Emerson. Men of the West
go to Acca to learn not only how to
teach but how to live. The life of
Abdul.-Baha is a book to be made a part
of one 's life. He is up before sunrise,
offering his prayers at the threshold of
the Almighty. He goes about doing
good, visiting the sick and the poor and
often interrupted in his work by calls.
During all this period he is constantly
busy, teaching and explaining the
Words of Often he re-
ceives the governor and others. Pil-
grims come in dozens. The two pil-
grim houses are filled to overflowing.
Often two sleep in the same bed. Often
the house is so crowded that there is
hardly room for a rat to run from one
chair to another. The Master is in good
health and keeping very well."
A harp solo by Miss Anna W. Law-
rence was pleasing and refreshing.
enabi Fazel Mazandarani spoke brief-
ly 'We are late but it is necessary to end
in prayers, and to beg for confirmation
and assistance to act in His path. Bahai
meetings are for the sake of God. They
have no other purpose save the investi-
gation of truth. This is the aim of all
the people of the world. You know the
existing religions are blind imitations
or inherited superstitions. Jew follows
Jew; Christian follows Christian.
Opinions are accepted without proof.
But there is one religion that has few
followers and that is the religion of in-
vestigation. If you have difficulties
come to the Ba-hai centers and they will
gladly tell you the Truth.
"This is the time of feasting among
Bahais in different parts of the world.
was exiled from Persia.
Both Persia and Turkey attempted his
destruction. They opposed his words
and were hostile to his teachings. He
resisted dissentions and called the peo-
ple to unity. From outward appearance
all was against him. But the Manifesta-
tion was supported by divine confirma-
'?1011: Prophecies are fulfilled in the
coming of and today East
and West seek the presence of the Mas-
ter."
Mirza E. Shirazi of Cairo, 3, student
of the University of Beirut, who came
from the East on the same steamer
that brought the party of Mrs. Parsons,
made a pleasing address and described
the sweet humility, universal love, kind-
ness and service which entered into a
day in which he was permitted to ob-
serve the life of Abdul-Baha.
A closing prayer ended what proved
to be an extraordinary session of the
Congress for teaching. The large gath-
ering of friends dispersed, but hearts
and minds were filled to overflowing
with the treasures of the Kingdom and
the jewels of God. The Spirit of His
Holiness in sweet com-
memoration affected friends and strang-
ers. The Convention and its attendant
meetings were as rays from the heart of
Abdul-Ba-ha. The brilliant Orb of the
Covenant shone in the work of the Con-
vention, where nearly all important de-
cisions were reached by a unanimous
vote. The teaching efforts were con-
firmed by this mighty power of love
which brightens the mind, mellows the
heart and attracts souls to the pathway
of All-Glorious Light.

