STAR OF THE WEST 317
had pulled this heavy marble casket up
the mountain. Abdul-Baha gave the last
necessary instructions and it was slowly
slid down into the under part of the
Tomb. This must have been performed
with the help of the Kingdom of El-
Abha, for though the Work presented
great difficulty and was done by inex-
perienced men, everyone Wondered at
the ease With which it was done.
The Shrine under the ground was
lighted with but one lamp. Abdul-Baha
waited until all Was well finished. He
threw off his turban; he removed his
shoes; he took off his coat--but What
followed was so impressive that it is use-
less for me to attempt to picture it! I
will simply relate what happened.
Our Beloved, with his hair waving
around his beautiful head, his face shin-
ing With light, looking inspired, tragic
and majestic, rushed down and threw
himself on his knees. He placed the
remains of The Bab in the large coffin
(in the marble-casket) and leaning his
blessed head on the border of the coffin,
he wept, wept, all wept with
him.
That night the Master did not sleep.
"The body of man, which has been formed gradually,
must similarly be decomposed gradually"
Tablet from ABDUL-BAI-IA to Sihanaz \Vaite'*
To the maid-servant of God, Shahnaz
\Vaite, San Diego, Calif0rnia.--Upon
her be the Glory of God the Most
Glorious!
He ls God!
thou who art the daughter of the
Kingdom!
Thy letter has been received. Due to
scarcity of time, I write the answer
briefly; The body of man, which has
been formed gradually, must similarly
be decomposed gradually. This is ac-
cording to the real and natural order
and Divine Law. If it had been better

 N0'1'E~This tablet is in answer to a
letter I wrote to Abdul-Baha, April 14,
1920, in regard to our having formed a
Board for the San Diego Assembly, of
which Mr. Waite is Chairman. I also
wrote of the Wonderful self-sacrifice and
loving service which Mary F"enn has for
several years rendered the Cause here,
keeping the fire burning under most dis-
couraging circumstances. I also asked
for instructions regarding cremation, of
which I knew he does not approve, but
I wished to have his own words upon the
Waite.
for it to be burned after death, in its
very creation it would have been so
planned that the body would automatic-
ally become ignited after death, be con-
sumed and turned into ashes. But the
divine order formulated by the heav-
enly ordinance is that after death this
body shall be transferred from one stage
to another different from the preceding
one, so that according to the relations
which exist in the World, it may grad-
ually combine and mix with other ele-
ments, thus going through stages until
it arrives in the vegetable kingdom,
there turning into plants and flowers,
developing into trees of the highest
paradise, becoming perfumed and at-
taining the beauty of color.
Cremation suppresses it speedily from
attainment to these transformations, the
elements becoming so quickly decom-
posed that transformation to these vari-
ous stages is checked.
Convey on my behalf my utmost love
to thy honored husband! I am suppli-
cating that he may day by day attain
to spiritual development. In regard to
the meeting which has been formed in
that city, it is my hope that that assem-
bly may become illumined and like unto

