STAR OF THE WEST 85
conform with it in spirit, for on the
shore of Lake Michigan, around the
beautiful grounds, will be erected a
series of buildings devoted to the appli-
cation of true religion to life--a hos-
pital, an orphan asylum, a hospice or
house of hospitality, a guild house and
a university, among other enterprises.
Persian-Indian Style of Architecture
As explained by CHARLES MAS.0N REMEY, who submitted a model at the Twelfth
Annual Convention of the Mashrekol-Azkar.
AS one becomes familiar with the
Bahai Teaching and its principles
and as one seeks to apply these in his
life it is the most natural thing in the
world that he should desire to express
these principles and religious ideals in
the terms and language of his own art,
craft or profession. As with countless
others such was my own experience.
Since my connection with the Bahai
Cause, during the past twenty years,
in the pursuance of my study of
architecture at home and abroad in
many parts of the world, I have
had constantly in mind the great
Bahai Mashrekol-Azkar, the first of its
kind to be erected in America, my de-
sire being that I might be able to ex-
press in terms of architecture an offer-
ing toward this great temple.
This absorbing interest has led me,
during the past twelve years to make a
series of architectural studies and pre-
liminary designs for this edifice show-
ing treatments of varying dimensions in
nine different styles of architecture.
These were ofiered to Abdul-Baha in the
hope that this work might be of some
service when the time arrived for the
formulation of a building design for the
Mashrekol-Azkar.
When the word was received from
Abdul-Baha that a choice of designs sub-
mitted for the Mashrekol-Azkar was to
be made by the delegates seated in this
Twelfth Annual Convention of Bahais
in America held in New York, April 26-
28, 1920, I felt moved to make, in addi-
tion to the drawings already mentioned,
a set of models of the one of my designs
which was done in the Persian-Indian
style in order to present to the Conven-
tion in as graphic and as concrete a
manner as possible the salient features
of this design, which, in my estimation,
so far as I now understand the matter
as viewed from points both practical and
spiritual, is, I feel, the best suited of
my preliminary studies to meet this
present problem. With the exception of
this design in the Persian-Indian style,
which is of quite modest dimensions,
each _of my other eight designs are too
large in size and of too costly construc-
tion to be considered. Moreover, with
the exception of the Arabian, Moorish
and Persian designs, the others were not
sufficiently oriental in character to sat-
isfy the requirements of the problem in
hand. Therefore between these practi-
cal and aesthetic conditions there seemed
to us to be but this one of my designs
to feature.
Since Abdul-Baha ordered the Con-
vention to choose one from among the
designs which had been oifered for the
Mashrekol-Azkar, I did not deem it ad-
visable to prepare any new designs, nor
to alter those which I had previously
made. The models and the large draw-
ings of this Persian-Indian design, which
I am oifering together with my first
drawings, are merely enlargements and
developments of the original design.
There have been no changes in the style
of the design, its treatment or dimen-
sions.
While engaged in this work my con-
cept of an architectural treatment for
the Mashrekol-Azkar underwent many
changes and modifications. In consider-
ing a style for the first design made,
the Byzantine then suggested itself to

