10O STAR OF
arises, or the opening is made by the
local House of Spirituality or Commit-
tee, visit for the purpose of teaching
in such assembly or city.
"God, the Maker of the worlds, hath created the realm
of humanity to he the Paradise of Eden (or the Garden
of Paradise) if the edifice of Peace, Reconeiliatinn,
1 Love and Faithfulness is founded on :1 solid and firm
basis. Nay, rather, He hath willed it lo become the
i mirror, reflecting the Delectable Paradise."
(A New Year greeting from Abdul--Balm to the
. London Christian Commomvcalth.)
The Third Bahai Annual Teaching
Convention For the Central States
Chicago, Illinois, May 22d and 23d 1920. 

SATURDAY, MAY 22nd. 
2:30 P. M.-901 Masonic Temple.
First Session: Opened by Mr. Mn-. Slater, 
Dr. Peeke, Central States members nf the National 
Teaching Committee. .
6 P. Hotel. 
Feast of the Declaration of the Bah.
SUNDAY, MAY 28rd. 
10 A. M.--901 Masonic Temple.
Second Session: Opened by Bahzii Juniors.
3 P. M.--Publir Meeting: Dr. Pauline Hrzrion--Peekc
and George Presiding. Corinthian Hull,
17th floor Temple
General Topic: "The Great Unrest-Th<~ T)ivine
Remedy 
1- -"The Bahai Progr-'im--Ec0n0mie, Ediicationnl,
World," Mr.
Mnunrfarf Mills or Mr. Alfred Is'. Lunt.
ll. Remarkable Teaching rm Immor-
lalit_v--HOW the Divine Cmnninmrate-s with
Man," Mr. Vail.
Music' prmidcd liy 1W'r.r. Ruth 
Mrs. ('nrl Sr'lu'fl'lrr, Mr. Albert Wmrlust and 
Sarah 
-i
Program of Convention,
8th~--The Teachers to travel entirely
under the jurisdiction of the Central
States' Teaching Committee. All com-
munications regarding this to be ad-
dressed to the Secretary of said Teach-
ing Committee.
THE WEST
9th--'l'he policy of the teacher in a
city to be determined by the House of
Spirituality or the committee of believ-
ers in established assemblies. In new
territory it is left entirely to his or her
own discretion.
10th--Each assembly will acquire its
own literature for teaching purposes.
11th--Names and addresses of new
people interested in the Cause to be sent
through the Secretary of the local as-
sembly to the Secretary of the Sectional
Teaching Committee, who will, in turn,
send them to the Secretary of the Na-
tional Teaching Committee. Whenever
possible, literature regarding the Cause
will be se11t to such addresses.
12th_Every believer to consider it
his or her duty to bring at least one
neW soul into the Cause every year.
13th--Mrs. Ida B. Slater, Plaza Ho-
tel, Chicago, was elected Secretary; Mr.
Carl Scheffier, 56 E. Congress St., Treas-
urer.
Please present this report to the as-
sembly in your city at your earliest con-
venience. It is certain that if every be-
liever and assembly in these parts enters
upon this work in the spirit of love and
harmony in which these plans were
evolved and enthusiastically carried in
the Convention, it will result in accom-
plishing what our beloved Abdul-Baha
is patiently waiting upon the American
believers to carry out.
With Bahai love and greeting,
Ida B. Slater, Secretary,
Chicago, May 24, 1920.
Plans of the National Teaching Committee
Letter sent out by the Secretary.
Washington, D. C.
May 25, 1920.
To all Bahai sisters and brothers in
America--Greetings.
Dear friends and co-workers:
The Center of the Covenant, Abdul-
Baha, instructs us in the Tablet on page
67, Unveiling of the Divine Plan, that
"one of the greatest divine Wisdoms re-
garding the appearance of the Holy
Manifestations is this: that the souls
may come to know each other . . .
and that the power of the love of God
may make all of them the Waves of one
sea, the flowers of one rose garden, and
the stars of one heaven."
Taking these Words much to heart and
pondering over their meaning, the mem-

