56 STAR OF THE WEST
The great Servant, the great Mes-
senger, the promised One eiringg to
so vivid a consciousness of od at is
consciousness begins to dominate and
sway our life, makes us know that these
fruitless strifes, these ruinous Wars shall
pass away and the Kingdom of_ Peace
shall come. He conveys his certainty to
us by contagion, he conveys his humility
to us, he conveys to us his purity, he
conveys to us his holiness, he conveys
to us his love, he becomes like the mirror
of the eternal One reflecting into our
receptive hearts the love, the light, the
holiness of God. When we turn 0111'
faces toward that eternal Sun, then
petty, selfish things are melged away ang
the lower nature is burne away, an
we say, "How little have we to give up,
a few human ambitions and comforts and
the things of this transitory earth--how
little, if we may reflect just a few rays
of this Kingdom into the hearts of the
men and the women of this nation and
the world."
In a word, God is again segldillg forth
His angels with a great soun a trum-
pet and they are calling: "Arise ye! 
ye people, arise ye from the graves of
your bodies, the graves tiff fyoursiligesi
the graves of limitation, ear, ia-
tred; arise, ye people. 
of life hath come, the Belove 0 
heart hath come, the most great' Ser-
vant of God hath come, and His IS 11119
trumpet of the resurrection ringing
through the world. He has really come
upon this planet; the Twentieth 06111113111')?
is the great resurrection day for a na-
tions, and peoples and races of the
world.
"The spirit of Christ is risen_again.
The trumpet of resurrection calliigfg {zlo-
day from Palestine is the voice is
wondrous Servant of God, Abdul-B8113,
humble, lowly, nothing in his outward
personality, just the Voice through
which the eternal God speaks. 0 ye
people, the hour of reconciliation is
here, the hour of the most great fed-
eration of nations is here, the hour when
all races are to become as one race has
dawned, the hour when religions will
become one religion, has now struck
upon the clock of the eternal world."
And with his divine voice calling, cry-
ing, pleading and triumphantly urging,
this Center of the Covenant, this Center
of light is able to raise a multitude of
people from all lands and races. Think
of us, here in America, on the other side
of the world, hearing that voice raised
in Palestine and finding in that voice
the melody of God and in that heart
the love of God! Think of the people
in India, in Burmah, in Persia, in Rus-
sia, in Egypt, in China, in apan--from
all over the world--they are rising from
the graves of their limitations and of
their bodies because the trumpet of
unity, the trumpet of universal light,
the trumpet of the Kingdom has sound-
ed from Palestine. There again, the
voice of God rings with a clear, bell-
like tone summoning all nations to climb
the mountain which is above the val-
leys of their separation, above the Vales
of exclusiveness and sectarianism, and
ascends to the bell that is ringing there
on the top of the mountain. And as
they draw near to the summit of trans-
figuration all the people, Mohammedans,
Christians, Jews, Buddhists, and all re-
ligions, look into each other's faces and
there on the mountain top of unity be-
hold they are one, as their God is one!
Now Crod's great message, which is so
clear that every one of us hears it and
feels it in his heart, is this, that those
who know the glad tidings of the light
made manifest must go forth through
this country and through the world and
proclaim the news of its manifestations.
The people are perishing for lack of
this Water of Life. They are dying of
thirst; and the fountain of the Water
of Life eternal is now flowing. Whoever
has the cup, whoever has found the
fountain and whoever dips the cup into
the fountain he becomes the cup-
bearer of unity, he becomes a servant
of the oneness of the human world.

