Z36 STAR OF THE WEST
ABDUL-BAI-IA has suffered. For, as we
have formerly remarked, 
during his residence at Acca, would not,
as a rule, converse with any save the
Bahais, unless some one especially asked
permission to visit him. His Holiness
ABDUL-BAHA, however, held intercourse
with all the men of different religions,
aims, tastes, characters, and degrees, and
each one would submit to him his indi-
vidual Wishes. Consequently, different
classes and nationalities of Moslems,
Christians, Bahais, Arabs and Turks, as
well as Persians belonging to the gov-
erning and learned 
great merchants and people of the lower
orders, visited him from early morning
until midnight. Some of them sought
his presence for the benefit of his spirit-
ual explanation; others for their per-
sonal affairs and requests. Any one in-
formed upon the manners of oriental
governments, and thoroughly acquainted
with the conditions of the inhabitants of
those countries, will realize the great
difficulties which surrounded that holy
being. He, under all circumstances,
would receive the people with a cheerful
face, and endeavor as far as possible to
grant their Wishes and assist them.
Even in the present day, His Holiness
is the resort of the people of that land,
and all refer their wishes and hopes to
him. He is a physician to every invalid,
a shelter to every exile, a refuge to every
seeker for help, and a dispeller of sor-
row to every grieved soul. As God
knows and witnesses, the author, during
the ten months he stayed as guest in his
beneficent shelter, can testify that even
those fettered in the jail and deprived
of seeing the daylight, received his bene-
fits and favors; and exiles forsaken in
the cells of oblivion were visited by him.
These excellent characteristics were in-
born in him, and no one can show forth
such virtues through imitation or pre-
tence. Even the greatest men in the
world could not manifest their like.
There is an old proverb :--"Nothing
manufactured is like unto the natural."
ABDUL-BAHA was named Mirza-Abbas
after his grandfather, but subsequent to
their arrival at Baghdad, he was called
"His Holiness, the Master." After the
declaration of the Blessed Perfection
he was given several
lofty titles by him, such as "Sir 'Ullah"
(Mystery of God), "Ghusn 'Ullah 'El-
A'zam" (Greatest Branch of God). By
these titles he was addressed verbally
and in writing by and all
the believers.
In the earlier days of 
declaration, the blessed Book of Akdas
was revealed. This is considered the
greatest Book of the Bahais, and con-
tains all the Divine Laws and Ordi-
nances. The following irrefutable com-
mands was revealed therein 
"When the sea of (My) meeting
sinks, and the book of the Origin is
achieved to- the end, turn ye your faces
to 'He who is desired by God,' the One
who is extended from this Ancient
Root." Likewise it is recorded in an-
other part of the same Book :--"When
the Nightingale soareth from the grove
of praise, and repaireth to the further-
most concealed destination, refer ye
that which you understand not in the
Book, to the Branch extended from this
Firm Boot."
Thus all the people of Baha were in-
formed of the One who would be the
"Center of the Cause of God" and their
resource, after the disappearance of the
Sun of Truth and the departure of the
Beauty of Oneness. Thus they have
hope in and rely upon this providence
shown forth by God, the Exalted, to
them. They recognize in ABDUL-BAHA,
the expounder of the Divine Book and
the solver of the intricate points of the
Heavenly Revelation; whose decision is
conclusive; through Whose explanation
every discord and divergence is re-
moved, and the, seekers are brought to
perfect realization, accord and affinity.
They thank and praise God, the Exalted,
and manifest the utmost joy and happi-
ness at his appointing the resort of
the Cause of God.
To the people of Faith, the clear ap-

