STAR OF THE WEST 329
object: not eating is not forbidden, but
eating is forbidden."
QUESTION: "When it is diflicult or
impossible to begin at sunrise is it pos-
sible to keep the Fast as much as one
can?"
ABDUL-BAHA: "No. After the sun-
rise nothing should be taken unless the
doctor says that fasting would be in-
jurious (to one's health). In that case,
one can eat at any time 0-ne wishes. But
in a room and locked the door, and did
not permit anything (food or water) to
be taken to him. Indeed, his prisoner
took nothing for nine days, not even
water. For six days he slept, then he
could not sleep any more, but he was
very weak. But now, in this Revelation,
it is for only twelve hours--very little."
QUESTION: "Should those men keep
the Fast who are employed in mines,
steel mills, etc., where it seems neces-
MONTH OF 2d to 20th inclusive, during wlticlt no
manner of food or drink is to be taken between sunrise and snnset. Fast-
ing is enjoined upon every one. Children, travelers, sick and infirm peo-
ple, pregnant women and nursing mothers are free from this obligation.
the whole time (of fasting) is only
twelve hours--this is nothing."
QUESTION: "Some of the friends
think the life is so strenuous in Amer-
ica that it is not possible t.0 work there
and keep the Fast."
ABDUL-BAHA: "In the Torah the
command for fasting is from sunset to
sunset for three days. For three days
and three nights they, the Jews, take
nothing. This is not obligatory. There
are Fasts of three days, seven days and
nine days. Mr. X. in Persia did not
believe that one could fast for nine days.
brought a Jew and imprisoned him
sary to eat often to keep up their en-
ergy?.?"
ABDUL-BAHA: "This depends upon
the advice of an expert doctor. If the
doctor says that fasting would be in-
jurious to the health of such people they
should not fast."
QUESTION: "What is the age limit
for fasting?"
ABDUL-BAHA Seventy years. 
(Notes taken in Persian by Mirza Lot-
fullah S. Hakim at the Pilgrim House,
Haifa, October 26, 1920, and translated
by Mirza Azizullah Khan Bahadur.)
Societe onahalan or Savings Institution
(It is desirable that both the English and Persian* be printed in NAJJME BAKI-ITAR (STAR
01-' TI-IE Wnsr), as every Assembly should share in this effort which must become universal and
"not short I. Moody.)
To the Editors of the STAR or THE 
You will rejoice to hear that a chil-
dren's savings institution, the first of its
kind, has been organized upon plans
laid down by the blessed Master him-
self.
The idea originated with Mirza Mo-
hammed Labib, who had gone to Kaz-
""See Persian pages 312 and 311.
vin in the interest of the Tavakol
Schools, a branch of the Tarbiat Schools.
The object was to induce the habit of
thrift among children. But, unlike
other penny savings institutions with an
to the future, this was to enlist all
from the earliest childhood in activities
for the common good.
So great was the rivalry between the
boys and girls, that within a year five

