STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture _thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
i i i (Signed) ABD-UL--BAHA 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAI-IA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of that both in the
East and the West, they may become informed with the most important events.
fdigned) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
Editorial Stafi": ALBERT R. ZIA M. Baomun
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB 
V91. 11 Baha 1, 76 (March 21,1920) Np. 1
Cablegram from Abdul-Baha
WILHELMITE, YORK HAIFA.
ASADULLAS FAZEL AND MANOUOI-IER KHAN PROOEEDED
AMERICA. EXERCISE TOWARD THEM UTMOST CONSIDERATION.
ABBAS.
i 0 i al
NAUROOZ GREETING:
Allaho 'Abha I
Ten years ago the STAR or THE was founded. During that period the
seed of its being germinated and brought forth a single stem. The Divine
Gardner has preserved and confirmed it. With this issue its second decade
begins. Now, it must be developed.
Abdul-Baha says in the Unveiling of the Divine Plan: "Great importance
must be given to the development of the STAR or THE Wnsr. The circle of its
discussions must be widened; in its columns must be published the essential
problems pertaining to the Bahai life in all its phases. Its contents must be so
universal that even the strangers may subscribe to it. Articles must be pub-
lished, dealing with the universal principles of the Cause, the Writers proving
that this Cause takes a vital interest in all the social and religious movements of
the age and is conducive to the progress of the World and its inhabitants. . . 
Abdul-Baha has thus outlined its policy. Its destiny is certain, but its ful-
fillment will, in the very nature of enduring things, be slow. He says, continuing
the above quotation: In short, the STAR or THE VVEST must promote the aspira-
tions and the ideals that will gather little by little around these general Tablets,
bringing into the light of day all the historical, religious and racial knowledge
which will be of the utmost value to the Bahai teachers all over the world."
For many years to come, storms of thought, blights of misunderstanding,
difficulties of production and distribution, and other problems may hinder its

