STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou Sun or rm: Wnsr!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide-and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
if i i 7 7 (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE WEST, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of that both in the
East and the West, they may become informed with the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Arms.
STAR OF THE WEST FOUNDATION
Northeastern States: I-Ioornn HARRIS. Western States: HELEN S. GOODALL.
Southern States: Dominion of Canada: MAY MAXWELL.
Central States: ALBERT VAIL, CARL 
Editorial tafi ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Vol. 11 Sultan 1, 76 (January 19, 1921) No 17
Second Tablet from Abdul-Baha addressed to the
Committee of Universal Peace at The Hague
(See page 123 for First Tablet)
To the Honorable Executive Committee of Universal Peace.
He Is God!
ye honorable Members!
Your kind answer to my letter, dated 12th of June, 1920, has arrived and
greatly pleased me. Praise be unto God, that it was indicative of the fact
that your motive and purpose is identical with that of ours. Its contents also
consisted of spiritual susceptibilities which are expressive of sincere love.
We, Bahais, feel great affection towards that honorable Assembly. There-
fore have We sent two honored persons to that highly esteemed Assembly as a
sign of strong relationship.
Today the most important problem in the afiairs oi the world of humanity
is that of the Universal Peace, which is the greatest means contributing to the
very life and happiness of mankind. Without this most luminous reality it
is impossible for humanity to attain to actual comfort and proficiency. Nay
rather, shall it have, day by day, some additional misfortune and tragedy.
This last terrible War has clearly proved that the modern War imple-
ments are beyond the endurance of the World of humanity. The future can-
not, however, be compared with the past, because the arms and war imple-
ments of the past were very simple, While the modern armaments can, in a
short time, exterminate the Whole of the human World, and so they are beyond
the endurance of mankind.

