STAR OF THE WEST 227
or an assembly, which has been recog-
nized by Abdul-Baha, I would suggest
that any Bahai offerings coming to these
parts be sent to the Bahml-Btmd, o'ldFer-
Lt"nst1"asse 35, Stuttgart, Wurttemberg,
the request that these
gifts be distributed among the friends
throughout Germany where they are
most needed.
With the arrival of any foodstuffs in
response to this letter, I Will suggest to
the friends of the "Bahai-Bund" that
a committee be formed to distribute
these offerings.
The work of teaching in Germany
will be helped by food sent to the friends
here, for these Bahais are serving those
whom they teach and will make it pos-
sible for them to give offerings of food
along with 'the teaching which will be
productive of good results. The value
of such services will be all the more en-
hanced when it is known that these of-
feringscome from the Bahais _in,Amer-
ica.
The Society of Friends (Quakers) in
America have established food distrib-
uting centers in a number of cities in
Germany, and this good work has helped
to better the international feeling of
friendship among the people in this
country. Let us Bahais also do mate-
rially in proportion with our means, to
help our friends here, and thereby fur-
ther the spread of the message of The
Kingdom. . . .
The town of Esslingen, where I am
now staying, is near Stuttgart. It is
an old city nestled in the valley of the
Neckar, between hills covered with or-
chards and vineyards still retaining its
medieval ramparts With fortified towers,
and narrow winding streets, with pic-
turesque half timbered gabled houses,
the upper stories of which project over
the sidewalks and are supported by
quaintly carved corbels. In rambling
about the town it is easy to imagine ones-
self back in the middle ages, but when
one enters into the homes of the Bahais
in Esslingen, one finds there the life and
the spirit of the Abha Kingdom to such
a degree, that the contrast between the
new and the quickening life of
this new age, and the old civilization of
the past--is very forcibly borne in on
one 's consciousness.
Here in Esslingen We have a very
flourishing and active Bahai Assembly.
The meetings are very joyful and their
spirit is most soul refreshing. Last
Sunday these friends spread a Feast.
One hundred and fifty persons sat at
one table, built in the form of a hol-
low square, which filled a large banquet
hall. We sat at a table for over three
hours and a half constantly refreshed
by the varied spiritual program. This
consisted of the reading of prayers and
Tablets and addresses by the friends.
Music was rendered during the serving
of refreshments and later a poem writ-
ten for the occasion was read by its au-
thor, a young man, which was followed
by a short Bahai play presented by four
attractive young girls. To me the most
beautiful feature of this entertainment
was that it was given at no little sacri-
fice, for our people here in Esslingen
are all in modest circumstances. Though
the refreshments served were simple (in
America they would have been consid-
ered very simple indeed) yet the out-
lay represented a great deal in this coun-
try. Although our friends here have not
enough food for themselves, yet a good
portion of What they have they offer to
others in the name of The Center of the
Abha Covenant!
The Bahais here are much interested
in knowing of the progress of the Mash-
rehok-Azkar. So many have asked me
about this Work that I plan to spread
a Mashrekol-Azkar Feast here i11 Ess-
lingen the middle of August, at Wl1icl1
the program of thought will revolve
about the ideals of the Mashrekol-Azkar.
Faithfully yours in His Service,
Chas. Mason Remey.
October 9, 1920.

