STAR OF THE WEST 67
geois, twenty minutes was allowed that
each might explain his plans, etc. As
each of these Bahai architects spoke, a
world of love and sympathy, as well as
admiration, seemed to flow to him from
every heart. Can one imagine a loftier
conception in the mind of an architect
than that of the Mashrekol-Azkar, the
Temple of the Living God!
When the balloting began the result
was awaited with eager interest. The
announcement was a clear majority for
FOURTH SESSION BAHAI CONGRESS
8:15 o'clock P. M., Wednesday, April 28th
i The tool of all knowledge is the Knowledge of God: Glory be to
Him] And this Knowledge in impossible lave through Hi: Manifestation.

Chairmen:
]ur.n:r Tnoursou, New York
Hownn C. M/icNur'r, Brooklyn
Hmu Pxnuns
ANNA W. LAWIENCE
"The of 
ource mty
Zonnm New York
Smw--"Carc Selve"    Handel
Ommn DIARIN
"Leaves of the Greater Bible'
The Rev. D11. Wn.1.I.\ar Nonxn Gurmur
Thou Billowy Harvest Field"   
Oum DIARJN
"Abdul Baha, the Center of the Covenant"
AHMAD Soxuun, Persia
H/uzr 501.0
i Arm 

3r st. mun. Piece. New Yer! 3
A  
Page 8--Convention and Congress program.
the Bourgeois model. Then it was that
Mr. Remey, the only other architect at
this time present, arose to the sublime
height of self-elfacement. He expressed
the opinion that it would please Abdul-
Baha-to have the vote unanimous and so
moved. Upon this motion the Bourgeois
model was unanimously adopted.
Mr. Albert R. Vail, amid impressive si-
lence, read the healing prayer for Miss
Fanny Knobloch, who was reported dan-
gerously ill. At a later session of the
Convention she was reported better.
SECOND SESSION OF THE BAHAI
CONGRESS.
The second session of the Congress
was held Monday evening, Mrs. May
Maxwell and Mr. Mountfort Mills pre-
siding. The latter said: "One of the
most important of the Bahai teachings
concerns economics. says:
'Justice is loved above all. Neglect it
not if thou desirest me. By it thou will
be strengthened to see things with thine
own eyes and not by the eyes of men; to
know them by thine own knowledge and
not by the knowledge of any in the
world. Meditate on this, how thou
oughtest to be. Justice is of my bounty
to thee and of my providence over thee.
Therefore keep it ever before thy sight.'
"The Bahai Movement is the opera-
tion of a great spiritual law. Periodi-
cally there is a revivification. There is a
bursting into life in springtime, a ma-
turity in summer, harvest in fall and
death in winter. Renewal follows dark-
ness. After growth there is recession.
Today there is rebirth, rejuvenation.
Human nature is to be subjected to the
law of God, and exalted above the plane
of the animal. Abdul-Baha reveals to
us the method of partaking of the di-
vine bounty and of being able to solve
the diflicult problems of humanity. The
object of the Bahai Revelation is the
quickening of our understanding. The
Bahais express their own progressiveness
and Welcome his in welcoming Dr. Percy
Stickney Grant, who is one with us in
our new ideals of hope and spirit."
Dr. Grant, Pastor of the Church of the
Ascension, the first church to receive
Abdul-Baha during his visit to Amer-
ica, said: particularly appreciate
this invitation. I have been associated
with members of your group who honor
their friends and the community. I wel-
comed the visit of Abdul-Baha. I do
not live in the past, which is dead. It
is unfortunate that religion is so im-
mobile. Like real estate, it is slow to
undergo a change of value. There is a
supposed antagonism between religion

