STAR OF THE WEST 35
Ye have observed that while in America many souls in the utmost of sup-
plication and entreaty desired to offer some gifts, but this servant, in accord
with the exhortations and behests of the Blessed Perfection, never accepted a
thing, although on certain occasions we were in most straitened circumstances.
But on the other hand, if a soul, for the sake of God, voluntarily and out of his
pure desire, Wishes to offer a contribution (toward the expenses of a teacher)
in order to make the contributor happy, the teacher may accept a small sum,
but must live with the utmost contentment.
The aim is this: The intention of the teacher must be pure, his heart inde-
pendent, his spirit attracted, his thought at peace, his resolution firm, his mag-
nanimity exalted and in the love of God a shining torch. Should he become as
such, his sanctified breath will even affect the rock; otherwise there will be no
result whatsoever. As long as a soul is not perfected, how. can he efface the defects
of others? Unless he is detached from aught else save God, how can he teach
severance to others!
In short, ye believers of God! Endeavor ye so that ye may take hold
of every means in the promulgation of the religion of God and the diffusioii of
the fragrances of God.
Amongst other things is the holding of the meetings for teaching--so that
blessed souls and the old ones from amongst the believers may gather together
the youths of the love of God in schools 0-f instruction and teach them all the
divine proofs and irrefragable arguments, explain and elucidate the history of
the Cause, and interpret also the propheciesand proofs which are recorded and
are extant in the divine books and epistles regarding the Manifestation of the
promised One, so that the young -ones may grow in perfect knowledge in all
these degrees.
Likewise, whenever it is possible a committee must be organized for the
translation of the Tablets. Wise souls who have mastered and studied perfectly
the Persian, Arabic and foreign languages, or know one of the foreign languages
commence translating Tablets and books containing the proofs of this
Revelation, and publishing those books, circulate them throughout the five conti-
nents of the globe.
Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE Wnsr, must be edited in the
utmost regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of God
--so that both in the East and Vllest, they may become informed of the most
important events.
In short, in all the meetings, whether public or private, nothing should be
discussed save that which is under consideration, and all the articles be centered
around the Cause of God. Promiscuous talks must not be dragged in and con-
tention is absolutely forbidden.
The teachers traveling in different directions must know the language of
the country in which they will enter. For example, a person being proficient in
the Japanese language may travel to Japan, or a person knowing the Chinese
language may hasten to China, and so forth.

