STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. ll Eizzat l, 76 (September 8, 1920) No. 10
The House of Spirituality in Persia
Talk by ENABI FAZE-L given at the Twelfth Annual Mashrekol-
Azkar Convention, New York City, April 29, 1920. Interpreted by
Manucher Khan. Stenographically reported by
I-Iarris Stacy, N. Y.
WE thank God, friends, for the
bounties which He has bestowed
upon us. For What He has done for us
let us express our thanks. We have
come at a befitting time, when the Ba-
hais are Working in the beautiful time
and day of the RizWan.*
Praise be to God, you have undertaken
great services, one of the most impor-
tant of which is the raising of the fund
for the Mashrekol-Azkar. 'We have been
reading about the Mashrekol-Azkar and
this news has been heralded throughout
the World, the Bahais everywhere pray-
ing earnestly and watching its progress.
Praise be to God, that sufficient funds
have already been collected to start the
Work of building.
Having heard Abdul-Baha speak of
the Mashrekol-Azkar and having read
his Writings, We know how he feels about
the matter. The Bahais throughout the
World have not only heard about the
other Mashrekol-Azkars, but also about
the one that is to be built in America.
Many Tablets have been Written about
'l'The Feast of Rizvvan (Paradise)
commemorates the Declaration of Barn.'-
(VLLAH in the Garden of El-Rizwan in
Bagdad, April 21st, 1863. The season
of feasting lasts twelve days--April 21st
to May 2d, inclusive. April 21st, April
28th and May 2d, are especially cele-
brated.--EcZit0rs.
the Mashrekol-Azkar in In
the Book of it is commanded that
Mashrekol-Azkars be built. There should
be a. Mashrekol-Azkar in every city. It
is Abdul-Baha's wish that the 1vIashre-
kol-Azkar be as grand as it is possible
to make it, for the more beautiful it is,
the more attention it Will attract, and by
this, the outward manifestation of the
spiritual temple, will many be drawn to
the Revelation of 
Praise be to God, that you are going
to build a grand Mashrekol-Azkar.
There is no doubt that it Will require a
large sum of money to erect such a
structure, but the sincerity of the. Ba-
hais will remove all difficulties, and when
the effort is made every obstacle Will be
overcome.
During the past year a number of
Mashrekol-Azkars have been built in
Persia. There is one in Hamadan, Per-
sia. First, a large tract of ground was
acquired and a building vvas erected
thereon. They are adding to the build-
ing from time to time, so as to make it
grand and impressive. Other buildings
have been placed around it, such as a
school for boys and a school for girls,
a Bahai library and a guest house for
the Bahais. The Bahais of Eamadan
thought. it impossible to erect such a
building because of the great expense,
but after they had started it, everything
worked out right.

