STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal-, ere
long thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though ior the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE Wasr, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promul gator of the Cause of that both in the
East and the West they may become informed of the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAs.
STAR OF THE WEST FOUNDATION
Northeastern States: Hooran HARRIS. Western States: HELEN S. GOODALL.
Southern States: Dominion of Canada: MAY MAXWELL.
Central States: ALBERT VAIL, CARL 
Editorial Stafi: ALBERT R. Zn. M. Bmnanr
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD S01-IRAB
Vol. 11 Kovvl 1, 7?L(November 23,1920) No. 14
"This, like unto a magnetic power, will attract
Abdul-Baha to America"
TABLET TO MR. AND MRS. HOWARD MAC NUTT
To their honors Mr. and 1\/lrs. Howard MacNutt, Brooklyn, N. Y.--Upo11 them
be E1-Abha!
He Is God!
ye two blessed souls!
Your letter was received. Praise be to God! ye are glad, ye are full of joy
and fragrance, and are safe and protected under the shelter of the Merciful One.
Today those who are firm in the Covenant are soaring by the Bounties of the
Holy Spirit in lofty regions, While the wavering ones are depressed, dejected
and afflicted with a thousand pains and calamities. This is because the co11fir-
mations of the Abha Kingdom have been cut off from them. They have been
deprived of the Light of the Sun of Truth and have had no share from the
breezes of the Holy Spirit. They resemble those souls who arose to agitate the
minds of men after the time of Christ. Each one, by every subtle means,
gathered around himself a group of souls, but all Were eventually led to face
disappointment, loss and failure. This Was because the result of their prin-
ciples Was like unto a tree destitute of roots, or like the ocean foam. A rootless
tree, no matter how tall and hardy it may seem, will ultimately Wither away,
and the ocean foam, however formidable it may appear, shall at last vanish
and disappear.
Arius, the patriarch at Constantinople, gathered around himself a million
and a half followers. He even secured the adherence of the Emperor, but as

