3ZZ STAR OF THE WEST
kindly miners, always refreshed and re-
joiced his heart.
At the age of twenty-one Mr. Green-
leaf was admitted to the Illinois Bar,
the youngest graduate in a class of
forty, and at that time he was elected
as enrolling and engrossing 'clerk of
the senate at Springfield, Ill. He was
with the Illinois Trust and Savings
Bank, in Chicago, for twenty-two years.
August 8th, 1882, he married E. Eliz-
azeth Rohrer of Evanston, Illinois.
Soon after the World's Columbian
Exposition in Chicago he became inter-
ested in the universal teachings of
and was a member of the
first House of Spirituality, continuing
in this service throughout his life. His
love for Abdul-Baha, the Center of
God's Covenant, was his greatest char-
acteristic.
He is survived by his wife and two
sons, Albert E. and Charles L., and
three sisters, Mrs.  Comstock -of
Chicago, Mrs. E. WV. Dakin and Miss
Lily Greenleaf of Oak Park, Ill.
ALBERT H. HALL
In the spring of 1920, one of the W6ll~
known and active servants of the Bahai
Cause in America, Albert H. Hall, of
Minneapolis, Passed from the plane of
the seen to the unseen.
He will ever be remembered for his
services in the early development of the
Bahai Temple Unity, the body entrusted
with the building of the Mashrekol-
Azkar in America.
From 1910 to 1914, Albert. H. Hall
was selected each year as chairman of
the Annual Convention; he was elected
a member of the Unity during the same
period, and was chosen as its president
in 1911, which position he held up to
and during the year 1914.
At the Convention of 1910, when Mr.
Hall was unanimously chosen Chairman,
he said: "God chooses the weak things
to confound the mighty. You have made
the choice of a weak instrument. I feel
very weak and lowly, as nothing, and I
would 11ot bear the responsibility of this
place were I not possessed with the sense
of my own emptiness, seeking only the
inpouring of His Spirit, strength and
wisdom. This Convention but now called
to order, has been in conscious, silent
session for several hours. There is no
need of any introduction. The opening
of this Convention was sung in the heart
of every one of you who turned his face
to the East this morning, and if you
did not then catch the message of love
and unity in all its fulness, it has
beautifully sounded in your ears as the
inspiring Tablet has been read [refers
to Tablet regarding Mashrekol-Azkar
received in March, 1910]. There is no
other word to be utteredaddress ourselves directly to the
work in hand. \Ve are here represent-
ing the Bahai Assemblies throughout
America and Canada, to bring home the
substantial offerings of our sacrifice, to
encourage each other with the report of
our to boast or overstate it.
\Ve must face His Truth just delude ourselves. They
are the worst deluded in the World who
are self-deluded. We are not afraid nor
ashamed of the situation, but of our-
selves--that is all. Let us seek knowledge
with the light of Truth and the Truth
shall make us free." (From BAHAI
Nnws, Vol. 1, No. 4).
Enfeebled by ill health, nevertheless,
he determined to make the journey from
Minneapolis to New York City to attend
the Annual Convention i11 1920, although
his physician warned him it might hasten
the hour of death. He paid the price,
and everyone present at the Feast of El-
Rizwan will remember the ring of his
voice, though feeble, when he cried out
to the assembled delegates and friends:
"Arise, shine, for thy light has come
and the glory of God has risen upon
thee!"
On the journey home, he met an old
acquaintance on the train, Mr. Ole Han-

