STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of afiection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 11 Jamal 1, 76 (April 28, 1920) N0. 3
"The Doors of the Kingdom are Open"
Address by WILLIAM H. RANDALL, of Boston, delivered at the Ninth Session of
the Bahai Congress, held in Hotel McAlpin, New York City, Wednes-
day evening, April 30th, 1919. Stenographically reported.
ABDUL-BAHA once said, "Never
talk about God to a man with an
empty stomach. Feed him first." Sure-
ly in the past three days he has fed us,
and in this hour that draws this wonder-
ful and marvelous Convention and Con-
gress to a close, it certainly seems befit-
ting that we should turn our hearts to
the Kingdom of the Covenant, and with
the deepest reverence for this great op-
portunity and great service that is be-
fore us in giving his methods to the
whole World of humanity.
For nineteen centuries the Kingdom
of Heaven has been largely considered
by man merely a parable, but this seed
of the Kingdom, unobserved by man-
kind, has been growing and growing
through the centuries until in this day
it has become a tree of fruitage, and
through these wonderful Tablets of Ab-
dul-Baha the fruit of this Kingdom is
offered to you now in the heavenly ban-
quet that he has served during these four
days, and its life, its sustenance, its
strength are eternal. This is the hour
of faith, the day of miracles, the cen-
tury of light, and in this wonderful
epoch two worlds have met and embraced
in the heart of Abdul-Baha, the world
of God and the world of hum.anity; and
how glorious, how wonderful that he
should come to us in the station of serv-
itude and call to the whole world,
"Come, ye people, unto the Kingdom
of God, for today the doors are open,
and the station of servitude is the high-
way thereto."
Someone asked Abdul-Baha once why
the rivers and the streams all flowed
into the ocean, and he replied, "Attrac-
tion, because the ocean places itself
lower than all else ir the world." This
is the supreme quality of the station of
servitude, and I think if we lift our eyes
to the portals we shall find written above
in letters of light, "radiant acquies-
cence." Who can fail to make every ef-
fort to reach this doorway, which is the
pathway unto the Kingdom of Glory?
Kingdom naturally implies organiza-
tion. How is it that there can be organ-
ization in a kingdom that we call the
kingdom of the Spirit? In the world of
affairs, organization in itself is power,
yet inharmony flows from it; but in the
world of the Kingdom, where love is the
law of organization, unity radiates from
its power. In the world of hearts, the
heart is an organ, but when the breath
wings its flight with love, the organic
heart turns its way back to the mineral
kingdom. The heart that seeks only the
center of self has never left the kingdom
of nature, but the heart that is enkindled
with the love of humanity is already on
its way to the worlds of God.
This Kingdom that draws us, and ir-
resistibly draws us on through the ages,
what is its power'? With man, power is
effort; but with God power is attraction.
It holds atoms and worlds in one em-
brace and impels them through the great
universe of search, search for the center
of that attraction. It draws forth from
the common soil and clothes with the

