and some of the men were drawing in
the ropes. But tl1e nets were still far
out in tl1e sea. The net of another group
could be seen, being brought nearer and
nearer to the shore; and still another
group had landed their catch and were
on the eve of departure. 'When We
reached the second group, the Master
asked lsfandyar to stop the horses so
that he might watch the proceedings.
The net was at last drawn out upon the
beach, and o11e's hea.rt was touched to
see the great mass of palpitating, quiver-
ing little fishes.- There were actually
thousands of them. As I looked I was
reminded of the days of Christ and his
fishermen disciples. I spoke of the sim-
ilarity of the scene to the Master. My
few simple Words suggested the subject,
and he delivered a most remarkable talk
as the carriage rolled over the hard,
white sand. He said:
"His holiness, Christ, because of the
vocation of his disciples, gave them the
title of 'fishers of men'; but the Blessed
Perfection designated the Bahais as the
'vivifiers of the World.'
"Today this World is like a rolling,
tumultuous sea. The Bahais are prac-
tised sailors and trained fishermen Wl10,
with the net of the Love of God and the
strength of the 'VVord of God, deliver
the poor fish from the Whirlpool of de-
struetion and bring them to the haven
of safety and salvation. Although the
fish of the sea, when once drawn out of
the Water, die, yet the fish of humanity,
when they rise out of the sea of dark-
ness, passion and lust, are immediately
transformed into sweet-singing nightin-
gales soaring in the atmosphere of holi-
ness. They break 'forth into charming
melodies a11d give joy to many hearts.
The fish of the sea of nature are blind,
deaf and mute; but when they enter
the ocean of God they become seeing,
hearing and eloquent. The Bahais are
displaying great elfort and they mani-
fest far-reaching inagnanimity. The
confirmation of the Blessed Beauty is
their net; unity and concord is their
bait; attraction and enkindlement is
their trap, service and self-sacrifice is
their support. They cast their net into
the great, turbulent sea and day by day
they deliver new fishes. What delight-
ful service is this to the world of hu-
manity! What fruitful exertion is this
in the universe of God! "That noble
striving is this i11 the path of the King-
dom! 'What heavenly privilege is this
in the promulgation of truth! \Vl1at
divine splendor in the illumination of
the souls of mankind! The apostles of
his holiness Christ Were very religious,
very faithful, very spiritual and severed
from all else save God. They were in-
spired by the breath of the Holy Spirit,
and labored With heart and soul for the
diffusion of the lights of the Kingdom
of the Father. They strove for the
progress of their souls, to be character-
ized with the qualities of loyalty and
faithfulness and with whole-hearted sin-
cerity. They fished by day and by night.
They took no rest nor did they seek
after any comfort. The Bahais must
Walk in their footsteps, imbue them-
selves With their endurance and learn
theirpatie11c.e and long-suifering. Let
them 11ot lose their courage in the face
of difficulties. Let them be the fisher-
men of the sea of spirituality. Let
them sail on the ocean of the World of
humanity in the swift.-moving vessels of
assurance and certainty. Let them save
the half-famished fish from the sea of
doubt and hesitation and instruct them
in the teachings and principles of God."

