lous transformation occurred in his life.
It was more than miraculous. We have
no word for it in the dictionary. Where-
as formerly he Was ferocious, he became
meek. He was a wolf; now he became
more gentle than a lamb. He was a
Satan; he b-ecame a radiant angel. He
walked among the people as a standing
miracle. They looked at him, rubbed
their eyes, and could not believe. Mys-
tery of mysteries! Wonder of wonders!
What divine alchemy had changed the
base metal of this man into pure gold!
"B-y and by they came around and
asked the reason--no1; from him, but
from others. He did not have to open
his mouth to teach the Cause. This sin-
gular and instantaneous transformation
of his character Was the greatest act of
teaching. Then all of a sudden it dawned
upon the minds of many citizens of the
town what a truly marvelous miracle
had transpired in their midst. They be-
came Bahais, and today are the most
wonderful body of true, noble Bahais
in all Russia. . . . Let the agnostics
and materialists Who deny the religion
of God and negate the good it has ren-
dered study the of this
case!"
Speaking of such spiritual rebirth,
Abdul Baha once said: "Ordinarily a
moral teacher strives day and night un-
til a person abandons one of his many
evil attributes. But as soon as the guid-
ance of God and the faith of God dawn
from the horizon of a heart that person
is a changed man. All his evil charac-
teristics are transformed into praise-
worthy attributes. Whereas formerly he
was a coward, he becomes courageous.
Whereas before he was debased., he be-
comes sanctified and holy. Even in his
intelligence, his knowledge, his sagacity
and his mentality he is a different man."
SIGNS OF THE TIMES
As the wireless telephones radiate
their messages around the globe in a
new miracle of world-communication
114
there comes the call for an international
code, a universal language. The physi-
cal means of world brotherhood are
a dy, -- steamships, railroads, air
planes, wireless, prepared
for men to come from the east, west,
north, south and sit down in the king-
dom of God. Now we need a universal
auxiliary language so that they can un-
derstand each other, universal educa-
tion so that they can know each other,
universal religion so that they can love
each other.
A friend of Rabindranath Tagore is
traveling through America presenting
the literary jewels of India and the
east as a means to the unity of the
Orient and Occident. He tells this
story:
Once in the jungle of India a man
saw a strange object moving through
the dark. He thought it Was a ghost.
It came nearer; he thought it was a
tiger. It came nearer; he thought it
was a robber. It came still nearer and
behold, it was his brother! So are we
recognizing brothers in all countries.
We shall see them best in the light of
the Sun of Reality which is now dawn-
ing, a glorious sunrise of divine recogni-
tion, spiritual vision, universal con-
sciousness.
A vital question is being debated with-
in the churches especially among those
of the Northern Baptists, the largest of
the Protestant Christian sects in the
Unite States. The conservatives,
called Fundamentalists, insist on a re-
turn to the Bible as the great funda-
mental, but they interpret the Bible
literally. Their central contention is
that the great war, the present world
disorder and disillusionment following
in its wake make manifest how impos-
sible it is for weak human power to save
a falling world. Only the return of
Christ, the rending of the heavens, the
new earth of his millennial kingdom can
save mankind. Prophesy has been ful-

