8 STAR OF THE WEST
and foremost among them is the need for to me as our most
vital duties should we dedicate our lives for his service. Should we, in this
spirit, arise to serve him, what surer and greater promise have We than the one
his glorious father, BAHA gives us in his Most Holy Book: "Verily,
we behold you from our realm of eifulgent glory, and shall graciously aid
whomsoever ariseth for the triumph of our Cause, with the hosts of the Celestial
Concourse and a company of our chosen angels."
How dearly the holy Leaves cherish that memory of the departed Master
as he commented upon the fresh tidings that poured in from that continent,
admiring the untiring activity of the friends, the complete subordination of
their material interests to those of the Cause, the remarkable spread of the
Movement in their midst and their staunch firmness in the Covenant of BAHA

It is these encouraging reflections of the Master about his loved ones in
America and the tests intellectual rather than physical which he said he would
send to them to purify them and make ever brighter than bef0re--it is these
comments and promises of his that make of the Movement in that land such a
potential force in the world today. The beloved Mlaster's cable to the friends
in that region is a clear indication of the presence of those counteracting forces
that may usher in those storms of tests that the Master himself has said will
ultimately be for the good of the Cause in that land.
And finally, the ladies of the sacred household and we, the re-st of his
kindred and family, will pray at his hallowed shrine for every one of you,
and he will surely watch over and enhance, in the course of time, that noble
part of his heritage that he has bequeathed to his friends in the far 
friends from Whom in return he expects so much and whom he has loved and
still doth love so dearly.
Your sincere co-worker in his Cause,
(Signed) Srioeni.
(Mailed from Haifa, Palestine, January 21, 1922. Received at 104 \Vall
S-treet, New York City, February 17, 1922.)
The Days of Divine Springtime
A talk by Abdul-Bah-ct at the Slwine of the Bob, Motmt Carmel, at feast gwen
by Ago eaollah of Ishlactbad, ov. 28, 1920.
A TABLET was chanted, then the
Master said: Springtime is the
time of buds. and blossoms and flowers,
but the season of fruits is after the
springtime. The days of the Manifesta-
tions of God are like the season of the
spring.
"In the time of the Manifestation
Moses, the buds and flowers which ap-
peared were turned into fruits some time
after Moses' departure. Similarly in the
days of His Holiness Christ, his Words
and utterances produced fruit after-
wards. At the time of His Holiness the
Prophet, (Mohammed) he planted the
tree of Toob-a With his own hand, bu.t
that tree also produced fruits afterward.
"Now we hope that the fruits of man's
existence will appear in these days (or
seasons). In the Koram, it says: 'Before
long God will bring forth people whom
He loves and who love Him.' When they
said to His Holiness Christ: 'Your fol-
lowers do not behave according to dis-

