IN ANAT OLIA 237
eth. The peoples of the earth dwell
therein and spend a number of days use-
lessly, ultimately descending beneath the
dust, repairing to the home of eternal
silence leaving behind them no achieve-
ment, no blessing, no result, no fruit.
All the days of their life are thus
brought to naught: Whereas the children
of the Kingdom sow seeds in the fertile
soil of Truth that will eventually spring
up and bring forth many a harvest and
shall forever bestow upon mankind its
increase and bountiful grace. They shall
obtain eternal life, attain unto the im-
perishable bounty and shine even as
radiant stars in the firmament of the
Divine Kingdom. The Glory of Glories
rest upon you."
rear
IN ANATOLIA
By Helen Talboy
Dr. and Mrs. James H. Talboy kindled by the spirit of service journeyed
to the Near East to help in the relief of a suffering population. Mrs. Talboy,
a journalist, lawyer, social worker and lover of mankind, gives in the follow-
ing narration her impression of the people of Asia Minor. It will help every-
one who in the spirit of the independent investigation of reality seeks to
dispel the clouds of prejudice and discover how -we "are all the leaves of one
tree and drops of one sea."
A I write I am seated in a Pullman
en route from New York City to
Chicago and I shall make the journey in
less than a day. Presently I shall go
in to a perfectly served, appetizing
dinner and when I am tired to-night I
will have the porter make up a comfort-
able, if narrow, bed and in the morning
I will be at my destination. Meanwhile
the porter has adjusted a small table
before me and with my "vest-pocket
typewriter" I am as well-equipped for
writing as I would be in my own home.
A year ago I made a journey of four
hundred than one-half the
length of this present 
Anatolia, going from Samsoun on the
Black Sea to Kaisereyeh at the foot of
lofty Mt. Argaeus. I made that journey
also in the best conveyance obtainable--
a yarleh or carriage with springs. Two
sturdy mountain horses took us over the
rough mountain roads at the rate of
thirty to thirty-five miles a day and we
were thirteen days upon the journey.
We stopped at night at the native hahns
or hotels and we carried, of necessity,
our beds and bedding, our food and
dishes. Roused very early each morn-
ing, while the men folded and packed
the cots and bedding and stowed them

