STAR OF THE WEST 17
"Now, in this world of being, the hand of Divine power
hath firmly laid the foundation of this all-highest
bounty and this Wondrous gift"
The First Letter from Shoghvl Eyfeadt to the Bahats of America
Dearly beloved brethren and sisters in Abdul-Baha:
At this early hour when the morning light is just breaking upon the Holy
Land, Whilst the gloom of the dear Master's bereavement is still hanging thick
upon the hearts, I feel as if my soul turns in yearning love and full of hope to
that great company of his loved ones across the seas, who now share with us
all the agonies of his separation.
It is idle for me to emphasize how much the sorro-wful ladies of the holy
household look forward to the work that lies before the friends on the American
continent, who, in the past, have rendered so glorious a service to his Cause
and will now, faithful to his special love fo-r them, carry on their mission still
more gloriously than ever before. True, the shock has been too terrible and
sudden for us all to recover from in so short a time, but whenever we recall
his sayings and read his writings, hope springs in our hearts and gives us the
peace that no other material comfort can give.
How well I remember when, mo-re than two Years ago, the beloved Master
turning to a distinguished visitor of his, who was seated by him in his garden,
suddenly broke the silence and said: "My work is now done upon this plane.
It is time for me to pass on to the other world."
Did he not on more than one occasion state clearly and emphatically:
"Were ye to know what will come to pass after me, surely would ye pray that
my end be hastened!"
In a Tablet sent to Persia, when the storm raised years ago by the Gom-
mittee of Investigation was fiercely raging around him, when the days of his
incarceration were at their blackest, he revealed the following:
"Now in this world of being, the hand of Divine Power hath firmly laid
the foundations of this all-highest bounty and this wondrous gift. Gradually
whatsoever is latent in the innermost of this holy cycle shall appear and be made
manifest, for now is but the beginning of its growth and the day-spring of the
revelation of its signs. Ere the close of this century and of this age, it shall
be made clear and manifest how wondrous was that springtide and how heavenly
was that gift!"
With such assuring utterances and the unmistakable evidences of his
sure and clear knowledge that his end was nigh, is there any reason why the
followers of his Faith, the world over, should be perturbed? Are not the
prayers he revealed fo-r us sufficient source of inspiration to every worker in
his Cause? Have not his instructions paved before us the broad and straight
path of teaching'? Will not his now doubly effective power of grace sustain us,
strengthen us and confirm us in our work for him'? Ours is the duty to strive,
by day and night, to fulfill our 0-wn obligations and then trust in his guidance
and never failing grace.
Unity amongst the friends, selfiessness in our labors in his path, detach-
ment from all things, the greatest prudence and caution in every step
we take, earnest endeavor to carry out only what is his holy will and pleasure,
the constant awareness of his presence and of the example of his life, the
absolute shunning o-f whomsoever we feel to be an enemy o-f the Cause; these-

