284 STAR OF THE WEST
Master said, "Never mind; do not trouble
about it." Not long after that one of
the friends had built for the Master a
little room on top of the stable, at the
house. Then the said
to Abbas Gholi, "Could you not build
a house like that on the rooff", and he
said "Oh, yes." The Master said, "But
I thought that you told me you could
not build a room on top of your house 
So Abbas Gholi said, "But a small room
like that would have thin walls, and that
could easily be built." The Master smiled
and said, "Very good and so the room
was built.
Abbas Gholi has a most radiant smile!
As he talked of the Master he smiled all
the time! He made me feel the joy of
the Master, even when he was speaking
Persian, and I did not know what he
said. He spoke quite slowly, and I could
occasionally understand a word that gave
me the trend of his thought. He said
that the Master said that he had seen
many wonderful views in his travels in
Europe and America, but that none of
them were as beautiful as the view from
his little room on top of Abbas Gholi's
housel
THE EYE OF REALITY
By Corinne True
One of the beautiful lessons given by
Abdul Baha when we were about to leave
his prison home in Acca, Syria, 1907,
after six heavenly days spent in that
sacred spot--from the outside a Prison,
but inside a leave the home
of Abdul Baha and go back to the world
and its people seemed very, very dith-
cult, once having partaken of its heaven-
ly atmosphere and qualfed from the wine
of true brotherhood. Abdul Baha saw
from the tears which simply would flow
in rivulets from our eyes that the task
was hard for us, so he told us that when
we went back to the World "we must look
upon every human being we saw as a let-
ter from the Beloved to us." "No mat-
ter," said-the dear Master, "how blotted,
blurred, torn or soiled that letter appears
to be, nevertheless, you must look upon
it with the of reality and say to
yourself, this is a letter from my Beloved,
therefore, because it is from Him, I must
love it with that divine love and over-
look all its as the Be-
loved wrote it." It must be our love and
devotion to God, the Beloved, that gives
us a sin covering and welcomes all
as the children of the One Heavenly
Father.
THE MESSAGE FROM
SHOGHI EFFENDI
This is the morning of the fourth day
in the glorious unfolding of the Bahai
Cause. Our brothers in Bagdad have
brought this out most beautifully in the
Persian section of this issue. With the
Bab, in Persia, there dawned the first
morning of the new day of unity. When
he was martyred night fell upon the
Cause. Then Baha 'Ullah arose and the
sun dawned in full glory. When he de-
parted from this world there fell upon
his followers the night of sorrow and
separation. Again the sun dawned, in
Abdul Baha, and a wonderful new day
blazed forth. With Abdul Baha's pass-
ing night fell once more upon the sor-
rowing hearts of his friends. But the
radiant morning of the fourth day has
now broken in glory. The sun of unity
and peace has dawned from Shoghi
Effendi, the Guardian of the Cause. Af-
ter a six months' absence he returned to
the Holy Land and sends all the Bahai
friends in America the following beauti-
ful message:
"The onward march of the Cause hath
not been nor can it ever be stayed. I
pray the Almighty that my efforts now
refreshed and renewed may with your
undiminished support lead it to glorious
victory."
..-ifih.

