276 STAR OF THE WEST
sermon worship. This, he thinks, partly
explains the falling-off in church attend-
ance since the minister does not exist
Who can preach a brilliant sermon every
Sunday and do all the other things that
are expected of him. The emphasis in
church going should be put, he says, upon
the idea of worship rather than upon the
drawing power of the sermon. "Without
at least a touch of mysticism worship is
a cold and barren thing."
In the Bahai assemblies now found in
all lands worship has regained its spring-
time freshness and splendor. As Abdul
Baha said, the Bahais on l\/Iount Carmel
would like to spend day and night in the
divine joy of prayer for to them "prayer
is conversation with God." In the Bahai
temples of the future, of which the great
edifice now being built at Chicago is the
first in America, all religions and peoples
Will unite together in praising and suppli-
cating to the One Universal God, the One
Father of all nations that dwell upon the
earth. In these meetings the heavenly
books will be read and the glorious pray-
ers of Baha'Ullah and Abdul Baha will
be chanted. It will be simply with the
desire to worship and praise God that all
nations and races will enter the Universal
House of Worship; and thus worshipping
in an all-inclusive unity will their services
attract an especial downpouring of the
Holy Spirit for as Abdul Baha has said,
"everything universal is divine."
SPIRITUAL MEETINGS
Word: of Aibdul Baha
Regarding arrangements for the Bahai
Sunday meeting for the purpose of wor-
ship, this is very suitable that first, prayer
should be chanted and supplication made
until all gather; then communion should
be made. After praying, sacred readings
with melodious voices should be read by
all together.
Thou hast written concerning the
spiritual meeting. The spiritual meeting
must be in the utmost state of ecstasy
and tumult. The supplications must be
perused, the Tablets and Verses be read,
eloquent speeches be delivered, divine
proofs be explained, the audience be en-
couraged to enter into the Kingdom of
God, news received from different parts
be read and in the end they may read
all together, a supplication.

The founding of these spiritual meet-
ings is purely for the purpose of teaching;
but, as the Azkar is not yet
founded, therefore in the spiritual meet-
ings verses are chanted, supplications and
communes offered and discourses deliv-
ered. However, when the 
Azkar is organized the spiritual meetings
will be devoted especially to teaching, and
the place of worshippwill become focalized
in the h"Iashreq'Ul Azkar.
ii
This Cause is proclaimed through elo-
quent, sincere addresses. We must un-
loose the tongue, spread the fragrances of
God, diffuse the words of God. We must
present to the public the proofs and evi-
dences of this Cause with a tongue of fire
so that souls may be exhilarated, minds
become full of tumult and acclamation.
With words of love and illumination we
must set hearts aglow with the fire of the
love of God, enkindle minds with the pow-
er of the Kingdom. We must explain the
teachings orally so that hearts may be-
come like pure fountains, the invisible
inspirations may descend, the bounties of
the Holy Spirit may be revealed, the rays
of the Sun of Reality may shine the
breezes of the Paradise of Abha may
waft and the glad tidings of the Kingdom
of Abha may be announced.
FROM THE BOOK OF AKDAS
The Voice of God is speaking through the
Pen of 
Harken unto that which the Sadrat
(Guidance) reveals unto you from the
verses of God. Verily, they are the
balance of the guidance of God, the Lord
of this world and the world to come. By
them the souls soar to the daysprings of
inspiration and the hearts of the ad-
vancers are illumined. His utterances are
the ordinances of God which are incum-
bent upon you as these are the precepts
of God whereunto ye are commanded in

