298 KNIGHTING OF ABDUL BAI-IA
as were those of Moses, only far greater
and destined to be the foundation of a
divine civilization. Before the awful ma-
jesty of such a law, as incarnated in
Baha'Ullah, one could but prostrate one-
self, body and soul; and feel that the
greatest privilege this life afforded was
to work to help bring this civilization to
pass.
Such was the power of Baha'Ullah,
conveyed even through a photograph.
And when his sacred shoes were put into
my hands I heard as it were the footsteps
of them echoing around the World, the
footsteps of One from the mountain-top
bearing good news. I had prayed at the
tomb of Abdul Baha to have a clearer
realization of the station of Baha'Ullah.
My prayer had been graciously answered.
The day will come when every jot and
tittle of this Law will be worshipped by
mankind, not only because of its divine
origin, but because it will have been the
means of bringing to this World the hap-
piest and most perfect civilization it has
ever known.
THE KNIGHTING
THE following beautiful description
of this event was written by Dr.
Zia M. Bagdadi Who was at that time in
Haifa:
"Among the kings and governments
of the world who have become con-
vinced that Abdul Baha was the Well-
wisher and the lover of mankind are
King George and his government. The
King sent a medal to Abdul Baha with
the title, "Sir", thus making him a mem-
ber of his household. On the 27th of
April, 1920, the Governor and high offl-
cials of Haifa, Palestine presented in a
beautiful garden a most Wonderful cele-
bration for the knighting of Abdul Baha.
Bahai pilgrims from Persia, America and
all parts of the world were present.
Mohammedan, Christian, jewish leaders,
clergymen, notables and local officials
from Haifa, Acca and other towns at-
tended. A tent was pitched in the cen-
ter of the garden. English troops stood
on both sides, from the gate of the garden
to the center where Abdul Baha Was
seated. The military music added Won-
The Tomb or Shrine of Baha'Ullah.
OF ABDUL BAHA
derful melody to the rustling leaves of
the beautiful trees. The breezes of the
spring on that sunny afternoon imparted
a remarkable vigor to the physical body
just as the presence of Abdul Baha
strengthened the souls. The Governor
stood behind Abdul Baha and, after a
short speech, interpreted by Mr. Wadie
Bistani, presented the medal. Then Ab-
dul Baha, rising from his seat, gave a
brief talk and a prayer for the British
government."
PASSING OF ABDUL 
ABDUL Baha brought to our age a
truth so manifest and a love so
universal that people of all religions and
races gave to them spontaneous recog-
nition and Welcome. It is like the wel-
come We give to the sunlight in the
morning so clearly is that sunlight the
light of the World.
This is beautifully described in the
booklet The Parring of ./flbdul Baha. This

