THE VVISDOM OF THE APOSTLES
From ct Tablet of Abdul Baho
order to spread and teach the
cause of God two of the Apostles
went to the city of Antioch. No sooner
had they arrived than they started to
exhort and give counsel to the people.
As the inhabitants of the city were
totally uninformed of the divine prin-
ciples they started to censure and ar-
raign them, which finally ended in their
persecution and torture and imprison-
ment. The detailsof these sad events
did not reach the Disciples and thus the
way of association and communication
was entirely barred.
"But When Peter heard about it he
started for that country Without delay.
Having entered the city he commenced
in the begining to associate and frater-
nize with the people until, little by lit-
tle, he became the loving companion and
comrade of the nobles and ministers. In
a short space of time-he became Well
known for his piety, godliness, virtue,
explanations, knowledge, perfections
and excellences of the world of human-
ity. Finally he became acquainted with
the king of that country and consorted
with him with joy and fragrance. VVhen
Peter saw that the king was relying
upon him with the utmost' confidence,
trust and night apropos
of some question, he brought in the name
of the Apostles. The king told him that
some time ago two such ignorant and
illiterate souls had entered his city and,
having begun to deliver seditious
speeches, he had ordered his ofiicers' to
arrest them and put them under chains
180
and fetters. His holiness Peter ex-
pressed a passing Wish to meet them.
The king commanded his attendants to
bring them in to the audience chamber.
According to the requirements of the
place and time_Pet.er appeared not to
recognize them and then asked:
'Who are you? Wliere do you come
from?'
"They answered: "Ne are the ser-
vants of his holiness the Spirit of God
(Christ), and We come from Jerusalem.'
"Then he asked about his holiness, the
Spirit: 'Who is he?'
They said: is the Promised One
of the Bible and the Desired One of all
the servants.'
"Afterward, in the spirit of the an-
tagonist, he asked them the universal
and particular q11estiO11s and at every
step contended with them. Often the
very nature of the question gave them a
clue as to- how to answer.
"In short, one by one, he put the
doubts and scru-ples of the people in the
form of questions and they gave con-
vincing answers. Now and then he
would accept a number of their explana-
tions, and anon, he Would wave aside a
set of others bringing forth counter prop-
ositions so that the audience might not
find out that he also was one of them.
In brief, several nights were spent in
these interrogations and answers, now
in refutation, again in acceptance, then
in discussion and anon in controversial
contention until all those who were pres-
ent became fully informed of the fun-

