THE NEED FOR THE EDUCATION OF WOMEN
IN THE NEAR EAST
BY GENEVIEVE COY
WHEN an American woman reads
in the books of Baha 'Ullah that
both boys and girls should receive an
education, she is likely to say to herself,
"Of course! We have always believed
that." When appeals come to us to con-
tribute to schools for girls in the East,
we think, "Yes, that is very good. I
should like to' help a little with that."
But not until We have actually seen with
our own eyes the condition of women
in the East do most of us appreciate
how great is the need for such schools.
When a VVestern Woman has lived for
only a few Weeks in the Orient she
comes to a vivid realization of how for-
tunate it is for her, as a woman, that
she was born in the Occident.
Suppose yourself to be an Eastern
woman: what will your life be like?
As a child you practically never play
with boys. Your brothers have boy-
friends; you have girl-friends; but the
two groups never mix. You probably
do not go to school, but if you do, there
are never any boys there. And yet, with
this ignorance of boys and men, you
realize as you grow older that you must
marry. There is no other occupation
for you to enter; all the positions as
clerks, teachers, doctors, etc., are filled
by men. The life of an unmarried
woman in the East is perhaps at little
worse than that of the married one.
You know that your parents will choose
a husband for you; he may be twice as
old as you are; he may be ugly, re-
pulsive, cruel. But you will have no
17
choice  the matter. Unless your father
and mother are unusually kind and pro-
gressive, you Will be given to the man
who pays the most money to your
parents. Love and companionship in
marriage, as understood in the "lest, are
not even thought of in connection with
your' betrothal. On the wedding-day,
after the ceremony, your husband enter-
tains his men-friends; you have a party
for the ladies. Not until after that will
you meet your husband. Then imagine
what he may be? \Vill he be kind, or
cruel Will he smile on you, or frown"?
How many other wives will he bring
home to share the house with you?
After marriage, how will you spend
your time? You must attend to the
household; later you must care for the
children. You may be interested in
pretty dresses, in an occasional ladies'
party. You will not read many books
and magazines because you have had so
little education. You will have few i11-
terests in common with your husband.
You may never go for Walks, or for
bicycle rides, or for a swim in the sea.
All these are impossible because you
must wear a veil everywhere. Perhaps
you go for an occasional carriage-ride,
but, even though it be along a country
road, you must have a constant sidelong
glance looking for men, and should one
of those wily creatures appear, down
must go your veil.
A few stories about Eastern Women
may serve to make these conditions
more vivid. In a certain city a young
7

