care of Mr. Albert Windust and Mr.
Arthur Agnew. Mr. MacNutt has also
written a11 eloquent, comprehensive in-
troduction which ends with a picture of
the covenant, the ancient, the new, the
eternal covenant which is "the penetrat-
ing power of the pure religion of God"
in every age. At Abdul Baha'.s request
this introductio-n is published also in
Persian, a manifest union of the East
and the VVest.
This volume of addresses is a wonder-
ful introduction to the Bahai teachings.
'It gives the universal principles of the
new covenant, marvelous pictures of the
influence of Moses, of the divine Christ,
of the great world prophets, with stir-
ring accounts of the life of the Bab
and Baha. 'Ullah as they appeared in
Persia with the light of the new day of
God, the day of the Most Great Peace.
There are beautiful little talks to
groups of friends on pure and sanctified
living, on the radiant pathway of
spiritual rebirth and teaching. They
are so vivid the Master seems almost to
rise a living, loving presence from the
shining pages. As we read we realize
that his Words "are the breaths of the
-I-Ioly Spirit which create men anew."
"Praise be to God," he said, at the
home of Mr. and Mrs. MacNutt, "the
light of unity and love is shining in
these faces. These spiritual suscepti-
bilities are the real fruits of heaven.
His holiness the Bab, his holines Baha
'Ullah over sixty years ago proclaimed
the glad tidings of Universal Peace. The
Bab was martyred in the cause of God.
His holiness Baha 'Ullah suffered forty
years as a prisoner and exile in order
that the kingdom of love might be estab-
lished in the East and West. He has
made it possible for us to meet here
in love and unity. Because he sufiered
imprisonment we are free to proclaim
the oneness of the World of humanity
190
for which he stood so long and faith-
fully. He was chained in dungeons, he
was without food, his companions were
thieves and criminals, he was subjected
to every kind of abuse and infliction,
but throughout it all he never ceased to
proclaim the reality of the Word of God
and the oneness of humanity. We have
been brought together here by the power
of his from America, I from
Persia,--all in love and unity of spirit.
Was this possible in former centuries'?
If it is possible now after fifty years of
sacrifice a11d teaching, what shall we
expect in the wonderful" centuries com-
ing?
"Therefore let your faces be more
radiant with hope and heavenly deter-
mination to serve the cause of God, to
spread the pure fragrances of the divine
rose-gardenof unity, to awaken spiritual
susceptibilities in the hearts of mankind,
to kindle anew the spirit of humanity
with divine fires and to reflect the glory
of heaven to this gloomy world of ma-
terialism. When you possess these
divine susceptibilities you will be able
to awaken and develop them in others.
\Ve cannot give of our wealth to the
poor unless We possess it. How can the
poor give to the poor? How can the
soul that is deprived of the heavenly
b-ounties develop capacity to receive
those bounties in other souls'?
"Array yourselves in the perfection
of divine virtues. I hope you may be
quickened and vivified by the breaths of
the Holy Spirit. Then shall you indeed
become the angels of heaven Whom
Christ promised would appear in this
days to gather the harvest of divine
planting. This is my hope. This is
my prayer for you."
The Promu-lgiation of Unibersail Peace,
Bahai Publishing Society, Chicago,
$2.50.

