STAR OF THE WEST 4-5
The Bahai Religious Need of the Time
(Continued from page 39)
persons of means have been known to
provid.e traveling and living expenses
enabling certain speakers and teachers
for a time to extend the field of their
labors. Teaching consists of first living
the principles of the Cause in one 's inner
life and then speaking to others. Unless
a teacher lives the life of which he
preaches his words will have no efiect
upon the hearts of others.
All Bahais are servants of the Cause
and are supposed to promulgate the
teachings, each in his own 
Working according to his ability. Some
are able to go about through the world
teaching and preaching, while others
carry on their religious work in conjunc-
tion With their material affairs. The
Bahais in no way form a close sect or
cult. They do 11ot separate themselves
from other people. Their Work is ever
outward and i11 the world Where they are
diffusing spiritual knowledge and serv-
ing humanity.
In the following Words of Abdul-Baha
he instructs teachers how they should
teach:
The intention of the teacher must be
pure, his heart independent, his spirit at-
tracted, his thought at peace, his resolu-
tion firm, his magnanimity exalted and
in the love of God a shining torch.
"Should he become as such, his sanc-
tified breath will even aifect the rock 
otherwise there will be no result what-
soever. As long as a so-ul is not per-
fected, how can he elface the defects of
others?
"Unless he is detached from aught
else save God, how can he teach sever-
ance to others?"
A Bahai Poem
DR. ALBERT DURRANT WATSON
of Toronto, Canada., has written a
long poem of epic nature o-n the lives
and teachings of the three prophets who
constitute the Bahai Manifestation. The
poem is being printed in a small book
about the size of Hidden Words. The
book will be ready on April 1st and is
to be sold at cost, for 25 cents la copy,
from the office of the author, 10 Euclid
Avenue, To-ronto.
Of this poem, Miss Martha Root, who
saw the manuscript, has Written: "The
poem is wonderful. I never read any-
thing so exquisite about the Bahai Cause.
I feel so happy to read it and to know
it will go down the ages."
And Mr. W. H. Randall, of Boston,
writes: truly think the beautiful and
wonderful poem will do a great deal for
the Cause and is most significant. I be-
lieve it will cause many people to ask
of the Bahai Revelation and to have a
desire to read the Words of BAI-IA 
and Abdul-Baha. It is undoubtedly
the first great English poem that has
been Written in the Bahai Cause, relating
its history and revelation."
Bahaisinterested in the appearance
of the Bahai essence in all forms of l1u-
man activity will welcome this first pre-
sentation of the thrilling narrative and
spiritual teaching in our western verse,
and will rejoice that the Master has so
inspired a poet of our time that he has
laid his poetic gift upon the altar of the
Universal Love. To the many souls,
unsatisfied with the stones of the various
orthodoxies, who have been searching
restlessly for the perfect religion, trying
in turn all the churches and societies
which emphasize but one or, at most,
few phases of truth, this poem from a
writer widely recognized as a sincere
seeker for Light, will serve as a torch
leading and calling to that Perfect Man-
ifestation which is the full cup of relig-
ious inspiration for our age.
Truly, in this Bahai poem we see art
in its highest function, turning the soul
of the reader to the beauty of the Su-
preme One.

