THE SPIRIT ABDUL BAHA
by Hon.-ion HoLLnr
PAR I
THE divine power, in its fullness,
penetrates the universe at all times,
hut each existent being shows forth this
power only to its own degree. Stone,
plant, animal and 1uan-all are sustained
by the one power, Without which nothing
could ever exist. In the same degrees
that stone, plant and animal receive the
power, it is received also by man, for
man'-s physical being is the suin of all
that nature contains. So long' as man is
content with these degrees of existence,
man cannot be distinguished from nature
either in origin or end; he would be con-
sidered nierely as nature in the state of
self-awareness, a mirror in which for a
certain period nature can be seen and
known. Man is ininiersed in nature,
though his thought is not confined.
Wlieii we stand upon the shore of the
sea, and watch the inrolling Waves, it
as though the ocean were moving
and advancing upon the shore, but this
motion and advancenient are illusions of
the eye, for each drop of the sea con-
tinues ever in the same place. It is a
motion we attribute to the sea, which in
the sea itself is only agitation. And thus
the constant change and movement of
lite on the surface of nature; it is the
illusion of life, not progressiveness of
being. For nature as a whole lives,
through the divine power, but the exist>>
once of each production of nature is
merely lent and then Withdrawn. The
tree lives, but the leaves that are put
forth by the tree wither and tall. Today
we see a man, and the man shares in the
common thought; but tomorrow we see
another inan in his place, and the actions
and thoughts of the first are repeated.
The continuity of men is but the con-
tinuity of leafage, not the continuousness
of the tree from season to season.
But man is iininersed in nature as the
ship is immersed in the sea, and the force
of the wind which produces only agita-
tion i11 the sea, produces true niovenient.
and progress in the ship. But the ship
that is deprived of sails, and is rudder~
less, then shares only the agitation of
the sea, the end of which vessel is de-
struction. So man, when deprived of
those faculties that exist above nature,
and independent of nature. lives in the
agitation of nature and dies like the
foam on the wave. By his thought he
may perceive this, and become aware of
it, but by thought it cannot be prevented
or changed.
Now, as when a plant is renioved into
a dark place, far from the light of the
sun, its forces gather dumbly into the
roots, and its leaf withers, its flower fades
and its fruit is destroyed; and the plant
itself, by no effort or exertion of its
powers can overcoine the lack of the sun 
but when placed once more in the light
its forces, are liberated and the plant
seems again to live from within; so are
those faculties in nian that respond to
the divine. Neither will, nor thought.
nor desire, which are the forces of man,
can move upward from the roots of be~
ing in the darlzness of nature, for man
depends upon his spiritual existence
upon the life and light of the divine.
.\*ature is the shadow of God, and i11 that
shadow man is a plant that sleeps.
133

