STAR OF THE WEST 85
designated as the local Houses of Justice), emphatically reveals the sacredness
of their nature, the wide scope of their activity, and the grave responsibility
which rests upon them.
Addressing the members of the Spiritual Assembly in Chicago, the Master
reveals the following: "Whenever ye enter the council-chamber, recite this
prayer with a heart throbbing with the love of God and a tongue purified from
all but His remembrance, that the All-Powerful may graciously aid you to
achieve supreme victory: God, my God! We are servants of Thine that have
turned with devotion to Thy Holy F'ace, that have detached ourselves from all
beside Thee in this glorious Day. We have gathered in this spiritual assembly,
united in our views and thoughts, with our purposes harmonized to exalt Thy
Word amidst mankind. Lord, our God! Make us the signs of Thy Divine
Guidance, the Standards of Thy exalted Faith amongst men, servants to Thy
mighty Covenant, Thou our Lord Most High! Manifestations of Thy Divine
Unity in Thine Abba Kingdom, and resplendent Stars shining upon all regions.
Lord! Aid us to become seas surging with the billows of Thy wondrous Grace,
streams flowing from Thy all-glorious Heights, goodly fruits upon the Tree of
Thy heavenly Cause, trees waving through the breezes of Thy Bounty in Thy
celestial Vineyard. God! M.ake our souls dependent upon the Verses of Thy
Divine Unity, our hearts cheered with the outpourings of Thy Grace, that we
may unite even as the Waves of one sea and become merged together as the
rays of Thine effulgent Light; that our thoughts, our views, our feelings may be-
come as one reality, manifesting the spirit of union throughout the World. Thou
art the Gracious, the Bountiful, the Bestower, the Almighty, the Merciful, the
Compassionate.' 
In the Most Holy Book is revealed: "The Lord hath ordained that in
every city a House of Justice be established wherein shall gather counsellors to
the number of Baha, and should it exceed this number it does not matter. It
behooveth them to be the trusted ones of the Merciful among men and to re-
gard themselves as the guardians appointed of God for all that dwell on earth.
It is incumbent upon them to take counsel together and to have regard for the
interests of the servants of God, for His sake, even as they regard their own
interests, and to choose that which is meet and seemly. Thus hath the Lord your
God commanded you. Beware lest ye put away that which is clearly revealed
in His Tablet. Fear God, ye that perceive."
Furthermore, Abdul-Baha reveals the following: "It is incumbent upon
everyone not to take any step without consulting the Spiritual Assembly, and
they must assuredly obey with heart and soul its bidding a11d be submissive
unto it, that things may be properly ordered and well arranged. Otherwise every
person will act independently and after his own judgment, will follow his own
desire, and do harm to the Cause."
"The prime requisites for them that take counsel together are purity of
motive, radiance of spirit, detachment from all else save God, attraction to His
Divine Fragrances, humility and lowliness amongst His loved ones, patience
and long-suifering in difficulties and servitude to His exalted Threshold. Should
they be graciously aided to acquire these attributes, victory from the unseen
Kingdom of Baha shall be vouchsafed to them." "In this day, assemblies of con-
sultation are of the greatest importance and vital necessity. Obedience unto
them is essential and obligatory. The members thereof must take counsel to-

