for this reason the events of a previous
cycle will not correspond with those of a
succeeding one. From its hidden, un-
seen fountain in every century nature
brings forth a new set of forces and fits
them into the new exigencies and envi-
ronments which were brought about by a
new generation with larger demands and
greater responsibilities.
"For example: ages ago a philosopher,
according to the atheist 's opinion--an in-
spired prophet according to the doctrines
and ideas held by the 
peared for the education and instruction
of mankind. This prophet established
certain principles which laid the founda-
tion of a stable and lofty civilization and
insured the security and progress of the
people. But after the lapse of many
centuries that institution became anti-
quated the letter took the place of the
spirit, hearts grew cold and unrespons-
ive, dynamic life became static and the
basis of the edifice shook and trembled
under the Weight of superstitions and
dogma.
"These events in themselves predicate
the appearance of another Teacher, the
coming of a second Architect. If the sun
shines forth this morning from the east
and gives light. and heat to all the cre-
ated beings and then sets in the west is
it logical to say that We do not need
another sunrise, that the World can live
without the rays and heat of that life-
giving luminary"? Our affirmation or
negation will not change in the least the
course of the sun. The sun will rise in
spite of all our denials and acceptance.
skilled mason builds a building
and families live in it for a number of
years. Does any logician reason soundly
in concluding that this building will be
permanent"? The very word 'construc-
tion' presupposes 'destruction.' It is
obvious that some time, in the course of
years the edifice will be demolished and
another mason will arise and build in its
place another building, either after the
first type, or of a. better and more per-
manent one.
"Consequently, We see that even the
agnostics (really) believe in the necessity
of the appearance of wise and extraordi-
nary teachers who-se mission it is to lead
their fellowmen to higher altitudes of
intelligence and wisdom. In principle
they agree with the religionists. But in
mode of expression and phraseology they
differ from each other."
THE RETURN OF REAL
MEANING
"In the Divine Holy Books there are
unmistakable prophecies giving the glad-
tidings of a certain Day in which the
Promised One of all the Books would
appear, a radiant Dispensation would be
established, the banner of the most great
peace and reconciliation be hoisted and
the oneness of the world of humanity
proclaimed. Among the various nations
and peoples of the World no enmity or
hatred would remain. All hearts would
be united one with another. These
things are recorded in the Taurat, or Old
Testament, in the Gospels, in the Koran,
in the Zend Avesta, in the Books of
Buddha and in the Book of Confucius.
In brief, all the Holy Books contain these
glad-tidings. In all of them it is an-
nounced that after the world is sur-
rounded by darkness radiance will ap-
pear. For, just as the night when it
becomes excessively dark precedes the
dawn of a new day so, likewise, when the
darkness of religious apathy and heed-
lessness overtake the World, when human
souls become negligent of God, when ma-
terialistic ideas overshadow idealism and
spirituality, when nations become sub-
merged in the World of matter and for-
get God--at such a time as this shall the
divine Sun shine forth and the Radiant
Morn appear."
In Christian churches this anticipation
is popularly called the belief i.n Christ 's
"second coming." Ever since the world-
146

