Star of the West
WORDS OF ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR OF THE 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long,
thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art
the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the
present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet sho-uldst thou stand un-
shakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the center of the generosity of the
leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the future thy subscribers will become hosts
after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy arena will become vast
and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become worldwide--and at last thou shalt
become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness. firm-
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Dec. 24, 1910.
ye apostles of BAHA my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR OF THE WEST. must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of God--so that both in the East
and West, they may become informed with the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA ABBAS,
Revealed April, 1916--translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, April, 1919.
Words of Abdul-Baha to Mrs. Ella Goodall Cooper. when she visited Abdul-Baha in 1920 and
in bidding him good-bye asked him if he had a message for Gertrude Buikema and Albert Windust:
"Convey my greetings and love and say unto them, 'Praise be to God, you are assisted in the
service of God. Do not look now at the small influence of the STAR OF THE WEST. A day
apmefighen this will be the greatest paper in the world. It will be spread the East and in
est.
STAR OF THE WEST Cornmittee-Convention of 1921
Chas. Mason Remey, Chairman
Dr. Wm. F. Slater Albert Vail
Carl Scheffler Martha Root 
Editorial Staff Albert R. Winclust--Gertrude Buikema--Dr. Zia M. Bagdadl
Honorary Member: Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
VOL.13 AZAMAT l,78(May 17,1922) NO.4
Change of Management of the STAR OF THE WEST
Allaho 'Abha!
In accordance with the will of Shoghi Effendi in the letter to the Bahais of
America. (See page 87), the STAR or THE. must now be recognized as one
of the large activities of the Bahai Cause, and by the action of the Convention
of 1922, passes from under the jurisdiction of the friends whose names appear
above to the direction of a Special Board elected by the National Spiritual As-
sembly (formerly called the Executive Board of Bahai Temple Unity) and con-
stituted as a Committee thereof, responsible to it and over which the National
Body shall exercise constant and general supervision. The members of this
Special Board are: Mountfort Mills, Roy C. Wilhelm, William H. Randall,
Albert Vail and Edna True.
This issue (No. 4, Vol. 13) of the STAB or "run is the last published by
the The next issue will be edited, published and distributed by the
new Board, who have chosen Mr. and Mrs. Albert Vail to carry on the work.
We hope the friends will, with renewed energy, arise to assist the new man-
agement and make the STAR or THE WEST what it is destined to be. (See words
of Abdul-Baha. at the top of this page.) We wish to thank all the friends for the
many 6Xpr6SSi0nS received of appreciation, and for their co-operation and assist-
ance throughout the past twelve years. Albert R. Wmdust,
Gertrude Buikema.
*We assume that the editor of the Persian section, Dr. Bagdadi, will con-
tinue his work on the STAR or THE WEST, because no word has reached us from
the Committee indicating any change in the management of this department.

