STAR OF THE WEST
THE UNIVERSAL LANGUAGE OF THE SPIRIT
given by Abdul Baha i11 his
home at Haifa, Palestine, November
19, 1921 at the regular six o'clock even-
ing meeting called "The Persian Meet-
ing." Mr. John D. Bosch of Geyser-
ville, California, was the only occidental
present among the sixty friends who met
at this time, just nine days before the
passing away of Abdul Baha. In fact,
this was the last public talk given by
Abdul Baha in the Pe-rsian meeting
when an occidental attended. Inter-
preted by Mirza Mohammed Ali Afnan.
Taken down in Persian by Dr. Lotfullah
Hakim.
Abdul Baha opened the meeting by
saying to- Mr. Bosch:
"Although you are here with these as-
sembled friends and cannot speak with
them nor they with you, yet you can
speak with one another through the
heart. The language of the heart is
even more expressive than the language
of the tongue and is more truthful and
has a wider reach and a more potent
effect."
Mr. Bosch said; "This is a Wonderful
spiritual eXperience--to be here with
the friends."
Abdul Baha then said: "V\Then lovers
meet it may be that they cannot ex-
change a single Word, yet with their
hearts they speak to one another. Thus
163
do the clouds speak to the earth and the
rain comes down; the breeze whispers to
the trees; the sun speaks to the eyes of
men. Although this is not actual speech
yet this is the way in which the hearts
of the friends talk together. It is the
harmony between two persons, and this
harmony is of the hearts. For instance,
you were in America and I was in the
Holy Land. Although our lips were still
yet with our hearts We were conversing
together. The friends here love you very
much. They have a real attachment for
you although with the tongue they can-
not express it."
Mr. Bosch said: am very glad. I
love them too."
Abdul Baha then said: "If this love
is real and true, if it is from the heart
it will characterize itself by self-sacrifice.
When the attachment is superficial
friends do 110t sacrifice themselves even
to the extent of a hair"s breadth.
"His holiness the Christ loved both
his disciples and believers to such an
extent that he sacrificed his life for
them. His holiness the Supreme (the
Bab), loved the friends to such an ex-
tent that he gave his life for them. The
Blessed Beauty (Baha'Ul1ah) loved the
friends so much that for their sakes he
accepted a thousand difficulties and af-
flictions. Four times he was exiled. He
was banished from one place to another.

