STAR OF WEST 19
cipline and rules.' His Holiness Christ
answered them: 'These are the days of
marriage and not the days of discipline.
The days of rules and discipline will
come afterwards.' This means that the
fruit of the trees will be gathered in
summer and not in the spring. There
were some people Who appeared at Khor-
assan, and in reality revived the religion
of His Holiness the Prophet, otherwise
his religion would have been utterly de-
stroyed. These people Were souls who
were severed from all desire save service.
"Now also our hope is that in these
days the Holy Cause may yield its fruits.
That the friends of God may become so
self-sacrificing that the Cause may bring
forth much fruit. The days are passing,
before long a Whirlwind of dust will
place everybody in their graves.
"As long as We are living We must be
all the time thinking of the promotion of
the Word of God, so that the heavenly
life may illumine all the world and may
change this World of dust into paradise
and change this wilderness of thorns into
a rose garden."
(Translated by Mirza Azizollah S. Ba-
hadur. "Copied by E. H. S., Teheran,
Persia.)
"The Tree of Life is just beginning to grow. . .This Tree
of Life is the Book of the Covenant"
The Last Tablet Revealed by Abdul-Baha for the Bahaes in America
To all the friends of God in Ameriea~--The Glory of God rest upon them!
He Is God!
ye friends of God!
Abdul-Baha is day and night thinking of you and mentioning you, for the
friends of God are dear to him. Every morning at dawn I supplic-ate the
Kingdom of God and ask that you may be filled with the breath of the Holy
Spirit, so that you may become brilliant candles, shine with the light of guid-
ance and dispel the darkness of error. Rest assured that the confirmations of
the Abha Kingdom will continuously reach you.
Through the power of the Divine springtime, the downpour of the celestial
clouds and the heat of the Sun of Reality, the Tree of Life is just beginning to
grow. Before long it Will produce buds, bring forth leaves and fruits and cast
its shade over the East and the "West. This Tree of Life is the Book of the
Coivcmant.
In America, in these days, severe Winds have surrounded the lamp of the
Covenant, hoping that this brilliant light may be extinguished and this Tree of
Life may be uprooted. Certain weak, capricious, malicious and ignorant souls
have been shaken by the earthquake of hatred, of animosity, have striven to
efiiace the divine Covenant and Testament, and render the clear Water muddy
so that in it they might fish.* They have arisen against the Center of the Cov-
enant like the people of the Beg/am [The Book of the Bab] who attacked the
Blessed Beauty (Bimini and every moment uttered a calumny. Every
day they seek a pretext and secretly arouse doubts, so that the Covenant of
BAHA may be completely annihilated in America.
friends of God! Be awake, be awake, be vigilent, be vigilent! His Holi-
ness the Bab made a Covenant for BAHA with all the people of the Beyan,
*This is a saying in Persian meaning: "One creates trouble in order to
profit by it."

