250 STAR OF THE WEST
acquaintance and experience which he
had had.
In every country there are hundreds
and thousands of young people who
dream of going abroad and seeing inter-
esting things in far-away countries. But
most of them do not have the oppor-
tunity to go for traveling is expensive
and besides this expense there is some-
thing else to be considered, namely, the
foreign language. It requires many
years of study to acquire a foreign
language; but With Esperanto one can
now travel in any country. There are
very few countries where Esperantists
and Esperanto clubs are not to be found.
These Esperantists are everywhere.
They live in Japan, or Finland, or
Turkey, or South America and are most
happy to meet you because they have
dreamed of seeing for themselves your
country and your They are
more than guides whom a foreign visitor
acquires for money. To the Espcrantist
the "foreign Esperantist" is a personal
friend whom he can receive in his own
country and home. This means an ac-
quaintance upon a basis of purely hu-
man interests, of learning more about
the world through personal intercourse
rather than by books, and without
thought of profiteering. It is an ex-
cellent international education on both
sides.
I am glad to be able. to state that the
authorities in Finland, my homeland,
have done much for the spreading of
Esperanto. The State railways give the
Esperanto Association of Finland the
right to advertise gratis in all wait.ing
rooms of the Finnish railway stations.
The advertisement placard gives the ad-
dress of the Esperanto oflice in Helsing-
fors, the capital of Finland, also the
address of the district delegate and of
the nearest Esperanto guide. Such
Esperanto placards are likewise to be
seen in the postoffices of Finland. The
Esperantists in Finland offer thus their
services gratis to every Esperantist who
arrives in Finland and every Esperantist
visitor is a welcome guest. Furthermore,
the Esperantist Congress held in Hels-
ingfors, August eighth to sixteenth of
this year, received from the government
the most ample support, the President
of the Republic being the High Protec-
tor of the Congress, the Cabinet giving
fifty thousand marks, the city of Hels-
lngfors ten thousand marks and the rail-
ways great reductions, namely, fifty per
ce11t in the ticket price.
Here I must mention the services of
Esperanto to me, in Japan. Arriving
there in 1920 I was most cordially met
by the Esperantists of Tokyo, and not
only in Toho but in every part of
Japan had I this same experience, for
later, visiting Osaka, Kyoto, Kanazawa,
Sendai and other places everywhere I
found the same feeling of friendship
and the same eagerness to help and
guide a "foreign" Esperantist so close-
ly connected With the "neutral" lan-
guage, called Esperanto.
Every traveler to foreign countries
should think of this-the value of
Esperanto. With comparatively little
trouble he can learn it and he will then
realize the value of the idea which has
created this artificial but best way of
international approach. Knowing Espe-
ranto he can travel to any country, be
well received and heartily greeted in
every place where Esperanto is known
and, losing nothing of his own national-
ity and without fear of ridicule because
of a poor knowledge of the native lan-
guages of the great countries he can
carry himself as a living specimen of
his own nation. The common interest is
the same in all will to un-
dertsand each other and to learn from
each other.
I do not hesitate to say -that the time
for such "neutral" and really inter-
national will to approach each. other is
now nearer than is supposed and that
Esperanto is the language for this pur-
pose.
Note: This article, translated into
Japanese, appeared in the August num-
ber of "Kaine", the leading Japanese
magazine of Tokyo.

