Concerning him a Persian friend has quoted: "When the rose has faded
and its garden is shall we inhale its fragrance? Nowhere, but
from the attar which is its essence!"
I conclude my letter by asking all the dear friends to pray for the family -of
Abdul Baha that they may receive power to transmute the agony of the parting
into determination to help Shoghi Effendi i11 his work, for indeed we all miss the
Master more and more every day! He was all the world t.o us, our spiritual
and our father, our comfort, our hope, our companion and our guide
in all the aifairs of our daily life.
The only joy we have is when, from all countries we hear the good news of
the unity of the dear friends .and the growth of the Divine Cause.
The Greatest Holy Leaf, my mother and my sisters join me in love and
Bahai greeting to you all, and in assuring you that we always pray at the Holy
Shrines for the dear friends, that they may be "assisted and strengthened in the
path of Servitude so that they may accomplish a great work in the spreading of
the Divine Cause in this Day, for "Now is the appointed time."
Ever your loving friend and spiritual sister in the service of the Cause of
God.
(Signed) Rouna.
SOME STR-IKING CONNECTIONS BETWEEN THE SI-IRINE OF THE
B-AB AND THE MASI-IREQ AZKAR OF AMERICA.
Br TRUE
THE: first convention of Bahai Temple
Unity was held in Chicago on the
very day that Abdul Baha placed the
remains of the great Bab to rest on
Mount Carmel, in the-marble casket sent
by a believer from Rangoon, India. This
casket is beautifully worked with the
Greatest Name in relief and gilded three
times on each side. The body of Abdul
Baha rests today in the same shrine that
he had so lovingly built for the holy
Bab.
Regarding the two events that hap-
pened simultaneously in the Bahai
Cause, the one in the East and the other
in the West-, on March 21, 1909, Abdul
Baha wrote:
"Praise be to God that in the blessed
day of arooz the sanctified remains of
his holiness the my life be a
sacrifice to sixty years of
wandering were carried to the most
beautiful spot of the Mountain of the
Lord, the Mount of Carmel; and one of
the divine miracles was this, that in that
very day the Convention of the Bahai
Delegates was inaugurated in Chicago,
and unanimously and effectively rules
were adopted for the building of the
Temple. Consider thou how heavenly
Providence has efiected such confirma-
tion that these two great matters trans-
pired in the same day. This is an evi-
dence of the most great assistance and
help!" (From tablet to Miss Annie
Boylan, New York City. Translated by
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, June 10, 1909,
Washington, D. C.)
When some of the American friends
visited the holy shrine of the Bab and
Abdul Baha shortly after the ascension
of Abdul Baha, to our astonishment we
found two large pictures of the Ameri-
can or "Mother Mashreq'u1 Azkar" (as
named by Abdul Baha) hanging on the
walls of the two rooms used by the pil-
grims who visit the shrine. These are
the only pictures on those sacred walls
and were placed by the Center of the
Covenant, himself.
120

