336 TI-IE STORY OF EBN ABHAR
In the morning Imam Iomai sum-
moned Mirza Jalil Khan and made cal-
umnious accusations against me and
against the Revealer of the Cause. He
then tried to persuade him to torture
(me) Ab-har.
"Tell him that you will bind his shoul-
ders, chain him, put his feet in stocks
and ride him on a bare-backed mule.
Undoubtedly, to escape such ignominy he
will pay you a large sum of money. After
obtaining the money then act to the very
limit of your power in order to secure
your heavenly recompense, for these
transgressors lead the people astray and
the more scornfully they are treated the
more the people will fear to follow them.
Then, how great will be your station in
the sight of the Great Father Mohammed
in the day of resurrection! Proceed at
once to Zinjan, and make this matter
seem very important before the Gover-
nor. As soon as he arrives there let the
Governor purify the province of Kamsare
from his ignoble him be
kil1ed;")
\7Vhen Mirza ]alil Khan compared the
words of Ebn Abhar with those of Imam
]omai he said: "Aga, there is an im-
mense difference between your statements
and his. Ebn Abhar admonished us until
midnight. He gave us the story of the
prophets in detail exhorting us to live in
peace with all the people of God. He led
us to the straight path of love, virtue,
holiness and the Oneness of the peerless
God. He showed no sadness because of
the calamities which had befallen him.
Alas for me! that I must bring about the
murder of such a prisoner 1"
He then arose, saying: "If God wills,
the enemy himself will cause good to
triumph."
With smiling face he came and report-
ed to me the whole interview, adding, 
thought all Bahais were the enemies of
God and of His prophet and I intended
to torture and kill you. But since last
night, and especially, today, I have
changed my mind and am anxious to
gain a thorough knowledge of your pur-
pose. I am resolved to do nothing which
may cause me to be ashamed in the pres-
ence of God and of His prophet."
Ebn Abhar answered: "Verily, the
Koran says: 'Those who obey God are
those who have obeyed His prophet'."
My family wished to send a sum of
money to the Governor to obtain my re-
lease but he had evidently come under
the influence of Imam Jomai for he sent
a strict order to Imam Iomai and Jalil
Khan that he (jalil Khan).must set out
at once with the prisoner of the govern-
ment. I/Vhat a terrible scene followed!
It was the fourth day of Moharram,
the month of beating. Shops were closed
and groups of men had equipped them-
selves to torment the believers. The sol-
diers joined having taken
bribes; others being followers of Imam
Jomai; and others joining through fanat-
icism. The Women, hiding in the inner
apartment were crying loudly. A rabble
of worthless people had gathered about
the gate, and friends, also, had secretly
drawn near. In the evening Imam Jomai
with his two brothers, Mirza Hadiet and
Aga Fatollah, brought a company of sol-
diers and instructed them to mount the
prisoner in the most ignominious fashion
or they would be reported to the Gover-
nor and would themselves be humiliated.
They gave notice that if anyone rented
him (the prisoner) a good horse the ani-
mal would be seized and that man and his
family would be treated as scorpions.
Mirza Ialil and the ten others did not
dare to start with him. A lean pony was
brought. Some of the onlookers were
scornful; some were laughing; others
amazed; and a few were weeping. Many
were cursing and reviling, while the sound
of crying from the women and children
in the inner room rent the heart. The
oppressed believers had taken refuge in
a corner and dared not utter a word.
Imam jomai, surrounded by Mullahs,
theological students, merchants and
princes was writing an accusation in an
inner room. He ordered this oppressed
one to enter, which he did with the chain
about his neck and one foot in a stock.
Immediately Imam Iomai said, with a
bitter smile: "Curse you, for an infidel!"
I answered him with a proverb: "First
prove the earth and then draw the map
of it."
Upon hearing this quotation Imam
Iomai said, angrily: "Remove this dog
from the room. He accounts himself a
prophet and reveals verses for us."

