STAR OF THE WEST 53
ments to peace as taught by BAHA
and referred several times to
the Center of the Covenant, Abdul-Baha,
to show the assembled audience the con-
nection between the Light and its Source.
His utterances moved every heart and
kindled a new fire of love in every
breast. The atmosphere of unity and
love present during the evening was as
refreshing as a spring morning and
without a doubt great results Will come
from those meetings. Truly the Beloved
was present and radiant in the hearts
of that gathering.
The meeting closed with songs ren-
dered by the Choral Society, of another
composition by a negro co-mposer, calling
every heart to sing praise to tl1e Giver
of all bounties.
The Tuesday evening session of the
Amity Congress opened with a piano
selection rendered by Miss Edith Talia-
ferro and a vocal solo by Mrs. Rose
Bogardus. There was a larger crowd
than on the previous night and the spirit
was stronger and the people more radi-
ant and expectant.
Mr, Alfred E. Lunt, of Boston, acted
as chairman and introduced the speaker,
Mr. Roy Williams, of Washingtoii, D. C.,
who spoke on the subject of the "One-
ness of Mankind." Rev. Neil McPherson,
of the Congregational Church, spoke
powerfully on the saving of America,
saying: "America will never become
what it should until it acknowledges that
each nation or man has a different and
superior quality that must be recognized
by each. Brotherhood means a family
of nations with good-will. America must
be as the good Samaritan to the stricken
nations of Europe." He Waxed elo-
quent and warm in his appeal for good-
will and love and moved the audience
to ecstacy.
Then Col. Charles L. Young, whose
subject was "One God, One Law,"
broke into a great outburst of eloquence,
showing the black man's fitness and
equality, his advancement in economic
holdings and in serving his country, and
that one law and one God is necessary
for both races.
Mrs. I-Iall sang two beautiful numbers
and also Mr. Gordum, the director of
music, gave a song, followed by three
numbers from the Springfield Glee Club.
Mr. Lunt, the chairman, made re-
marks and the notable speaker, Dr. Zia
M. Bagdadi, addressed the people with
"The Heavenly Teachings" of BAHA
which a.re the cure for human-
ity. \Vith eagerness the huge gathering
drank in every word of the power of the
great proclamation of the great Bane
and the speaker showered every
soul with its mighty vibrations. Dr.
Bagdadi emphasized the message of
Abdul-Baha in regard to the danger of
the devastation of America if the heav-
enly teachings of BAHA are not
heeded and enforced, and outlined in
detail what Abdul-Baha said about the
racial outbreaks and their real conse-
quences.
SOME OF THE WVORDS OF THE
SPEAKERS:
Among other things, Mr. l/Villiam H.
Randall said: The Kingdom of God is
standing at the door. It is necessary
that the household should be at peace.
This problem of the races--and I want
to make it larger than the White and
black, for there are many races and all
are the children of God and He smiles
on all--is not a' problem that we can
solve in the usual way, because it is
spiritual. . . .
"Peace results from a cause. "Te
think sometimes we can legislate peace,
but we cannot. It is the result of cer-
tain conditions that bring it into effect.
. . . One of the conditions which I
think constitute the foundation of
peace is political unity. We cannot have
peace when we have discord entering
into the political harmony of a nation.
The world has been prepared as though
by the Word of God so that barriers
holding nations apart should be torn
down. . . .

