"Man must so live that he may be-
come beloved in the sight of God, be-
loved in the estimation of the righteous
ones and beloved and p-raiSed by the
people. When he reaches this station the
feast of eternal happiness is spread be-
forehim. His heart is serene and com-
posed because he finds himself accepted
at the threshold of His Highness, the
One. His soul is in the utmost felicity
and bliss even if he be surrounded by
mountains of tests and difficulties. He
will be like unto a sea on the surface of
which one may see huge White- waves,
but in its deeps it is calm, unruffled and
undisturbed. If he trusts his happiness
to objects and fluctuating con-
ditions he is doomed to disappointment.
Should he gain a fortune and anchor his
happiness to that he may hypnotize him-
self into a state of so-called joy for a
few days, and then that very fortune
will become a mill-stone around his neck,
the cause of his worry and melancholy.
"But if he lives in accordance with
the good-pleasure of the Lord he Will be
favored at the court of the Almighty.
He will be drawn nigh unto the throne
of Majesty. He will be respected by all
mankind and loved and honored by the
believers. This fortune bestows eternal
happiness. The tree of this fortune is
ever green. The autumnal wind does
not sear its leaves nor does the frost of
Winter rob it of its perennial freshness.
This is a happiness which is not followed
by any misery b-ut is always a source of
gratefulness and blessedness. The most
great, peerless gift of God to the world
of humanity is happiness born of love--
they are the twin sisters of the super-
man; one is the complement of the other.
Everything that contributes to the sum
total of this human happiness is a gift
on the part of God, and that thing which
does not add to the aggregate of this
ideal felicity must be, little by little
or all at once eliminated.
"Therefore, it becomes self-evident
that the first bestowal to the world of
humanity is happiness, that kind of
happiness which is unalterable and
ideal. If, by happiness physical enjoy-
ment of material things is meant then
the ferocious wolf is made happy be-
cause he kills the innocent lamb and
satisfies his hunger for a few hours. This
is not happiness. Happiness is a 
logical condition created in brain, mind
and heart, the efiect of which works out
from the center to the circumference.
For example, after many days and
nights of reflection the philosopher un-
ravels a seemingly unsolvable problem.
As the result, a wave of supreme hap-
piness surges -through his being. The
philanthropist comes to the assistance
of thousands of half-starved, half-
clothed, afflicted people of a nation. In
his deed he wins much contentment. An
engineer spans a large river with a sus-
pension or cantilever bridge, or an arch-
itect makes the design of an edifice. Each
finds true enjoyment in his work.
"It is related that Baseer Tousy was
well versed in the science of astronomy.
Many nights he Walked on the roof of
his house watching the stars. Vilhenever
he happened to discover the true posi-
tion of a planet or to locate the place of
a constellation he became so enraptured
with the joy of a new idea that he would
get' up and dance and sing, saying:
'Where are the kings? Where are the
monarchs of the earth? What is true
felicity? Let them come and see what
real happiness means, what ideal bliss
really is.'
"It is for this reason that Baha 'Ullah
in all his tablets has made it incumbent
upon all to study sciences and arts, en-
couraging everyone in the acquirement
of learning and a liberal education for
the eternal happiness of mankind lies
in these (things).
"Praise be to God that for the present
you are all well and happy! I have met
you and associated with you this hour.
You are living on the slope of Mount
Carmel, are near to the Holy Tomb of
the Bab, inhaling the fragrance of its
rose garden, are looking at the unique
103

