THE UNIVERSAL WORSHIP OF THE FUTURE
new civilization, and prepared a sixth part
of humanity for the developments and
reconciliations which later times will
bring. For Islam must be conciliated:
it can not be thrust scornfully aside or be
rooted out. It shares the task of the
education of the world with its sister re-
ligions, and it will contribute its eventual
portion to 'that far-off divine event to-
ward which the whole creation moves.' 
The new magazine, Aria, contains de-
lightful stories revealing the charm and
beauty of the lives of true Moslems.
"Mohammed, Her Conquerer," published
in a recent issue of this magazine is both
an exquisite story of a Moslem mother
and the spirit of the true Christian mani-
fested in the teachers of Constantinople
who helped her. In the December issue
of Aria are exquisite pictures of Moham-
medan mosques'and minarets as expres-
sions of an enduring beauty. Under one
of these Wonderful pictures are the words:
"God is great! God is great! God is
great! God is great! Five times a day,
from thousands of minarets, thousands of
'muezzins' call the Moslem world to
prayer. Five times a day the call echoes
through the East, from Africa to far-oil
China, and millions of persons, difierent
in race and language, but bound together
in the great unity called 'Islam', pros-
trate themselves before the one God. 
bear witness that there is no god but
God.' The voice of the muezzin, follow-
ing an ancient and beautiful melody, rises
and falls in minor cadences. bear wit-
ness that Mahomet is the prophet of God.
Come to prayer!' 
Each religion has its saints and its sin-
ners, its devils and its angels. By the
side of the divine Christ there walked
Peter the beloved apostle, and Judas, the
satan. A Christian missionary tells of
how some Mohammedan soldiers came
to the town where he was living and in a
frenzy of religious fanaticism massacred
Christian men and women. But imme-
diately, a Mohammedan man in that vil-
lage took into his garden eight hundred
of the little children left orphans and
homeless by the massacre and cared for
them like a true disciple of the Christ. A
l\/Iohammedan woman, in India had her
two hands cut off through a cruel mis-
carriage of justice. While she was being
275
tortured this woman prayed for her exe-
cutioner that God would forgive him for
he knew not what he was doing.
Baha 'Ullah and Abdul Baha, as they
lead the members of the different religions
up the vales of seclusion and prejudice
to the mountain top of brotherhood have
opened a glorious new era of understand-
ing between Christians and Moslems. The
Bahai-Moslems of Persia love the Christ
and read the Christians' Bible With the
joy of a newly discovered glory. The
Bahai-Christians are able now to appre-
ciate the sublimity of l\/lohamrnedfs
thought and influence. As Abdul Baha
has said: "All teaching of the prophets
is one; of one faith; of one divine light
shining over the world. Now, all people
should under the banner of the oneness
of humanity turn away from prejudice,
become friends and believers in all the
prophets. As Christians believe in Moses
so Jews should believe in Jesus. As Mo-
hammedans believe in Christ and Moses
so Christians should believe in Moham-
med. Thus, all disputes would disappear,
all would be united."
THE UNIVERSAL WORSHIP OF
THE FUTURE
IN all ages since man became a man and
realized the responsibility laid upon
him through the endowment of a soul
services of worship have been the foun-
tainhead of spiritual renewal. When re-
ligion is in flower and the outpourings of
the Holy Spirit are in springtime splen-
dor, public and private worship "maketh
all things new." The early Christian
meetings were divine festivals of glad-
ness. At their suppers the invisible Lord
was their guest and his light was radiant
in their hearts. These spiritual meetings
and the continual prayers of the early
Christians gave them the power to unite
diverse peoples and races and to breathe
a new life into the old Roman civiliza-
tion.
Today all over the world services of
worship are losing their spiritual vitality.
A thoughtful article by Dr. Francis E.
Clark in the Yale Reniezo accuses the
American people of going to church for

