STAR OF THE WEST 73
the spread of these principles. Now
there is a new page in the book of the
Divine Cause. Abdul-Baha has as-
cended, the Divine Heart broken over
the griefs of the world. But he has left
behind exquisite Tablets, calling upon
us to arise, illumine and quicken the
world. Sing songs of love, life and
light! Encircle the globe! Teach the
Cause!
"When Abdul-Baha ascended, he left
the door open that we may follow him.
We can find him now in each other.
'The reality of the Cause has not yet
appeared in America,' said Abdul-Baha.
'VVhen I come a second time, my coming
will be very different!'
"We are invited to become his tem-
ples; not as units, but in our unity, we
become his people. One drop of his love
will make us forget the self, forget the
whole world! How many people are
aware that they are one with their fel-
low man?
children of men! Do you know
why we have created you all from one
clay? That no one should glory over
his fellow men.' 'In the union of hearts
there am said Abdul-Baha. When
we love any soul more than self we have
attained to a degree of unity. Truly,
'The darkness of this gloomy night
shall pass away!' 
MONDAY EVENING.
Mrs. A. S. Parsons, presiding, read:
people, the doors of the Kingdom
are opened. The Sun of Truth is shin-
ing upon the world. The fountains of
life are flowing. The day springs of
Mercy have appeared. The greatest and
most glorious Light is now manifest to
illumine the hearts of men. . .. 
Mr. Harlan F. Ober, of Boston, said:
"We are gathered here in the spirit of
the investigation of Truth. All are
sharers in this effort and search. All
differences thus disappear as though
the whole World were under one tent.
We are emerging from a A
new language and capacity are neces-
sary. In the past we have thought in
terms of contrast and conflict. This at-
titude is an inheritance from deviation
and imitations. But those abreast of
truth keep in motion, acquiring a new
spirit and a. new consciousness. One
religionist, thinking his own faith the
only one that contained truth, has ac-
cused others of being imitators and
forgers. Yet it is the same light of
truth that shines in all. Even as when
a. wireless telegraph sends code mes-
sages, they are received everywhere by
instruments of the same vibration, so
uniformity of teachings in various re-
ligions are a sign of divine oneness.
"All the great teachers and all relig-
ions have been universal. Their aim has
been to lead men away from the limited;
Each of the peoples of the earth must
become conscious of reality. This is the
age of the annihilation of dogma and
of the diffusion of liberal thoughts. The
world's differences are being plowed up
in order to get results in new seed-
sowing. Judaism, renewed, will have
universal love for Christian and Chris-
tian for Jew. So will the Mohammedan,
his religion now all broken up and di-
vided, struggle for spiritual freedom.
A new spirit sways them all, and a new
urge toward the Spirit of Truth. Peo-
ple of every clime, race and creed find
themselves in the utmost love and at-
traction. In the cities poverty will give
way to real affluence. Crime will be a
thing of the past. These are fruits on
the tree of perfectunity. Poets, phil-
osophers and seers have caught this
vision in the past. But whereas in the
past one here and one there saw these
things foreshadowed, now there are mil-
lions of hearts in which these things are
expressed.
"Carmel, the Mountain of God, is
budding forth with a new civilization.
It is the plowing up of the new spiritual
earth and new shoots appear. A great
and universal consciousness will trans-
form the earth. When Abdul-Baha was
freed, a spiritual fire swept over Turkey.

