other portion, we begin to realize some-
thing of the significance of this Bahai
teaching. Thus for the first time, one
undeviating standard is available for
the guidance of religions, governments,
industries, education, science and art
alike, and that standard is the promo-
tion of the oneness of mankind. What-
ever promotes unity is of the universal
cause, -and will prove fruitful and en-
during; but whatever-prevents unity is
of the limited effects, and will be re-
jected by the Holy Spirit whose action
is predominant over all.
Another principle expressed by Abdul
Baha is that the fo-u-ndation of all re-
ligions is one. For by "foundation"
Abdul Baha means the manifestation of
the Holy Spirit, from which all the re-
ligions originally came. The Holy Spirit
is at all times one, though like the
spring season it comes and goes, for the
Holy Spirit is the expression of the will
of God, and God is not divided against
Himself, but the people of the world are
divided. It is this division of the peo-
ple which causes differences in the ef-
fects of the Holy Spirit from age to
age, for the Holy Spirit is perfect and
complete in itself, but enters the World
of humanity only according to the ca-
pacity of the time. It is an inexhausti-
ble ocean,_while the people are but small
vessels that quickly overflow. Thus
Moses, Christ, Mohammed, Buddha seem
different beings and founders of differ-
ent religions; but we see them in the
mirror of the world's division and not
in the light of the Holy Spirit. In that
light they are one being, one essence,
one cause, one power and one founda-
tion; and whatever they uttered is the
reality, which we have seized and
divided (interpreted) for our own gain,
as the soldiers seized and divided the
garments of Jesus. Abdul Baha has
said that when representatives of all the
world's religions have gathered for a
sincere investigation of the foundation
of religion, this will become manifest
166
and all the secondary, man-made fea-
tures of religion will utterly disappear.
Abdul Baha himself made no distinc-
tion between Jew or Christian, Hindu
or Mohammedan. To all alike his spirit
gave of its inspiration, and the accept-
ance or rejection of his ideal of unity
was not of the creed but of the soul.
A fourth principle which Abdul Baha
enunciated was that religion must be in
accorol with science and reason.
Now a person who is sick is limited
by that sickness both physically and
mentally, and he himself cannot over-
come those limitations except by attain-
ing health. In the same way there are
limitations which fall upon the under-
standing from sickness of soul. It is
spiritual sickness which permits a man
to possess a religion at all contrary to
science and reason. He may not realize
these limitations, but that is part of
the disease. These limitations shut out
the ray of the spirit, as a wall shuts out
the sun. So long as he remains in this
condition, the spirit shows forth only its
destructive power. Thus irrational re-
ligion does not andcannot become truly
predominant in human affairs. Even
the fanatic does not follow out his re-
ligion in all things, but his self-interest
or self-gratification is served in devious
ways. Without the Holy Spirit a re-
ligion cannot awaken the souls, but the
irrational religion gains influence over
material affairs through being itself
material. 
But this principle is binding upon
science no less than upon religion.
Abdul Baha summons the man of sci-
ence to spiritual religion as he summons
the man of religion to an appreciation
of science. If in a laboratory, by means
of certain elements, an important exper-
iment could be carried out- and thereby
great human benefits obtained, what
would We think of the person who,
though refusing to enter the laboratory,
nevertheless denied the possibility of the
experiment? Yet modern science for

