SIGNS OF THE TIMES 341
the consuming power of the community
so that the effective demand for goods
may keep pace with every increase of pro-
duction that arises from improvements in
art and industry; second, a Wiser distri-
bution of the products of 
From The Living Age, ]an. 20, 1923.
\/Ve are reminded of the saying of Baha
'Ullal1: "The best of people are they
who gain by work and spend for them-
selves and their kindred in the love of
God, the Lord of the creatures." Abdul
Baha also expressed as a moral law this
principle which Mr. Hobson's book shows
to be an economic law. One "teaching
of Baha'Ullah concerns the equality of
humankind; the readjustment of or equal-
ization of the economic standard of the
time, of the livelihood of mankind. For
the poor are in abject distress, in the
greatest need, and in the greatest mis-
fortune; and that is not right, that some
individuals should be enthroned in luxury,
in the greatest wealth, more than neces-
sary, and some in the lowest degree of
Want. This is not worthy of the world of
humanity."
God speed the time When we shall all
see that the moral and the economic law
are one and that both have been fully
revealed in the teachings of Baha'Ullah
and Abdul Baha.
"It will not be possible in the future,"
said Abdul Baha, "for men to amass great
fortunes by the labor of others. The rich
will willingly divide. They will come to
this gradually, naturally, by their own
volition. It will never be accomplished
by War and bloodshed. The ruling power
or government cannot treat the rich un-
justly. To force them to divide their
Wealth would be unjust. In the future,
proportionately, about three quarters of
the profits will go to the workmen and
one quarter to the owner. This condition
will prevail in about one century. It will
certainly come to Ten Day:
in the Light of Acca, page 
0- 
*Note: For a fuller explanation of the
Bahai economic plan see Star of the West
for December, 1922, and the chapter on
"Strikes" in Some Answered Questions,
published also as a separate leaflet by the
Bahai Publishing Society, Chicago.
"The critical question facing European
civilization is: How can we maintain in
comfort a dense population, crowded in
the narrow limits of our cold and sterile
Northern continent, and assure it liberty
and leisure to enjoy the higher blessings
of life?
"The answer is through the progress of
ethics and technics. Ethics can be n1as-
tered by the European through education.
. . . Technical progress, by multiplying
production and substituting machine la-
bor for muscle labor, can provide the
European with leisure and resources for
cultivating and developing his higher
cultural interests.
"Ethics solves the social question from
within; technics solves it from without. . .
"The ethical ideal is to make Europe a
community of saints; the technical ideal
is to make Europe a community of the
rich. . . .
"Ethics and technics are sisters. Ethics
rules the natural forces within us. Tech-
nics rules the natural forces without us.
Both seek to subjugate nature by spirit."
rom "Ethics and Technics" by Rich-
ard Kalergi in The Living /1 ge, jan. 20,
1923.
THE SPIRITUAL
RENAISSANCE
ALL over the world there is ringing
the cry for a spiritual renaissance.
We hear it from statesmen, journalists,
economists, and scholars. Unless a new
light, a new spiritual force, they tell us,
enters our civilization we cannot survive.
"All organizations," writes Roger Bab-
son, the well-known statistician, are fac-
ing "the same problem; viz., they are try-
ing to change the activities of men and
women without changing their hearts or,
speaking desires. This
is Why we have an uphill fight and always
will until the desires of people change. . . .
"What does permanently change the
desires of men and women? Only one
religion. This has always
been true throughout the ages and is true
today."
Hamilton Fyfe, the new editor of the
London Herald, England's Labor daily,
believes that nothing can avert disaster

