 GREAT SERVICE 343
GREAT SERVICE
Abdul Baha was in America
he said that America will advance
greatly. "It will lead other nations spirit-
ually, for its illumination is far-reaching
. . . but the greatness of every country
depends upon its hearing and becoming
obedient to the call of God."
"Praise be to God, the American gov-
ernment . . . is not founded upon warlike
doctrines. Hence it becomes this democ-
racy to uphold international peace and
spread it throughout the World. . . .
"His Holiness, Baha'Ullah, fifty years
ago spread broadcast his great movement,
proclaimed the benefits of international
peace. This took place at a time when
the thought was not in the minds of men
nor the word upon the tongues of the
people. At such a time he summoned
people from all parts of the Orient. He
addressed letters to the sovereigns of
Europe, setting forth the results to accrue
from the establishment of universal
peace. He invited all to participate in a
world's arbitral court of justice to be com-
posed of representatives from every gov-
ernment of the World the delegates there-
to to be chosen and ratified by the gov-
ernments. Thereto would be referred
disputes between nations for settlement.
In case any government or nation should
prove rebellious concerning any decision
of the court the other nations should
coalesce to force it into 
From a message of Abdul Baha published
in the San Francisco Chronicle, October
4, 1912.
"Now this American nation is a revered
nation and presents great and deserved
worthiness. I hope this fair government
Will stand for peace so that warfare may
not reign in the world, that the banner of
peace may be unfurled, and all nations
may be united together which is the
greatest attainment of the world of hu-
manity. It is equipped to accomplish
that which will surely adorn the pages of
history, to become the envy of the world,
and to be blest in the east and the west
because of its ad-
dress by Abdul Baha given in Cleveland,
Ohio, May 6, 1912.
THE COVENANT OF PEACE
From two Tablets of Abdul Baha to Ger-
man rierndr, quoted in the Diary
Letters of Shoghi Eflendi,
October 7 and 8, I919.
"The underlying foundation upon
which the Kingdom rests is love and this
must be securely established among the
friends and must be Widely spread so that
it may become the cause of the establish-
ment of the oneness of mankind. This
love must be so intensified among the
friends as to make of them true servants
of one another expending their Wealth and
sacrificing their lives for one another and
consecrating their being to the existence
of other souls. Then ye shall observe
how people will flock and gather under
the shade of the pavilion of the oneness
of mankind."
"Praise be to God! Thou hast given
up thy material comfort, . . . hast travel-
ed to Lubeck and hast instituted an as-
sembly. From the bounties of God I
hope that assembly may become a heav-
enly gathering, may promulgate the one-
ness of mankind so that the various peo-
ples and different races may all associate
with utmost harmony under the shade of
the pavilion of the oneness of mankind,
the hostile peoples of Europe may be
fused into one, the continent of Europe
may become one home, this horrible war
may lead to utmost union, harmony and
love among the different communities of
Europe, the monument of estrangement
may quake and the standard of affection
and unity be unfurled."
"You must rest assured," said Abdul
Baha to the Secretary of the New York
Peace Society, concerning the work of its
members, "and let there be no trace of
doubt in your souls that God is your as-
sister and helper. The Heavenly confir-
mations will descend upon you more and
more. God will protect you and will give
you new strength continually. Your
world-motives will conquer the world of
men; all obstacles will disappear before
your advance; no power can re-
sist the onrushing power of peace. For

