88 STAR OF THE WEST
world the glorious person of the Master is no more, a convincing testimony of
the potency of His ever-living Spirit.
Your brother and co-worker in His Cause,
(Signed) Snoem.
May I also express my heartfelt desire that the friends of God in every
land regard me in no other light but that of a true brother, united with them
in our common servitude to the Master's Sacred Threshold, and refer to me in
their letters and verbal addresses always as Shoghi Effendi, for I desire to be
known by no other name save the one our Beloved Master was wont to utter,
a name which of all other designations is the most conducive to my Spiritual
growth and advancement.
 
Letter from Lady Blomfield:
Gare of the Persian Colony, Haifa.
To the Editors of the STAR or THE Wnsr: Rizwan' 1922
Dear Editors: Bahaeyeh Khanum, the Greatest Holy Leaf, asks me to
enclose this letter from the family of Abdul-Baha, for insertion, so that, through
your columns, their heartfelt thanks, for the comforting sympathy shown to
them in their terrible bereavement, may reach all the friends,
With sincerest Bahai greeting and appreciation of your devoted service,
In His Name' samh Blomficld.
From the family of Sir Abdul-Baha Abbas, K. B. 
Allaho 'Abh.a!
Our very dear friends in America, through the Editors of the STAR. or THE WEs'r:
\Ve thank you most sincerely for your kind letters of sympathy, and we
appreciate your loving Messages, which are as comforting balm to our wounded
hearts.
It would be our Wish to answer each letter individually, but the shock of
our bereavement was so sudden, and the work to which we were compelled to
attend, was so overwhelming, that time failed us. Now, We wish you to realize
that your words of steadfast faith and love were our greatest solace throughout
the days of our grief, for we felt that you would each and all faithfully and
loyally strive to carry on the work for which the life of our Beloved Master was
spent.
W'e are more than thankful to God that He has not left us without a leader,
but that Shoghi Effendi is appointed to guide the administration of the Cause.
We hope that the friends of God, the beloved and the hand-maidens of the
Merciful, will pray for us, that We may be enabled to help Shoghi Effendi in
every way in our power to accomplish the Mission entrusted to him.
Sincerely your fellow-workers in the Service of Truth.
BAHIAEYEH KHANUM,
and the Family of Abdul-Baha.
(Haifa, Mount Carmel, Palestine. Feast of the Rizwan, 1922.)

