
The World needs more happiness and
illumination. The star of happiness is in
every heart, we must remove the clouds
so that it may twinkle radiantly. Happi-
ness is an eternal condition. When it
is once established, man will ascend to
the supreme heights of bliss. A truly
happy man will not be subject to the
shifting eventualities of time. Like un-
to an eternal king he will sit upon the
throne of fixed realities. He will b-e im-
pervious to outward, changing circum-
stances, and through his deeds and ac-
tions impart happin.ess to others. A
Bahai must be happy, for the blessings
of God are bestowed upon him.
"Every soul must strive to impart
to mankind that joy and happiness the
nature of which is permanent."

"This is the day of happiness. In no
time of any manifestation was there the
cause for happiness as now. A happy
state brings special blessings. When the
mind is depressed the blessings are not
received."
"Laugh and t.a1k, don 't lament and
talk. Laugh and speak."

"Laughter is caused by the slackening
or relaxation of the nerves. It is an
ideal condition and not physical. Laugh-
ter is the visible effect of an invisible
cause. For example, happiness and mis-
ery are super-sensuous phenomena. One
cannot hear them with his ears or touch
them with his hands. Happiness is a
spiritual state. But happiness is caused
either by looking at a beautiful picture,
or Witnessing a delectable panorama, or
associating with the person whom you
love, or listening to a good voice, or solv-
ing an intellectual problem. All these
are the motives of happiness, but the
real cause is spiritual."
"What is necessary is divine joy. Di-
vine happiness is the speaker of the
heart. . . . The soul of man must
be happy no matter where he is. One
must attain to that condition of inward
beatitude and peace; then outward cir-
cumstances will not alter his spiritual
calmness and joyfulness. 
From 1868 to 1908 Abdul Baha was
a prisoner in Acca, Palestine. His
teachings of universal peace and broth-
erhood were too far in advance of his
time. But as he said, "Every morning
when I awoke I praised God there was
another day to serve Him in His prison.
Every night I thanked Him that He had
permitted me to serve His Kingdom one
more day in His prison. I was in a
Turkish prison forty years but every
day was a day of perfect joy."
"My happiness," he said, "comes
from the Kingdom of Abha! My joy is
from the Delectable Paradise! My
health is gained through the rays of the
sun of Reality. My spirituality descends
from the world of lights. My enkindle-
ment is obtained from the Fire of the
Love of God. My attraction is vouch-
safed from the mainspring of all truths.
My life is maintained through the fra-
ternization of all mankind, the progress
of the Cause of God and the unity of the
friends."
A FORTUNE THAT BESTOWS ETERNAL HAPPINESS
Knowledge, Purity of Thought and Love
Talks given by Abdul Baha on Mount Carmel to a group of college students
during their summer vacation. Recorded and translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab.
happiness is found in purity
of thought. Whenever I look into
your radiant faces I am made most. hap-
py because your thoughts are pure. You
must live in such a manner that when-
102
ever I think of you I may be made joy-
ous whenever I behold your shining
countenances I may become happy;
whenever I hear good news of you my
heart may be filled with delight.

