then see how difficult it is for one to un-
derstand the Word of God."
What, then, is the real spiritual signifi-
cance of these prophesies about Christ 's
second coming? The explanations of the
great Bahai teachers, Baha'Ullah and
Abdul Baha. are so penetrating, so life-
giving that they open a new epoch in the
spiritual understanding of the Bible and
the sacred books of the world.
INTERPRETATION OF THE SYMBOLS
From the Words of Abdul Baha and
Bahcu'UlZah
"The announcement of the angels to
the people of Galilee that 'this Christ
will return in the same way, and that he
will descend from heaven' is a spiritual
message, for when Christ appeared he
came from heaven, although he was out-
wardly born of Mary. As he said, 'No
man hath ascended up to heaven, but he
that came down from heaven.' have
come from heaven, and will likewise go
to heaven.' By 'heaven' is not meant
the infinite phenomenal space but
'heaven' signifies the World of the divine
Kingdom which is the Supreme Station
and seat of the Sun of Truth. To be
brief: the mysteries of the Holy Books
are "many and require explanation and
elucidation. I hope thine insight will be
so opened that the divine mysteries may
become- manifest and clear."
thou who believest in the Spirit of
Christ, in the Kingdom of God!
"The body is composed, in truth, of
corporeal elements and every composi-
tion is necessarily subject to decomposi-
tion. But the spirit is an essence sim-
ple, pure, Spiritual, eternal, perpetual
and divine. He who seeks Christ from the
point of view of his body has in truth
debased him and has gone astray from
him. But he who seeks Christ. from the
point of view of his spirit will grow from
day to day in joy, in attraction, in zeal.
in nearness, in perception and in vision.
You have, then, to seek the Spirit of
Christ in this marvelous day.
"The heaven to which Christ ascended
is not infinite space. His heaven is the
kingdom of his Lord, the Munificent. As
he said, 'The Son of Man is in heaven.'
lt is evident, then, that his heaven tran-
scends the boundaries that surround ex-
istence and that he is exalted for the
people who adore him.
"Pray God that you may ascend to
this heaven and taste of this food. And
know that the people have not under-
stood even to this day the mysteries of
the Holy Scriptures. They believe that
Christ was deprived of his heaven when
he was in this world, that he had fallen
from the heights of his elevation and
that later he ascended to this elevated
pinnacle, that is to say, toward the
heaven which does not exist, for there is
only space. They expect that he will de-
scend from this heaven seated upon a
cloud. They believe that there is in the
heavens a cloud upon which he will be
seated and by which he will descend:
whereas the clouds are vapors which rise
from the earth; they do not descend from
the heavens.
"The cloud mentioned in the Holy
Scriptures is the human body because it
is a veil for them, which, like the cloud
prevents them from seeing the Sun of
Truth shining in the Horizon of Christ."
Abdul Baha.
Question: "Then you do not mean
this phenomenal heaven?"
Abdul Baha: mean the heaven
from which Christ descended and to
which he ascended--the heaven of divine
WVi1l, the heaven of spirituality."
Said Jesus: go and I come again.'
And in another place he said: go and
another will come who will tell you all
that I have not told you and will finish
all that I have said.' These two state-
148

