A VISIT TO THE BAHJE
297
. 
J.  

1
i
1


I
The Plain of Acca. The Bahje, a group of buildings which includes the last
home and the shrine of Baha'Ullah, is seen in the distance.
I will mention two experiences while
at Haifa, experiences of the inner spiritual
life which I shall never forget. One of
these experiences came from the extraor-
dinary privilege I had, while visiting the
Bahje or tomb of Baha'Ullah, of sitting in
the armchair in the chamber of Baha-
'Ullah, where Abdul Baha so often sat
looking out over the plains of Acca to
the sea. For just a minute I sat in this
chair, and for just that minute I was ab-
stracted. from all sensation and
lifted to the plane of the Kingdom. Such
a heavenly peace flowed about me as I
had never experienced before, not even
when in Abdul Baha's presence. It was
a feeling not only of peace but of exalta-
tion, as being above the distractions and
anxieties and dangers of this World.
Clearly I was on another plane of being,
though physically upon this earth. It
was such a wonderful experience that I
silently beckoned my wife, who was sit-
ting on the couch, to exchange places
with me. VVhile in the armchair, she felt
this same uplift and supreme happiness.
On the couch we both had, on the other
hand, merely the feeling of spiritual peace
such as belongs to this earth plane at its
best. Truly we had for that supreme mo-
ment rested with heavenly souls upon the
fields of God. No wonder that 
sing as they approach the moment of
their release from the cage of lifel
The other experience that I referred to
was that of beholding for the first time
the photograph of Baha'Ullah. As I
gazed upon his countenance, so massive
and so full of majesty and power, I felt
that adoration and devotion which led
men to become his humble followers while
he was a prisoner in a penal colony, and
which inspired these ardent followers to
spread his gospel throughout the World,--
"with a thousand longings sacrificing
themselves to the Eternal Beloved."
It was not a feeling of personal devo-
tion which swept over me. It was rather
an awe and worship of the majesty of the
law which Baha'Ullah personified. As I
looked into that Face I perceived the im-
port and power of that Message which
he brought for the healing of the nations.
I realized that his laws were divine laws,

