58 STAR OF
Abdul-Baha came just at the time they had
been arranging for the Convention. He said
that it was impossible for him to express
the sorrow the Bahais oi the whole world
felt because of this sad event, but he was
sure that all the Bahais were at the moment
watching the Bahais of India in this con.-
vention. He felt the presence of the Master
there and was sure that the Bahais would
rise equal to the hour and serve the high
teachings the Master taught.
The President said that as in Russia the
Bahais did not enjoy such liberty of thought
and expression as the Bahais of India en-
joyed under the British government, there-
fore, he was not a public speaker and that
it was the first time he had spoken in
public. Their Convention of the last year
bad very great results. It greatly strength-
ened the hands of the Bahais of Persia. The
Bohai News, which they started last year,
was regularly read by the Bahais of Persia
and infused a fresh life of service in them.
They were probably aware of this and knew
how the Bahais of Persia envied them and
how they yearned to come and work in their
midst. Some of them had already made up
their minds to come and serve the Bahai
Cause in India.
A resolution was passed in which it was
stated that the Bahais of India should -send
a resolution, signed by all centres, to the
bereaved family of the Master and publish
a brief biography of him with his photo-
graph to be sent to all the Bahais of the
world in this the hour of sad alfliction, as a
token of condolence.
Another resolution passed stated that at
least four Bahai missionaries should be
traveling in India for the whole of the year.
Mr. H. R. Vakil proposed the above resolu-
tion. Prot'. M. R. Shirazi in seconding it said
that Persia was full of learned and capable
Bahais and they could come to teacn the
Cause in India where the Bahai Movement
was badly needed. Over four million men in
India, he said, had heard of the Cause and
had studied it but they needed Bahai teach-
ers to confirm them. Besides, in a continent
like India, where all races and religions and
languages abound, they must work for racial,
linguistic and religious unity. He then pro-
posed the following resolution which was
carried:
"That every Bahai in India must educate
his sons and daughters in higher arts and
sciences and if unable to do so must inform
the Executive Committee of the Convention
which shall arrange for their education from
Voluntary subscriptions."
THE WEST
Mr. Syed Mustaia Ronmi then delivered an
address on the "Bahai Movement and its
Past Achievements" in the course of which
he said that the Bahai Movement stood for
the unity of all races and that this unity
was to come through the spiritual teachings
of His Holiness 
The proceedings terminated by a prayer
recited by Mr. Nash, a Persian Zoroastrian
Bahai.
LECTURES.
In the evening two lectures were delivered
under the auspices of the Convention in the
Sir Cowasji Jehangir Hall, Museum, amidst
a large gathering of ladies and gentlemen.
Principal A. L. Covernton presided. The
first lecture was delivered by Prof. M. R.
Shirazl on "The Bahai Movement" while the
second was delivered by Mr. A. Rangaswami
Ayer on "The Fundamental Unity of all
Religions."
Principal Covernton said that he had great.
pleasure to be present at the opening of the
Convention and listen to the opening lecture
of Prot. Shirazi, He had been personally
acquainted with the Bahai Movement and
was of the opinion that it could do nothing
but good to every one. Mr. Shirazi was a
pupil of his in former years and he found him
a keen advocate of the Bahai Movement and
he used to interview him on the subject
and invite discussion on it. From the prin-
ciples on which the Movement had been
based and from what he had read, it seemed
to him that it could do nothing but good
throughout the world.
Prof. Shirazi in the course of his lecture
said that the Movement was not a local
one, nor was it sectarian, and aimed at the
unity of mankind. At one time no two men
were united and each and every man was
against his own brother. But this Move-
ment was to unite them all and it had al-
ready begun to do so. This was the civiliza-
tion that the Movement taught. The people
knew there was something wrong because
of the distress in the world and that they
should investigate the disease in order to
cure it and remove the cause. That cause
was the hatred in the different nationalities.
The cure lay in the removal of this hatred.
Mankind and the whole world should be
one. He said there was no universal lan-
guage. The removal of religious prejudices
would enable the nations of the earth to
have one common language and that one
language should be taught in schools. He
then dilated on the unity of religions, na-
tions, and the unity of the whole work. He
then explained the teachings of Bans' ULL-AH
at length.

