rising waters of trouble that overflow
the earth. Let no one confuse that
which Abdul Baha utters with the spec-
ulations of philosophers and the dreams
of poets. He speaks of the Holy Spirit,
and. the Holy Spirit both creates and
destroys, and none can resist the power
of the Supreme.
For these principles are more than
so many channels of useful activity;
first and last they are signs and evi-
dences of the return of the Holy Spirit
to the world of men. As when a traveler
is crossing a barren and desolate land,
and he suddenly comes upon a broad
highway, lined with luxuriant trees, he
will follow that highway to the city of
refuge; so those who are traveling the
world of righteous endeavor, and are
weary and fainting at the oppositions
encountered both Without and 
when they come upon one of these prin-
ciples, and behold the power with which
it is informed and the majestic grace
with which it is offered, they will cer-
tainly investigate until they find its
source and cause; and the center to
which these principles lead from all the
horizons of city of ref-
uge where these spiritual highways end
--is the luminous heart of Abdul Baha,
that which has ever been called, and is,
the City of God.
FROM THE DIARY OF AHMAD SOHRAB
Written in Palestine During the Great War.
WHILE we were drinking our tea,
Abdul Baha came down and sat
at the door of the house speaking with
an Arab friend, Ahmad Eifendi Jerah.
He had been to dine with Saleh Mo-
hamad, and it was late at night when
he returned. Khosru preceded him car-
rying a lamp to light the Way, as it
was very dark. Some of the believers
were still waiting for him when he came
in. He asked them to wait for a mo-
ment, as he was longing to see them,
and then Went upstairs. In a short
time he descended, and we were all wait-
ing, many of us sitting on the "floor, as
there were not enough chairs.
"Wl1e11 people invite me alone to their
houses," he said, ask them to pre-
pare only one dish. Simplicity in food
is best. But when they invite others
beside me, I do not interfere with their
arrangements. 
Then he asked whether anyone had
come from Abou Senan.
171
"During the days of the Blessed Per-
fection," he continued, "When I got up
in the morning, the first thing I did
was to inquire about the health of all
the believers, one by one; and then I
called on those who were sick to see
how they were. If their indisposition
was slight, I cared for them myself;
otherwise I sent for the doctor. Then,
this duty performed, I Went to the
school and examined the pupils. To
those who were doing well I gave money
or gifts; others I encouraged to push
forward; Thus all the students who
were graduated from that school re~
ceived much praise, and were given
scholarships in Damascus and Constanti-
nop1e."
"In every undertaking, constant vig~
ilance and attention are necessary, for,
no matter how perfect an organization,
if negligence creeps in, it will little by
little lose its efficiency. If a piece of
farm la.nd is left to take care of itself,

