38 STAR OF THE WEST
science will be the handmaid of religion,
both showering their material and spir-
itual gifts on all humanity. In this way
the people will be lift-ed out of the quag-
mires of slothfulness and bigotry."
EDUCATION
Through a broad and liberal education
along scientific, material and intellectual
lines, balanced by a knowledge of man's
moral and spiritual duties and relation
to God, the Bahais believe that the sup-
erstitions of the past will disappear and
with them the prejudice and ignorance
which have always made for man's lim-
itation. '.l'he Bahai Movement stands
strongly for the freedom and education
of women, even going so far as to teach
that it is more necessary for parents to
educate their girls than their boys.
Women being the mothers and the early
teachers of the children of the race, it is
more necessary that they be educated
than men. In the Orient, where the con-
dition of ignorance and general degrada-
tion among the women is so widespread,
the condition of the Bahai women is so
far superior to that of the women in
general in the countries in which they
live as to be one of the clear demonstra-
tions of the awakening of these peoples
and their freedom from their former
religious institutions which denied edu-
cational advantages to women. Particul-
arly in the Moslem countries are the
women denied culture and education by
the established rule of theology, but now
through the dawn of this new day and
age all these limitations of the past are
disappearing before the light of Truth.
PEACE
Religious differences have been the
chief cause of warfare, while religious
sympathy and understanding have al-
ways made for peace and prosperity.
Prior to the beginning of the Bahai
Movement, little or nothing was being
taught or written about peace, arbitra-
tion, universal language, suffrage nor
other universal institutions. During the
past three-quarters of a century, how-
ever, the world has awakened to the
necessity for all of these institutions for
which the Bahai Cause stands; and now
the most enlightened people are realizing
that the lack of spiritual or religious
understanding, with the accompanying
lack of moral perception, is the real
cause of our human ills and the cata-
conditions through which the
world is now passing.
\Vhile ULL-AH's teaching was
ahead of the world of his day, the world
of today is realizing more and more the
value of that teaching. The supply and
the demand are now meeting, from
which better conditions will result.
The Bahais believe in a federation of
all the nations, both large and small, and
the establishment of a world parliament
for the judicial settlement of interna-
tional disputes. In treating of this mat-
ter of peace between the nations, Abdul-
Baha says:
tribunal will be under the power
of God, and under the protection of all
men. Each one must obey the decisions
of this tribunal, in order to arrange the
difficulties of every nation.
"About fifty years ago in the Book of
Alcdas, ULLAH commanded the
people to establish the Universal Peace
and summoned all the nations to the Di-
vine Banquet of international arbitra-
tion so that the questions of boundaries,
of national honor and property and of
vital interests between nations might be
decided by an arbitral court of justice.
"Remember these precepts were given
more than half a century ago--at- that
moment no one spoke of universal peace
of any of these principles, but
ULLAH proclaimed them to all the
sovereigns of the world. . . . . They
are the spirit of this age; the light of
of this age; they are the well-being of
this age."
SCIENCE AND RELIGION
The imaginations and superstitions of
the religious systems of the past, are
against common sense and science, for
these are but the thoughts of men of the

