through the Holy Spirit, therefore the
coming of the Manifestation of God to
the world of men corresponds to the
"day of resurrection" of which tradi-
tio11 never quite lets go. Moreover, be-
cause all men reveal their inner, spirit-
ual condition by their acceptance or re-
jection of the Holy Spirit, just as the
trees reveal their degrees of vitality in
the spring, the time of the Manifestation
likewise corresponds to the day of judg-
ment" so caricatured in the common
interpretation. But the spiritual "judg-
ment" is that which the soul renders
within and upon itself, through the de-
grees of its knowledge or ignorance. The
sun does not judge the tree, nor does God
judge any man.
Now the mystery of the Manifestation
of Godis this: that the Holy Spirit re-
veals to men their own true self, so that
in heading and obeying the Manifesta-
tion a man heeds and obeys his own
spirit which desires to awake and to pre-
dominate in him; and in rejecting and
persecuting those who reflect the Holy
Spirit, a man rejects and persccutes his
own reality.
This rejection of the Holy Spirit is
due to our being content with the exist-
ence We receive as a gift from nature,
without effort or thought of our own,
and our lives while they endure are as
the spending of a treasure we have not
earned, and the wasting of a substance
we cannot restore. Intent upon the sha-
dow, and habituated to the shadow, we
are repelled by the light, and relying
upon the being which nature temporarily
animatcs, We permit all our desires to
stay imprisoned in this narrow cage. No
death is more strait than the false life
of the body, and resurrection from this
death is resurrection indeed.
Now the power of the Holy Spirit is
directly evidenced in the life/it estab-
lishes Within the seeking soul, which
power has no likeness, equal or compari-
son; but the Holy Spirit, through a re-
flection and an indirect power, also pre-
dominates over the World's material des-
tiny.
For the sun which produces leaves and
buds in the living tree, likewise produces
decay a.nd consumption in the dead tree;
and the Holy Spirit evokes life Within
the animal soul of man as well as within
the spiritual, each man being aroused
and stimulated according to the nature
of his own predominant desire. There-
fore, in the day of the Manifestation,
humanity is stirred by invisible forces
which penetrate to its very depths. Dor-
mant or slumbering desires awaken and
inactive wills become active. Strange,
unwonted movements arise among the
people, spreading mysteriously like an
infection, some for good and some for
evil. The observer thinks that each of
these movements has a personal leader
who is its source and cause, but this is
not so. It is the mutual recognition of
like minds, and their grouping around
the point of greatest influence. Thus
those who are slaves suddenly receive a
vision of freedom; the downtrodden arise
with a new hope; the poor become dis-
satisfied with their poverty; the rich be-
come dissatisfied with their wealth the
basis of society, which is habit formed
by accepted standards of thought and
feeling, suddenly being swept utterly
away. The consequence is that those
who have power, influence, wealth, posi-
tion and authority begin to feel that this
is threatened with destruction. The grop-
ing of humanity for the new life and
light such people consider to be anarchy,
since it overflows the ancient channels of
custom and denies the barriers of tradi-
tion. Thus, if power, influence, Wealth
and authority are a man's highest desire,
he clings to it all the more frantically
the more its position is undermined.
During the days when their property,
influence and position were secure these
same people might have ruled, controlled
or taught with a certain apparent bene-
volence, but this is turned into savage
hate and violent oppression through fear
135

