as sight, hearing, taste, smell and touch
that the mind comprehends; Whereas the
spirit is independent. The spirit, as thou
observest, Whether it be in sleeping or
waking is operating and active.- Perhaps
it may, in a dream, solve an intricate
problem which has been unsolvable dur-
ing wakefulness. When the senses cease
to function the mind fails to understand;
and mind is totally absent in the embry-
onic stage and in infancy; whereas the
spirit is always in the utmost power. In
short, there are many proofs which show
that despite the loss of reason the power
of the spirit Still exists.
The spirit however possesses various
grades and stations.
As to the mineral spirit; it is an indu-
bitable fact that minerals are endowed
with spirit and life according to the re-
quirements of the mineral world. This
unknown secret has also become known
to the materialists who now maintain
that all beings are endowed with life,-
even as He saith in the Koran: "All
things are living."
In the vegetable world also there is
the power of growth and that power of
growth is the spirit. In the animal
world there is the power of sensation.
But in the human world there is an all-
encircling power. In all the preceding
kingdoms the power of reason is absent;
but the spirit manifests and reveals it-
self. The power of sensation does not
comprehend the spirit, but the power of
the mind proves the existence thereof.
In like manner the mind proves the
existence of an unseen Reality which
surrounds all beings and in each of the
kingdoms is made manifest and appar-
ent. But Its essence is beyond the grasp
of the mind. Thus, the mineral world
understands neither the reality nor the
perfections of the vegetable world; the
vegetable world does not understand the
reality of the animal world; nor can the
animal world comprehend the human
reality which discovers and embraces all
things.
The animal is the captive of nature
and cannot deviate from the laws thereof.
In man, however, there is a power
of discovery which grasps and breaks
through the laws of nature. For instance,
all minerals, plants and animals are cap-
tives of nature. The sun itself with all
its greatness is captive to nature to such
an extent that it has no will of its own
and cannot deviate a hair 's breadth from
the laws thereof. In like manner, all
other beings whether of the mineral, the
vegetable or the animal world,--not one
can deviate from the laws of nature nay,
rather, all are the slaves thereof. Man,
however, though his body is a captive of
nature yet his spirit and mind are free
and rule over nature.
Consider: according to the law of
nature man lives and moves upon the
earth. But his spirit and mind break
this natural law; he becomes a bird and
soars in the air, sails swiftly upon the
sea and, as a fish, dives to the bottom
and there makes discoveries. This is a
great defeat inflicted upon the laws of
nature.
So is it with the power of electricity:
this unruly, violent force that cleaves
mountains is imprisoned by man within
a bulb. This is rending asunder the
laws of nature. Likewise the hidden
mysteries of nature which according to
natural laws must remain concealed man
discovers and brings from the invisible
to the visible plane. This also is break-
ing the laws of nature. Man also dis-
covers the inherent properties of things
which are nature's mysteries. And he
unfolds past events which have been lost
to the world of nature. Furthermore,
he foresees through the power of induc-
tion future happenings which are accord-
ing to the laws of nature as yet unknown.
Moreover, communication and commun-
ion are by the laws of nature limited to
short distances, but man, through that
inner power which discovers the real-
ities of all things communicates from
East to West. This also is tearing
asunder the laws of nature. Likewise,
according to the laws of nature the
shadow vanishes, but man fixes it upon
a plate. This also is rending asunder
natural laws.
Consider carefully: all the sciences,
arts, crafts, inventions and discoveries
were once the mysteries of nature and
according to natural laws should remain
hidden but man through the power of
discovery breaks the laws of nature and
brings these hidden mysteries from the
197

