A LETTER FROM SHOGHI EFFENDI 299
booklet was prepared by Lady Bloomfield
and Shoghi Effendi, the beloved Guardian
of the Bahai Cause, and has just been
reprinted by the friends in England and
Stuttgart. It tells of the last days of
Abdul Baha on earth, how, little by little,
he warned his loved ones of his approach-
ing departure, how he left the world sud-
denly, on November 28, 1921, in perfect
peace. The little volume contains press
accounts of Abdul Baha's departure, ex-
tracts from addresses given at his funeral
and the thrilling appreciation of his won-
derful life and influence.
The little volume contains extracts
from Abdul Baha's last Will and Testa-
ment and ends with wonderful prophecies
of the divine civilization of the future and
the m.ost great peace which is, in this
century, to 'appear upon earth.
The Parsing of Abdul Baha, Bahai
Publishing Society, Chicago.
A LETTER TO THE. AMERICAN FRIENDS FROM
SHOGHI EFFENDI
TO the loved ones of Abdu'l--Baha throughout the continent of America,
Dear fellow-workers in the Holy Vineyard of Bahal
Now that my long hours of rest and meditation are happily at an end I turn
my face with renewed hope and vigour to that vast continent the soil of which is
pregnant with those seeds that our beloved Master has so tenderly and so pro-
fusely scattered in the past. Prolonged though this period has been, yet I have
strongly felt ever since the New Day has dawned upon me that such a needed
retirement, despite the temporary dislocations it might entail, would far outweigh
in its results any immediate service I could have humbly tendered at the Threshold
of Baha'Ullah.
I am now confident that the energies of my beloved brethren and sisters
across the seas, far from being damped by my sudden disappearance from the
field of service, will henceforth be fully maintained, nay redoubled in their intens-
ity, that We may all together carry triumphantly to the uttermost corners of the
world the glorious Standard of Baha.
Bereft of all news whatsoever during my hours of restful seclusion, I now feel
the more the thrill of the various tidings, few but indeed promising, that have
been awaiting my return to the Holy Land. The work of the noble Edifice that
the mighty hands of the All-Wise Master has reared in this world can suffer no
delay, nor can its foundations be made to totter, whatever the apparent obstacles
its enemies in their impotent wrath and despair may throw in its Way. We need
not wait too long, for already from various quarters there comes the news that
the awful promises of Abdu'l-Baha regarding the Covenant-breakers have been
strikingly fulfilled.
But it behooves us not to dwell for a moment on these doomed and darkened
efforts for the shining 1igl1t of the unfailing guidance is beckoning us to
more constructive service, to nobler and worthier achievements.
We have, not a long time ago, with tearful eyes commemorated the World over
the passing hour of our beloved Master. Would to God it has marked in our lives
which We all have consecrated to his service a fresh, solemn and unswerving reso-
lution of devotion and fidelity to his Cause.
Your brother and co-worker,
(Signed) Shoghi.
Haifa, Palestine,
December 16th, 1922.

