ni11c doors open to all sects and re-
ligions. "How Wonderful," they said,
"to find a religion which teaches that
all the World-religions are fundamental-
ly true and divine!"
The Chinese are just waiting for the
universal light of the Bahai Glad Tid-
ings. "China, China, China-Ward the
Cause of Baha 'U11ah must march,"
says Abdul Baha. "Where is that holy,
sanctified Bahai to become the teacher
of China! China has most great ca-
pability. The Chinese people are most
simple-hearted and truth-seeking. The
Bahai teacher of the Chinese people
must first b-e imbued with their spirit,
know their sacred literature, study their
national customs and speak to them
from their own standpoint and their
own terminologies. He must entertain
no thought of his own but ever think
of their spiritual welfare. In China one
can teach many souls and train and edu-
eateh such divine personages that each
one of them may become the bright can-
dle of the world of humanity. Truly, I
say, the Chinese are free from any de-
ceit and hypocrisies and are prompted
with ideal motives. Had I been feeling
Well I Would have taken a journey to
China myself!"
One day on Mount Carmel Abdul
Baha told of his plans to go to China in
the days of his imprisonment and exile,
of how he longed to travel to all nations
in the service of the Kingdom. But for
forty years he was a prisoner. He pre-
faces his story with these Words about
how Baha 'Ullah loved to describe the
glory of teaching:
"\Vhenever during his lifetime the
Blessed Perfection (Baha 'Ullal1) de-
sired to signalize anyone with his special
favor he encouraged him to go forth and
teach the Cause of God. When he spoke
to one of the pilgrims or wrote to a far-
off Bahai concerning the promotion of
the Cause, inciting the former and the
latter to arise and deliver the message
of the Kingdom everyone felt instinct-
ively that these souls were elected, the
185
chosen ones and that the glances Of
mercifulness had encircled them. it is
noteworthy to remark that most of the
general epistles of Baha 'Ullah, embrac-
ing comprehensive teachings and prin-
ciples are revealed in the names of the
teachers of the Cause. A number of rare,
spiritual souls having consecrated them-
selves to the promulgation of the glad-
tidings of the Kingdom were peculiarly
favored by him. Whenever their names
were mentioned in his presence his
countenance became all Wrcathed in
smiles. This was the most notable proof
and clear evidence of the favor and be-
stowal of the Blessed Perfection. When
he happened to discourse On' teaching
and teachers he Waxed most eloquent,
his Words inspired the hearts, his face
became radiant With the anticipated joy
of a humanity instructed in the laws of
God and the application of the laws of
nature, and his unquestioned, divine
authority filled the listeners with such
fiery enthusiasm for the promotion of
the Cause that they were ready to give
up their lives to execute his command.
He used to say that the teachers were
the Israfels of God who, with the sound
of their trumpets blow the spirit of life
into the dead bodies of mankind.
"One day, in the course of his talk,
he praised so much the lives and services
of the teachers of the Cause and ex-
pressed such high appreciation of their
unselfish lives that, although I Was a
prisoner,I said to myself: That I
might be confirmed in this Then I
thought I might go to Kashgar, one of
the provinces of China and a place not
visited up to that time by any Bahai
teacher. I was going to travel alone and
with no a handbag con-
taining a number of tablets and books
andcpapers and pens. I secured even
my passport; the old Mofti stood as my
guarantor. Wheii the crafty Motosarraf,
Ibrahim Pasha, heard about this he sent
his secretary to me with the message:
I have heard that your Excellency con-
templates taking a long journey. I will

