228 STAR OF THE 
some members are clothed in most costly
garments and some families are in need
of food and shelter. Why? Because
this family lacks the necessary reciproc-
ity and syinmetry. This household is
not Well arranged. This household is
not living under a perfect law. All the
laws which are legislated do not ensure
happiness. They do not provide com-
fort. Therefore a law must be given
to this family by means of which 3,11
the members of this family will enjoy
equal well-being and happiness.
Is it possible for one member of a
family to be subjected to t.he utmost
misery and to abject poverty and for
the rest of the family to be comfortable"!
It is impossible unless those members of
the family be senseless, atrophied, in-
h?5P1'Efll319, unkind. Then they would
say, "Though these members do belong
to our family let them alone. Let us
look after ourselves. Let them die. So
long as I am comfortable, I am honored,
I_am my brot-her--let him
die. _If he be 1n misery let him remain
111 S0 long as I am comfortable.
If he 1_s hungry let him remain so; I
am satisfied. If he is without clothes,
so long as I am clothed, let him remain
as he 1s. If he ,is'shelterless, homeless,
so long as I have a home, let him remain
in the wilderness."
Such utter indifference in the human
family is due to lack of control, to lack
of a Worlfing law, to lack of kindness
in its midst. If kindness had been
shown to the members of this family
surely all the members thereof would
have engoyed comfort and happiness.
His Holiness Baha/Ullah has given in-
structions reg'arding every one of the
questions confronting humanity. He
has given teachings and instructions
with regard to every one of the problems
with which man struggles. Among them
are (the teachings) concerning the ques-
tion of economics that all the members
of the body politic may enjoy through
the Working out of this solution the
greatest happiness, welfare and comfort
WFE1101113 any harm or injury attacking
the general order of things. Thereby
no difference or dissension will occur.
No sedition or contention will take place.
The solution is this:
First and foremost is the principle
that to all the members of the body
politic shall be given the greatest
achievements of the World of humanity.
Each one shall have the utmost Welfare
and well-being. To solve this problem
we must begin with the farmer; there
will we lay a foundation for system and
order because the peasant class and the
agricultural class exceed other classes in
the importance of their service. In every
village there must be established a gen-
eral storehouse which will have a num-
ber of revenues.
The first revenue will be that of the
tenths or tithes.
The second revenue (will be derived)
from the animals.
The third revenue, from the minerals,
that is to say, every mine prospected
or discovered, a third thereof will go to
this vast storehouse.
The fourth is this: whosoever dies
without leaving any heirs all his herit-
age Will go to the general storehouse.
Fifth, if any treasures shall be found
on the land they should be devoted to
this storehouse.
All these revenues will be assembled
in this storehouse.
As to the first, the tenths or tithes: We
will consider a farmer, one of the peas-
ants. We will look into his income. We
will find out, for instance, what is
his annual revenue and also What are
his expenditures. Now, if his income
be equal to his expenditures, from such
a farmer nothing Whatever will be taken.
That is, he will not be subjected to tax-
ation of any sort, needing as he does all
his income. Another farmer may have
expenses running up to one thousand
dollars We will say, and his income is two
thousand dollars. From such an one a
tenth will be required, because he has a
surplus. But if his income be ten
thousand dollars and his expenses one
thousand dollars or his income twenty
thousand dollars, he have to pay as
taxes, one-fourth. If his income be one
hundred thousand dollars and his ex-
penses five thousand, one-third will he
have to pay because he has still a sur-
plus, since his expenses are five thousand

