NEWS FROM BAGDAD 345
with the demands from the newspapers
and other bOdies for Bahai articles and
lectures."
The friends in India are working out
plans to give the glorious Bahai solution
of the world's problem to the multitudes
in India who are hungering for the mes-
sage of unity and peace. Seyid Abbas
Ally Butt of Rangoon in a letter to the
Star of the est, Writes: "The present
Turkish war and the end of their year
1340 A. H. which was the year of the
Coming of the Promised One according
to the computation of their Ulemas has
created a stir among the Mohammedans
and they crowd in numbers in our As-
sembly Hall and lively discussions are
held every week. We trust the spirit of
Baha'Ullah is moving upon the face of
the waters and ere long there will be light
and no darkness."
Professor A. Shirazi, of Karachi,
Editor of the Bahai ewr, which brings
to us each month most welcome news
from India sends us word that Abdul
Baha a week before his ascension asked
him to come to America, and that Shoghi
Effendi has repeated the same request.
Professor Shirazi has been delayed in
undertaking this journey because of the
invitation which he had sent out to the
All India Convention to meet in his city,
Karachi. Now that the Convention has
been accomplished, he plans, he writes,
"to leave for the Holy Land some day in
March and then to come to America for
a few months."
It will be a great joy to the friends in
America to meet this gifted Bahai scholar
and author who is well-known all over
India and to hear from him of the on-
ward march of the Cause of God in the
East.
A LETTER FROM BAGDAD
T0 The Star the Wart
BAGDAD, the capital of Irak, l\/leso-
potam.ia, and now under the occu-
pation of the British Government has a
population of nearly two hundred thou-
sand souls, of different religions, chief of
which are the Moslem--Sunnites and
Sheites, Iewish, Christian and Sabeite,
named in order according to their nu-
merical following. Amid them all there
live many scores of Bahais whose only
aim and purpose is the welfare of the
whole world of humanity. To spread this
great Cause there come from time to
time teachers from Persia.
The Spiritual Assembly of Bagdad
meets regularly once a week, led by Haji
Gahmood Ghassabchi, the firm friend
who has already spent hundreds of thou-
sands of rupees upon the repairing of
the Baitollah, the house in which His
Holiness Baha'Ullah lived during his resi-
dence in Bagdad, and who purposes so
to give, as the need arises. This weekly
meeting is held on Sunday nights in the
house of Dr. Nourollah, a Persian friend.
On Thursday nights, also, a public meet-
ing is held at which scores of Bahais
gather to listen to the chanting of the
holy Tablets and to receive the news
which has arrived from Haifa.
As regards communication with the
Holy Land the Bagdad friends have been
more favored than many other countries
for there is a regular air mail service be-
tween Haifa and Bagdad by means of
which letters mailed one day will reach
Haifa in two days, and scarcely a fort-
night passes but we receive an answer.
The Bagdad friends rejoiced to hear
the news of the unity of the American
friends and all together offer their best
Abha greetings to all the American
friends.
(Signed) I-Iedayatullah L. L., Secretary
of the Spiritual Assembly of Bagdad.
JENABE AVAREH IN ENGLAND
ENABE Avareh of Persia, the eminent
scholar and teacher, of whom Shoghi
Elfendi speaks in his letter to the friends
in Great Britain which is published in this
issue, has now arrived in England. Dr.
Lotfullah Hakim of Persia, who has spent
many years in England and Haifa, met
him at hfarseilles and accompanied him
to London.
Ienabe Avareh was called last summer
from Persia to Haifa, by Shoghi Effendi,
and now will spend some time in England
assisting in the spread of the glad tidings
in that great land.

