 a 0 We st
thou Star of the West! 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to rem-ain firm and
eternal, ere long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every
country and clime. Thou art the first pap-er 0-'i the Bahais which is organized in the
country of America. Although for the present thy sub-scribers are limited, thy form .
ll is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the Ob]6C't i
of the attention of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the 
faith who are firm in the -Covenant, in the future thy subscribers will become hos-_ts 
after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy arena W111
i become vast and spacious and thy voi.ce and fame will be raised and become world-
wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the w'orld of humanity. Yet
all these depend upon firmness, firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
ye apostles of BAHA my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the Star of the West, must be edited in the
utmost regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of God-
so that both in the East and West, they may become informed with the most import- 
1. ant events. (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
. a, i . 
Star of the West Committee>>-Convention of 1921
A Chas. Mason Remey, Chairman
Dr. Wm. F. Slater Albert Vail
Carl Scheffler Martha Root
Editorial Staff: Albert R. W.indust--Gertrude Buikema--Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi
Honorary Member: Mirza Ahmad Sohrab .
. TABLETS FROM i'
'i
7 eat A err. tools
VOL.13 21,1922) NO.1
Resurrection
Allaho Abha!
The year seventy-eight. of the Bahai era dawns.
A new phase of the Divine Springtinie is at hand.
The rolling away of the stone of sadness from the tomb of last year's
profound of the disappearance of the physical form of His Holi-
ness Abdul-Baha from this material Wor1d--wil1 come through the trumpet call
sounded in his last Will and Book of the Cooenam'.
And the arising of the united body of the Bahais with the chosen Head and
Guardian of the Cans-e~Shoghi fulfill the commands of God in this
great Book of the will be this new Resurrection.
In this issue of the STAR OF run we publish the last Tablet re-
vealed by Abdul-Baha, together with the first letter of Shoghi Effendi to the
Bahais of America.
The trumpet of the Covenant is sounding!
--'The Editors.

