A LETTER THE FRIENDS IN GREAT BRITAIN 329
Ere long, an able and experienced teacher recently arrived from Persia will
visit your shores, and will, I trust, by his thorough knowledge of the Cause, his
wide experience, his fluency, his ardor, and his devotion, reanimate every drooping
spirit, and inspire the active worker to make fresh and determined efforts for the
deepening as well as the spreading of the h/lovement, in those regions. His forth-
coming book, which he has laboriously written on the history of the Movement
and which has been partly revised by the Pen of our Beloved Master, is beyond
any doubt the most graphic, the most reliable and comprehensive of its kind in
Bahai literature. I am sure he will considerably enrich the store of your knowledge
of the various phases and stages of the Bahai l\/Iovement. Our beloved Dr. Essle-
mont will, I trust, be particularly pleased to meet him, as he is eminently qualified
to offer invaluable help in connection with various aspects of his (Dr. Esslemont's)
book. I am enclosing various suggestions of Mr. Dreyfus--Barney, and of l\/Ir. Roy
Wilhelm, made by them at my request, during their last sojourn in the Holy Land.
I submit them to Dr. Esslemont's consideration as well as to that of the Spiritual
Assembly.
I very deeply regret my inability to give the attention I desire to this admir-
able work of his, but will assuredly do all in my power to aid him in the final stages
of his work. I am certain, however, that the book as it now stands gives the finest
and most effective presentation of the various aspects of the Cause to the minds
of the Oriental as Well as that of the \Vesterner. May it arouse a genuine and wide-
spread interest in the Cause throughout the world!
I am now starting correspondence with every Bahai local center throughout
the East and will not fail to instruct and urge the believers everywhere to send
directly to their respective spiritual, local Assemblies the joyful tidings of the prog-
ress of the Cause, in the form of regular detailed reports, to the various Assemblies
of their spiritual brethren and sisters in the VVest. England, I am confident, will
regularly and consistently receive directly and indirectly through the Star of the
West and the Bahai aw: of India a large share of such tidings from Persia, Cau-
casus, Turkestan, India, Turkey and Mesopotamia, North Africa and Egypt. It
would be most gratifying and encouraging to all earnest workers for the Cause of
Baha'Ullah if every now and then a report on the spiritual activities of the friends
in Great Britain, as well as articles on spiritual matters could be submitted for
publication to the above-mentioned periodicals. It would, I feel very strongly, react
and very favorably on the Cause in England, and would serve to draw closer the
ties that bind all spiritual centers together at the present time.
I would be pleased and grateful if the members of the Spiritual Assembly
would at any time inform me of their needs, wants and desires, their plans and
activities, that I may through my prayers and brotherly assistance contribute, how-
ever meagerly, to the success of their glorious mission in this world.
To my extreme regret, I feel unable in view of my manifold and pressing
duties, and owing to the extraordinary extension of the movement in recent times,
to correspond with the friends individually and express to them in writing what
I always feel in the depths of my heart of brotherly affection and abiding gratitude
for their love and sympathy for me. I shall, however, await with eager expecta-
tion their individual letters and assure them of my readiness and wish to be of any
service to them in their work for the Cause.
Remembering every one of you in these hallowed surroundings and fervently
praying at the three sacred Thresholds that the blessings of the Lord may rest
upon your individual and collective efforts,
I am as ever your devoted brother,
(Signed) Shoghi.
Haifa, Palestine,
December 23, 1922.

