314 FROM BAHAEYEH KHANUM
the harmony among the nations. He
grants to the spirituality of the Orient a
great splendor in the Occident and
spreads the civilization of the West over
the East in order that the Orient and
Occident may embrace one another and
the World of humanity may obtain pro-fit
from all the divine bounties and favors
and great prosperity may be established
and the Divine Glad Tidings may be
spread.
Wle thank most cordially our revered
American friends who prepared every-
thing for the journey of this radiant and
revered lady to the East for the educa-
tion of the girls, and We hope that the
confirmations of His Holiness Abdul Ba-
ha, from his most glorious Kingdom Will
induce the friends of the East to service
and sacrifice for the friends of the West
in order that his Holy Spirit may be con-
tent and happy through this cooperation
and assistance, his blessed will may be re-
vealed and determine quickly the salva-
tion of the people of the World. All the
members, teachers and pupils of the Tar-
biat school send their unceasing thanks
and great joy to the dear American
friends for the arrival of this radiant and
revered lady who has come to take the
place of Miss Kappes Who ascended to
the Abha Kingdom, upon her be the
Glory of God!
Her holiness the Greatest Holy Leaf,
may our souls be sacrificed for her! in a
holy tablet has especially introduced and
recommended this revered lady to such
a degree that all the friends are desirous
and longing to serve her. We hope that
the important services and steps which
Miss Kappes took in the Way of the pro-
mulgation of knowledge and the moral
education of the Bahai girls of Teheran
may be matured and completed in the
time of this honored lady, and the girls'
Tarbiat School may, according to the de-
sire of the friends, reach the high point
of honor and improvement so that well
educated, learned and spiritual girls who
Will serve brilliantly the movement for
freedom and the progress of the Bahai
Women of the East may be graduated
therefrom.
In conclusion We beg most cordially
and heartily the powerful confirmation of
His Holiness Abdul Baha, may our souls
be sacrificed for his holy Shrine! for all
the dear American friends.
The Spiritual Assembly's Secretary,
Ali Akbar Rouhani.
Translated by Foad Rouhani, Oct. 1922.
FROM BAHAEYEH KHANUM
Haifa, Palestine,
_luly ll, 1922.
To the revered members of the holy
Spiritual Assembly in Teheran. May God
ever confirm and strengthen them, and
upon them be the Glory of God!
His Holiness Abdul Baha, may our
souls be sacrifices for his holy and radiant
Tomb! after the ascension of Miss Kap-
pes to the Abha Kingdom, gave instruc-
tions that one of the maidservants of
God in America be selected and sent to
Teheran to take her place. Therefore
they have selected and sent this faithful,
radiant and attracted maidservant of God,
Miss Coy. For nearly one month she
was in Haifa, associated with these long-
ing and sorrowful maidservants of God,
and she attained to visiting the holy
Tombs and Thresholds. Now she is
about to depart, under the protection and
care of God and, please God, she Will
reach Teheran safely. Certainly, all the
friends of God should be delighted and
joyful and will act according to their duty
in regard to Tarbiat School. Of course
every kind of recommendation and affec-
tion may be ordered by the Spiritual As-
sembly for the reception of this generous
and kind teacher Who, severed from all
save God and striving to attain to His
Will has left all her relatives and kindred
and has traveled from the West to the
East. Of course every sort of care and
attention will be shown her in order that
she may be engaged with a gladdened
and joyous soul and spirit in the educa-
tion and training of the girls in the Tar-
biat School, so that the means of ease
and comfort may be prepared on every
side, and this grieved heart may become
glad and upon you be the Glory of God
and His praise. (Signed) Bahaeyeh.
Translated by Foad Rouhani, Teheran,
Persia, Oct. 6, 1922.

