242 STAR OF THE WEST
When a woman has reached mature
years the life 'she has lived, the thoughts
she has cherished, have left an indelible
and unmistakable stamp upon her coun-
tenance.
In the background of my conscious-
ness persists the thought: "Yet there
were Armenian massacres and deporta-
tions. No matter what the exaggera-
tions the residual truth is bad, bad, bad.
And recently, even under the National-
ists, of whom we hoped so much, there
has been Who, then, is to
blame?
I am haunted by a phrase imperfectly
remembered, and unfortunately I can-
not verify it as I write--is it from St.
Augustine? Something about those who
have unbridled desires being smitten
"with certain penal blindnesses." In
all nations when those who control the
nation 's policies have "unbridled de-
for power, for territory, for
national aggrandisement, for wealth, for
revenge-*are they not always "smitten
with certain penal blindnesses?" They
cannot see, then, that "though they say
Allah and others say 'God' they both
mean the same Person." They forget,
then, that "He is the Father of us all
and He never meant us to fight."
reset
TWO SHINING LIGHTS OF ISFAHAN
By Jenabe Fazel Mazandarani
The following narration is written in the radiant picture language of the
Orient by the distinguished Persian historian and philosopher, Jenabe Faeel.
The Persian original appears in the Persian section of this issue under the
title: A Description of the Two Luminous Lights of The Most Glorious King-
dom, Their Honors, The King of the and The Beloved of The 
HESE two celebrated were
pure descendants of Mohammed in
body and soul. They were two fragrant
roses, of beautiful color, from his rose
garden and were named after his two
grandsons, Hassan and Hussein. Their
home was in the city of Isfahan, one of
the great cities of Persia. They were
distinguished from all others in excel-
lence, popularity and wealth and were
two shining stars in the heaven of the
Cause of His Holiness Baha'Ullah.
During the years 1844 and 1845 when
dawned the morning of Reality the
horizon of their race was illumined with
divine lights and was honored and fa-
vored with the garment of guidance.
In 1846 His Holiness the Bab, because
of the uprising of the learned men, was
banished by order of the government
from his native town, Shiraz to Isfahan.
Then those who were thirsty for the wa-
ter of knowledge and were seeking after
the truths of religion in that city, Is-
fahan, attained to their WlSl1 through
meeting His Holiness the Bab and were
satisfied.
One night Mirza Ibrahim, the noble
father of Hassan and Hussein, invited
the Bab to his house. Thus that place
became illumined with the light of his
presence and on that night showers from
the clouds of grace and bounty poured

