STAR OF THE WEST
THE SCIENCE OF THE SPIRIT
Abdul Baha's Wonderful Proof of Gods Existence
This tablet, one of Abdul Baha's last, was addressed to Auguste enri Forel,
Zurich, Switzerland, during the autumn of 1921
TO his honor, the esteemed and dis-
tinguished Professor, Dr. Forel.
Upon him be the Glory of God, the
Most Glorious.
He is God!
thou revered personage, lover of
Truth!
Thy letter dated July 28th, 1921 has
been received. Its contents were most
pleasing and indicated that, praise be to
God, thou art still young and searching
after Truth, that thy power of thought
is strong and the discoveries of thy mind,
manifest. . . .
By Inaterialists, whose belief with re-
gard to Divinity has been explained is
not meant philosophers in general but.
rather, that group of materialists of
narrow vision who Worship that which is
sensed, who depend only upon the five
senses and whose criterion of knowledge
is limited to what can be perceived by
the senses. All that can be sensed is to
them real, while whatsoever cannot be
sensed is either unreal or doubtful. They
even regard the existence of Deity as
wholly doubtful. It is as thou hast
written, not philosophers in general but
narrow-minded materialists that are re-
ferred to.
As to divine philosophers, such as
Socrates, Plato and Aristotle they are
indeed worthy of esteem and of the high-
19
est praise for they have rendered emin-
ent services to the World of humanity.
In like manner we esteem the material-
istic, scientific, moderate philosophers
who have rendered service. We regard
knowledge and wisdom as the founda-
tion of the progress of the world of
humanity and praise those philosophers
who are endowed with broad vision.
Read carefully the San Francisco Uni-
versity Journal that the truth may
become apparent.
Concerning mental faculties they are
essential properties of the spirit even as
the ray is an essential property of the
sun. The rays of the sun are renewed
but the sun itself remains ever the same
and unchanged. Consider how the hu-
man intellect develops and weakens and
perhaps entirely disappears, whereas the
spirit remains in one and the same con-
dition. The manifestation of mind de-
pends upon the soundness of the body. A
sound body has a sound mind. But the
spirit does not depend upon the body. It
is through the power of the spirit that
the mind comprehends, imagines and
works, whereas the spirit itself is a free
power. The mind comprehends the in-
tangible by the aid of the tangible; but
the spirit has limitless manifestations.
The mind is circumscribed; the spirit is
unlimited. It is through the senses such
5

