not be so disrespectful or discourteous
as to thwart your plan or in any way
hinder your departure but, as I am the
Governor of this province, I am respon-
sible to the central government for
everything that happens here. There-
fore, it will be but my official duty to
send a cable concerning your departure
as soon as you set your feet on the
steamer.' I was familiar with the for-
tuitous ways of oriental expression. So
I saw that this was a polite way of say-
ing: 'We will not let you go!' Hence
I deferred my departure to a more op-
portune time."
"China is the country of the future.
I hope the right kind of teacher will be
inspired to go to that vast empire to lay
the foundation of the Kingdom of God,
to promote the principles of divine, civi-
lization, to unfurl the banner of the
Cause of Baha 'Ullah and to invite the
people to the banquet of the Lord!"
(Words of Abdul Baha recorded and
translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab.)
THE MORN OF UNITY
From the ords of Abdul B,aha.
YE friends of God! The morn of
guidance is radiant and the hearts
of the people of faithfulness are like
unto a garden. The divine breeze is
blowing, the Spirit of God is manifest,
the faded hearts are quickened and re-
juvenated. . . . Turn your faces
toward the rose garden of God for,
verily, the fragrances of the Holy Spirit
are passing by. Gaze ye toward the
Kingdom of Abha for his Ancient Be-
stowal is descending. Look ye up to-
ward the Supreme Horizon for the Sun
of Hope is dawning. This bestowal is
one of the most particular gifts of this
great cycle for from its beginning to its
end it is the dawning place 'of the pene-
tration of the lights of the Ancient
Beauty. Therefore appreciate ye the
value of these times and let not the op-
portunity slip by from your hands, for
the zephyr of the morn of unity is blow-
ing and the rays of the Sun of Reality
are shining from all horizons of the uni-
verse With universal force. This cen-
tury is the beginning of all future gen-
erations. The standards of guidance
shall wave over all countries, yet. in this
186
period the power of confirmation is most
perfect and well nigh inexhaustible and
the lights of unity are irradiating from
the hearts of men. To take one step in
this day is equal to one hundred thou-
sand steps in the future and to inhale
one breath in this age is compared to one
hundred thousand breaths in the future,
for this is the beginning of the age of
grace, the time of the downpour of the
rain and the season of the heavenly
spring."
(To a friend in Tokyoz) thou
herald of the Kingdom of God! Thy
letter was received. A thousand times
bravo! for thy high magnanimity and
exalted aim! Trusting in God, and
while turning thy face toward the King-
dour of Abha, unfurl thou the Divine
Flag in Tokyo and cry at the top of thy
voice: ye people! The Sun of Real-
ity hath appeared and flooded all the
regions with its glorious lights. It has
upraised the standard of the oneness of
the world of humanity and summoned
all mankind to the refulgent truth. The
cloud of mercy is pouring, the zephyr of
Providence is wafting and the world of

