BAHAI CONGRESSES 279
BAHAI CONGRESS IN STUTTGART
THE Bahai Congress this year had an
international aspect for not only
from the near and far parts of Germany
and the neighboring states, but from al-
most all the continents representatives.
had come to the great Stuttgart meeting.
Thus the Whole Congress gained greater
momentum as Well as n1ore vitality and
variety. Yet such harmony, such amity
and such friendship, such communion in
the spirit of love and unity! The true
Bahai spirit, the spirit of Baha'Ullah and
Abdul Baha reigned visibly over the Con-
gress, as had been the wish of all the
visitors. It seemed as if heaven itself re-
joiced that in these confused and excited
times a little group of people of different
countries, nationalities, creeds and reli-
gions was sitting together in harmony and
was actually embodying the great prin-
ciple of the Bahai unity.
VVith the opening of the Bahai Con-
gress on Saturday afternoon the sun
which had been for weeks almost com-
pletely hidden shone radiantly down from
the skies and Sunday was bright and clear
as only few days have been this year.
Those were really beautiful days, sun-
shine without and Within. Joy and ha -

piness beamed from all faces. The
troubles and worries of our everyday life
vanished, at least for hours. The mate-
rial World which drags us down and
weighs upon us was forgotten. One was
living, so to say, in another World, in the
World as it is to be, when right and jus-
tice, love and peace, in the meaning of
the Bahai teaching will reign and when
men will remember that they are children
of one Father, leaves of one tree, drops
of one sea.
That there is an increasing interest in
the Bahai hfovement Was shown by the
good attendance at the public meeting
when the big hall of the Burgermusernn
was completely filled. Mrs. Alice Schwarz
spoke upon the origin and development
of the Bahai Movement and its princi-
ples and Mr. Vvlilhelm Herrigel on the
importance and necessity of the Bahai
teachings. The warm applause which
was given to these impressive and con-
vincing addresses by the attentively lis-
tening audience shows that the importance
and necessity of the realization of the
Bahai principles is recognized in the
world. There is something inspiring and
stimulating in large meetings. We are
brought together with all kinds of people,
exchange thoughts and rejoice when we
find a kindred spirit. V\7e are touched by
many a good word that we listen to in
conversation and addresses; we think
about it: the spoken idea perhaps calls
forth many others Within us and thus
enriches our inner life. At such times one
recognizes what great happiness it is to
be brought into contact With good people,
what true harmony of soul means and
into how firm a tie it can quickly bind
together people who had not met before.
'May each one of us in his own circle
be active in the path of our great Master,
Abdul Baha, in daily striving after his
example in the spirit of the all uniting
love; Then our life will not lack God's
blessing and the next Congress will show
that we have again taken a step forward
in the great Cause.--Translated from
Sonne der Wahrheit, by Kate Kempner.
 i
Miss Alma Knobloch, who has served
many years as a pioneer in heralding
in German cities the Bahai gospel of unity
Writes of the recent convention:
The second German Bahai Convention
held at Stuttgart, September 16-18, 1922,
was from all accounts a very heavenly
gathering. Fraulein Doring in her letter
says: "It Was as though the heaven of
happiness had opened and this World had
disappeared."
'Both the Orient and Occident were
represented at this memorable Conven-
tion held for the purpose of consultation
for the promotion of the Cause in Ger-
many, according to the wishes of His
Holiness Abdul Baha, and for the pur-
pose of electing the first National Spirit-
ual Board, as requested by Shoghi Ef-
fendi.
Letters received give glowing accounts
of the confirmation that descended, the
great spiritual blessings received, inspir-
ing the friends with neW zeal and enthu-
siasm. The Assembly has increased
greatly in number therefrom. All the
friends were unanimous in acclaiming it
a gathering never to be forgotten and all

