A STORY OF ABDUL BAHA 271
at least school himself to perform the
tasks which are within the range of his
endurance. If a man cannot qualify in
one of these two classes he becomes a
social burden."
This morning the Master sat for some
hours in the delightful warm sunshine.
Many stopped and talked with him. He
inspired everyone to be firm and calm in
these trying days. His cheerful voice
went straight to the hearts and caused
sad faces to smile and while
the warship was slowly passing before us.
At noon Sheikh Saleh took dinner with
us. He says he will not leave Acca until
he can take the Master with him to Abou
Senan.
In the afternoon we were all summoned
into the presence of Abdul Baha. Mean-
while the Commissioner of Police was
ushered into the room also. In the course
of the conversation Abdul Baha said:
"The citizens of a country are like the
various members and organs of the body.
So long as the brain and the nervous sys-
tem are coordinate in their functions there
will be no jar in the constitution. But
when they fall out of harmony great
disturbances become manifest. In like
manner, when the government represents
ideals of progress and justice the people
will advance and progress in their activi-
ties. Ideal cooperation will bind together
the hearts and strike at the root of pov-
erty for preventable poverty is a source
of all misery and evil. The rulers must
be filled with mercy and solicitude for the
condition of the unfortunates."
M- 
Because this is Christmas eve I can-
not entertain you better than to relate
to you some of the charming stories which
fell from the lips of the l\/Iaster this even-
ing:
"\Vhen I was in l\/Iazandaran child and enjoyed all the fun
and play belonging to that age. In our
town we had a man by the name of Aga
Raheem who was the overseer of our
shepherds. One day he came to our
house and asked my mother to let him
take me to a country barbecue to be giv-
en by the shepherds. After some urging
on his part permission Was granted, and
I was glad of the chance to take part in
an outdoor entertainment.
"Aga Raheem took me with him and
soon we were out in the country. He led
me through green valleys and beautiful
pastures till we reached the foot of a
lofty mountain. Here We had to walk
through a narrow defile and then by a
zig-zag road and with much difiiculty
slowly to ascend to the summit. When
We arrived at the top I was surprised to
find myself on a vast, verdant, table-land
which was no other than the pasture-land
of our cattle. I still feel the exhilarating
breeze which greeted my cheeks on that
clear day!
"Exclusive of horses and cows there
were about four thousand head of sheep
and goats belonging to us, while a few
thousand more were the property of other
owners. But all were grazing peacefully
on this broad plateau. It was a most
charming, ideal, pastoral scene and, from
afar, I could see many shepherds and
shepherdesses-. We rode on a few min-
utes longer and then, under a spacious
bower I was welcomed by some eighty or
more shepherds who were clamoring to
salute me. They were all dressed in their
best clothes for this was a gala day. To
me it was a noble and attractive sight.
"On that morning about fifteen sheep
had been killed and prepared in the cool-
flowing spring near by; then the shep-
herds had stuck them on long iron rods to
be roasted. Huge, spectacular campfires
were burning and while the sheep were
roasting the shepherds sang folk songs
and danced their charming peasant
dances. When noon came they all sat on
the green grass and feasted, with extra-
ordinary appetites, upon the well-seas-
oned, toothsome meat . . . . .
. .
"When evening drew nigh and the
hour of our leave--taking approached all
the shepherds gathered around us and
in their farewell speeches hinted that they
expected me to give them some gifts as
is customary with the landlords in these
parts. I asked Aga Raheem What it was
all about and told him that as I was such
a-little child they should not expect me
to make gifts and, moreover, I had
brought nothing with me. Aga Raheem
replied: 'This will not do. You are the

