292 CALL TO UNIVERSAL PEACE
"Bal1a'U1lah has /taught that religion
must be in accord with reason and science.
If religion does not agree With science
and reason it is superstition. God has
granted us reason so that We may com-
prehend the realities of things and adore
them. If religion is contrary to reason
and science then confidence (in religion)
is impossible. Where religion does not
create faith and confidence We cannot call
it religion; it is superstition. All religious
systems must agree With reason and sci-
ence so that the heart may obtain faith
and assurance. The religion-of God is
one, and for all. His Holiness Abraham
summoned the people to reality. His
Holiness Mohammed proclaimed reality.
His Holiness Christwfounded reality. Like-
wise, all the prophets were servants of
reality.
"Before God there is no Germany, no
England, no France, no Turkey. All these
people, before God, are equal. God did
not make these divisions. There is no
racial prejudice among animals. There
is no difference between an eastern and a
Western sheep, or dove. Europe is one
continent; it is not divided. But We have
created imaginary the
Montreal Gazette.
"l\/Ian has set up imaginary lines, only
to have these become causes of strife. A
river is made a boundary, one side called
France and the other Germany. The river
was in reality created for both. What a
superstition! An imaginary line to be-
come a cause of bloodshed!
"All this enmity and discord are the
fruit of ignorance and a lack of mutual
understanding. Become ye instructed, so
that all this may be banished, so that all
mankind may become united."
have come to America -to speak a
message of peace and good-Will to you.
You are a noble nation with a just gov-
ernment. I beg of God that this just
and fair land mayassist in Working for
the peace of the World. Let the people of
this young and noble nation assist in the
great movement for the peace and unity
of the world. Let the people light a
lamp that Will illumine the Whole uni-
verse. Let us put love in the hearts of
all the children of men. Let all mankind
labor for this, that the favor of God may
descend upon the Orient and Occident."
'--Fr0m The orztreal Daily Star.
II
SOME PRINCIPLES FOR
UNIVERSAL PEACE
From the given by Abdul Balm
it St. fame: Meth0dist.Clzurck,
September 5, I912.
??Ifeel a deep sense of joy in being
present at such a revered assembly.
Praise be to God, that I see before me the
earnest countenances of searchers for
reality, an evidence that the people long
to become acquainted with the eternal
verities. God created man and endowed
him with reason with which to reach val-
id conclusions; therefore, man must in all
pursuits investigate reality.
am greatly pleased with the people
of America, because they seek to know
the reality of everything. Their reason-
ing power is -ever actively engaged and
I find them independent investigators."
Abdul Baha outlined under six head-
ings the main points of the teachings of
Baha'Ullah:
1. "It is incumbent upon all humanity
to make an independent investigation of
truth; lack of investigation is the cause
of the creeping in of error and subse-
quent dissensions.
2. "The oneness of all humanity. All
mankind forms one great family and all
are immersed in the ocean of God's eter-
nal mercy. So long as God is kind to all
why should We be unkind, Why should We
not love all? Can We formulate a policy
superior to the divine policy? No, We
must emulate God, and if a soul is sick
give him a remedy. If one is ignorant
educate him, and if one has imperfections
strive to make these disappear.
3. "Religion must be the mainspring of
love in every community. N0 true re-
ligion can cause strife. If enmity arises
out of religion surely that religion's non-
existence is better than its existence.
4. "Religion must agree with science
and reason; if it does not it is merely
superstition. Reasoning ever leads us to
the verities of things.
5. "It is necessary that all prejudices
disappear. Religious, racial, sectarian,

