the dreamer; only used in general with
an apologetic reservation or linked with
their foster-sister Words utopia, mil-
lenium. And if these expressions are in
the mouths of all the people of the time
some cases of course only parrot
realities they signify
must truly be held in the hearts of many
men.
These words represent ideals, and
ideals Whether they are racial memories
of past perfections, or dim concepts of
a future state are always possible of
achievement--and that possibility is
near or remote according to the intensity
of our desire to achieve. Now with the
release of the great force, the cosmic
urge through the appearance of the
Manifestation the ideal is straightway
translated into a working platform for
the work-a-day World; made practical
rather than poetic--brought into actual-
ity out of -the dream consciousness of the
great Words love, unity,
brotherhood.
Furthermore the name of God and
such expressions as we have of God, Di-
vine Guidance, The Power of the Spirit,
the Holy Ghost, are no longer confined
to religious discussion, and are freed
from doctrinary taint. Not so long since,
at any rate in our Western world the
word God was rarely heard outside of
religious groups and orders entrenched
in a common understanding, except i11
theological argument.
SIGNS OF THE TIMES IN
PROF. JOHN DEWEY in his recent
book, "Human Nature and Con-
duct" shows that human nature can be
changed.
Prof. Elwood of Missouri University
comes to the conclusion in "Reconstruc-
tion and Religion" that what the World
Recently I came upon a letter from
the editor of a venerable American ma-
gazine, the "Atlantic to Ralph
Waldo Emerson. In this letter he tells
Emerson that the magazine has agreed
to publish a series of articles by Thoreau
and asks him to urge Thoreau to behave
himself and not write about God!
Heretofore your average man in casual
conversation used the name of the Deity
timidly, with self-consciousness, often
following it up with the eager assurance
that the First Cause or Primal Will were
acceptable synonyms. And how utterly
taboo was "Holy Spirit" or "Holy
Ghost," narrowed in the popular mind
to the Apostolic bounty.
All these Words for so long cloistered
and shut from common life have in this
day suffered a re-birth, become newly
informed with spirit, and their habitual
use in the time of this Revelation is a
manifestation of the divine breaths
brought into objectivity and given actual
form on this plane.
Yes, we must become increasingly
aware of all these indications of the
quickening of planetary consciousness.
But this awareness in no degree lessons
our responsibility as Bahais, rather does
it emphasize our responsibility to
sharpen and focalize this consciousness
to the most poignant of realizations, to
touch the very heart of the race to a
recognition of the source of this new
life.
CURRENT LITERATURE
needs is the actual living of what Chris--
tians profess.
"We want a new revelation in terms
of the new World's understanding. 
want light, "If Winter
Comes."
155

