How then can the Ancient be under-
stood by that Which is of late origin?
As previously mentioned, difference of
degree in the contingent plane is an
obstacle to comprehension. Minerals,
plants and animals are unendowed with
the mental faculties of man which dis-
cover the realities of all things. But
man comprehends all degrees. Every
superior degree comprehends that which
is inferior and discovers its reality, but
the inferior is unaware of that Which is
superior and cannot understand it.
Thus man cannot grasp the Essence of
Divinity but, through the laws of rea-
son, observation, logic, intuition and un-
foldment of consciousness he becomes a
believer in the Exalted Divinity and
discovers the divine bounties. He be-
comes certain that though the Divine
Essence is unseen and the existence of
Divinity is intangible yet conclusive
divine proofs establish the existence of
that Unseen Reality. However, the
Divine Essence as it is in itself is be-
yond all description. For instance, the
nature of ether is unknown but its ex-
istence is certain through the effect it
produces: heat, light and electricity are
its Waves. By these Waves the existence
of ether is proved.
When we consider the Divine Boun-
ties We are assured of the existence of
Deity. For instance, We observe that
the existence of beings is conditioned
upon the composition of single elements
and non-existence upon the decomposi-
tion of these elements for decomposition
causes the disintegration of the single
elements. Thus, as we observe, the ele-
ments become composite and with every
composition a being is formed. These
beings are infinite, that is, the effect is
infinite. Therefore, how can the cause
be finite?
Now composition is limited to three
kinds only--there is no fourth 
accidental, necessary and voluntary.
The composition of the various single
elements of beings cannot be accidental
for there can be no effect without a
cause. Composition cannot be compul-
sory for if the composition is an essen-
tial property of the constituent parts the
essential property of a thing cannot be
separated from it, such as light which
199
is the revealer of things, heat which
causes the elements to expand and the
solar ray which is the essential property
of the sun. Thus under such condi-
tions the decomposition of any composi-
tion is impossible for the essential prop-
erties of a thing cannot be separated
from it. The third (type of) composi-
tion remains, and it is voluntary (com-
position), that is, an unseen force
described as the Ancient Power causes
these elements to come together, every
composition giving rise to a distinct
being.
As to the attributes and perfections
such as Will, knowledge, power and other
ancient qualities which we ascribe to
that Divine Realty these are the signs
which reflect the existence of Being on
the visible plane and not the absolute
perfections of the Divine Essence which
cannot be comprehended. For instance,
when We consider the created beings, ob-
serve infinite perfections and see created
things in the utmost regularity and per-
fection, We infer that the Ancient Power
upon Whom depends the existence of
these beings cannot be ignorant. So we
say, It is All-Knowing. It is certain that
It is not impotent. It must then be All-
Powerful. It is not poor. It must be
All-Possessing. It was never non-
existing. It must be Ever-Existing.
Our purpose is to show that in naming
these attributes and perfections for that
Universal Reality we are merely denying
imperfections rather than affirming per-
fections which the human mind can con-
ceive. Hence we say His attributes are
unknowable.
In a Word, that Universal Reality with
all Its qualities and attributes which We
have enumerated is holy and exalted
above all minds and all understanding.
As we reflect, however, with comprehen-
sive minds upon this infinite universe
We observe that motion without a mover
and an effect Without a cause are im-
possible; that every being has come into
existence through many influences and
is continually acted upon. These influ-
ences also are subservient to the action
of still other influences. For instance,
plants grow and flourish through the
outpouring of the clouds of April, While
the cloud itself is formed through vari-

