324 BAHAI ORGANIZATION
of Justice. The wisdom of this is that
this world never moves for a long period
in one form. The House of Justice will
make laws applicable to the exigencies
and requirements of the time. Its mem-
bers Will not form institutions according
to their own judgment and thought. The
Most Great House of Justice enacts laws
and statutes by the power of inspiration
and the confirmation of the Holy Spirit
and is under the protection of God."
"About fifty years ago in the Book of
Akdas, Baha'Ullah commanded the peo-
ple to establish the universal peace, and
summoned all the nations to the Divine
Banquet of International Arbitration, so
that the questions of boundaries, of na-
tional honor and property and of vital in-
terests between nations might be decided
by an Arbitral Court of justice; and that
no'nation dare to refuse to abide by their
decisions. If any quarrel arise between
two nations, it must be adjudicated by
this International Court and be arbitrat-
ed and decided upon like the judgment
rendered by the judge between two
individuals. If at any time any nation
dares to break such a treaty, all the other
nations must arise to put down this
rebellion."
"Again consider organization and de-
composition, existence and non-existence.
Every being is composed of many differ-
ent constituents; the existence of every-
thing is the expression of organization.
That is to say, when by divine genesis,
organization of certain elements occurs,
a being is produced. All existent beings
are after this fashion. But when a defect
appears in that compound, and decompo-
sition sets in, the parts separate and that
being disintegrates and becomes n0n-ex-
istent. Thus annihilation of things is an
expression of their decomposition and
disintegration. The affinity and organiza-
tion of the elements make possible the
of the West, Vol. 6,
page 68.
"Many an assembly will be organized
Whose members will be representatives of
different nations, tribes and peoples . .
This is through the effect of the \/Vord of
God. If all the powers of the world
should convene they could not organize
an Assembly like unto these assemblies."
--~Sta1' of the West, Vol. 6, page 71.
"The Universal Court of Arbitration
is the only body that will resolve all the
disagreements and contentions that arise
between the nations of the world. Extra-
ordinary exertion must be put forward
by the civilized governments to organize
such an influential international organiza-
tion, before which all their quarrels may
be arbitrated. What better plan can be
conceived by man? What harm is there
in of the West, Vol. 5, page
16 .
"All the Governments of the world
must be united and organize an Assem-
of the West, Vol. 7 page 82.
ye heavenly ones! Organize ye
spiritual assemblies. Lay ye the founda-
tion of union and accord in the world.
Destroy ye the fabric of strife and war
from the face of the earth. Construct the
temple of oneness, harmony and agree-
ment. Enkindle ye the li_ght of the realm
of the oneness of humanity. Open ye
your eyes Gaze and behold ye the other
world. The kingdom of peace, salvation,
uprightness and reconciliation is founded
in the invisible world, and it Will by de-
grees become manifest and apparent
through the Power of the Word of God."
of the West, Vol 5, page 129.
want you to be organized like a flock
of the doves of heaven, whose attitude
and conduct toward each other is a sym-
bol of that unity which will take place
among human beings, when human be-
ings shall become willing to accept the
guidance of the Holy of the
West, Vol. 3, No. 4, page 29.
"One of the great teachings of Baha'
Ullah relates to international peace. He
founded and taught this principle fifty
years ago in the Orient. He proclaimed
universal peace among the nations. 
summoned the people to establish uni-
versal peace among various religions. He
organized peace among many races, com-
munities and sects. At that time he wrote
epistles to all the rulers and kings of the
world and summoned them to cooperate
with him in spreading these principles,
saying that humanity would not attain
composure and rest save through uni-
versal peace. And he practiced the
principle in of the West,
Vol. 6, page 81.

