PROGRESS IN RELIGION
The Question of Evolution
BY ABDUL BAHA
of the most universally dis-
cussed topics of the day is the sub-
ject of evolution. Modern science has
revealed the immensity of creation and
the countless ages of its development
with such a wealth of evidence that a
new universe is opened before our aston-
ished vision.
In the following comprehensive ad-
dress given by Abdul Baha at the
great Annual May Festival of the Amer-
ican Unitarians in Boston, May 22, 1912
he explains the foundation principle of
the new age, "The Independent Investi-
gation of Truth" and applies the prin-
ciple of evolution to progressive revela-
tion in religion, to spiritual brotherhood
and to the divine dynamic in the re-
construction of the world. The address
is as follows:
Consider ye that all the created beings
are in motion for motion is the sign of
life and immobility is the sign of death.
Every created thing that you see moving
it is alive. And every created thing that
you find not moving is dead. All crea-
tion is growing and evolving. It never
ceases.
Of the creations of reason one is
religion. Religion must be moving and
day by day must grow and evolve. If
it remains motionless it becomes de-
cadent and declines for the bounties of
God are continuous. Inasmuch as the
bounties of God are continuous religion
must be growing and evolving.
Consider carefully that all aifairs
have been renewed because this illu-
mined century is the century of the re-
newal of all things. Sciences and arts
were renewed. Industries also were in
Wonderful fashion renewed. Laws and
ordinances were renewed. Conduct and
customs were made new. Thoughts be-
came new. The sciences of the past cen-
turies are today fruitless. The laws of
past centuries are fruitless. Old cus-
toms are useless. For this century is the
century of miracles. It is the century of
the manifestations of reality and com-
pared to the past centuries is like the
sun. Consider for a moment the sciences.
The arts and sciences of past centuries
are they fruitful today? The laws of
ancient they useful to-
day? Or the ordinances of the despot-
ism of ancient a-ges--are they fruitful
today'? It is evident that not one of
them has any fruit.
Imitations that have emanated from
imaginations and are not in accord with
the foundations laid by the prophets of
it possible today for these imita-
tions to give any benefit especially to
people of intellect and science--for they
see that these imitations are not in con-
formity with reality and science; nay,
rather, they are superstitions. Therefore
the materialists have in their hands a
great excuse for their opposition to re-
ligion.
The divine prophets have established
the true religion and from these imita-
tions they are completely free. Nay,
rather, they have spread divine knowl-
edge, have given intellectual evidences,
up-built human character, and promul-
gated the virtues of the world of human-
ity. The foundations laid by the proph-
ets are the cause of the life of mankind.
They became the cause of illumination
of the world of humanity. But, alas,
that all their teaching was entirely
changed and altered. The realities that
the prophets, with calamities and suf-
fering, have spread ab-road were lost
through imitations. Every one of the
prophets endured calamity and tortures
with super-~human endurance. Some of
them became some were exiled
99

