240 STAR OF THE WEST
cling on horseback came out to greet us
and question us in the friendliest fash-
ion. After a little talk one of them
went to the horses and from the saddle
bags took three round loaves of bread,
which he brought and gave to us. A
little thi11g that may seem to the Amer-
ican reader, but to one who has lived or
traveled in the interior of Asia Minor
during the past few years, when bread
is so difficult for anyone to obtain, it
was not only an act of gracious hos-
pitality, as it was meant to be, but a
hospitality that involved real sacrifice.
One might meet a similar courtesy in
traveling in America, but it would be
very rare, and still rarer if it involved
the very real sacrifice which was present
in that wayside offering of precious
bread in a barren land.
One day a large sheet of note paper
bearing in beautiful script an invitation
to the Americans toattend prayer serv-
ice for their Was brought to
the Personnel House at Kaisereyeh. The
prayer service Was for Women only so
on the afternoon appointed three of the
American women went at the appointed
hour to the house designated for the
service. There We were received by the
hostess and conducted to seats facing
the small draped table, at which later
the reader would officiate. Ranged about
the room were perhaps thirty or forty
Turkish matrons and from their bearing
it was plainly to be seen that the serv-
ice was a solemn one for them. Pres-
ently there came a tall Woman with a
beautiful, serene face Who took her place
at the draped table and laid her Quran
thereon. For perhaps an half hour she
read, or rather intoned in a low, rich
chanting voice, passages from the sacred
book. I knew too little Turkish to be
rable to follow very closely the passages
she read, but I was told afterward that
they were in the nature of praise for
the faithful dead and consolation for the
living mourners. Several of the Women
present had lost husband, son or broth-
er in the war which was even then be-
ing waged between Turk and Greek.
Following the reading a girl or perhaps
ten or twelve years old, dressed in white,
recited with great fervor and dramatic
effect a patriotic Poem. She carried a
flag in her hand and motioned toward
it dramatically from time to time during
the recital. Without any understand-
ing of the language the tenor of the
recital would have been clearly evident,
as was the fervor of the child dramatist
and of the group of listening women.
The scene was not different in essentials
from scenes enacted in our own land on
countless occasions during the World
War, dilfering not in essentials from
scenes enacted in any land in time of
national stress.
At Angora We had the good fortune
to be able to visit the Turkish Parlia-
ment, the Great Assembly of Anatolia
as it is officially designated. It was just
after the Greeks had retreated along
the Sakaria River from Within about
eighteen kilometers of the Turkish cap-
ital, Angora, back to the railroad at
Aifium-Kira-hissar. The Turkish Gen-
eral was presenting his report of that
battle to his masters, the Great As-
sembly. It Was a most dramatic scene
and as the narrative neared its glowing
peroration I felt that I was 
surely this was not Turkey nor a Turk-
ish General speaking-surely not! This
was some patriot in one of the great
nations of the World! Listen! "Vile are
not fighting a civilized nation. We are
fighting barbarians. They are the ag-
gressors--they have invaded our home-
land and have ruthlessly laid waste the
burning villages and corn
and mistreating Women and children. 
At this a low, angry growl from the
listening deputies. "Our soldiers are
facing a foe many times greater than
they in number, but their love for their
homeland and their faith in Allah have
steeled their arms." Surely this is not
the "unspeakable listening
deputies, the orator, seem like human
beings, actuated by the same motives,
experiencing the same emotions that
men everywhere experience i11 such cir-
cumstances! Their foes are aggressors
and barbarians--they are pure and 110-
ble patriots. The same thought, almost
the same Words, echo in every Legisla-
tive Hall in the world When the nation
is at war.
And with incident after incident that
crowds to my memory of the fervor of

