weather there was dry and delightful, I
did not feel at home. In this room, the
room of the Blessed Perfection, I feel
happy and composed. Nowhere else do
I feel so joyous and happy as in this
room. Here, here I realize the peace of
the spirit!"
Luncheon was served and Esmael and
I found ourselves at the table. The
Master said; "Hast thou read 'Vahye
Koudek' (the little revelation"? It con-
tains many prophesies concerning events
in Acca. It is a Wonderful book. Mirza
Yagoub, who 'Was a good Jewish Bahai
brought it to me. If you can get this
book you Will enjoy its contents."
Esmael did not eat the food cooked by
the Bahais so the Master with his su-
preme attention to all details had ordered
a dish suitable to his taste. "We let
everyone enjoy -freedom of conscience."
he said. "lWe have no prejudice."
THE sroar on THE MISER or BALSORA
The Master often tells us stories about
the misers of different countries. Here
is one of them:
Once upon a time there was a mer-
chant in the city of Balsora. His name
was Reza. Although he was very wealthy
he was the most close-fisted, narrow-
hearted man that ever lived in his town.
For avarice and penuriousness he had be-
come a proverb among his 
Through his stinginess he made his fam-
ily suffer hunger and starvation.
In his office he had a clerk to Whom
he paid a very small salary. This clerk
had a large family and though he prac-
tised the greatest economy he could not
make both ends meet. Often he dreamed
of a raise in salary, but in vain. At last
an idea flashed into his mind and gave
him hope that surely there would be a
raise soon. There was but one more
Week before New Year's day and the
poor clerk thought that if he gave a pres-
ent to his master he would undoubtedly
reciprocate and increase his salary.
Hence. on that very day he Went to the
market, b-ought the head of a sheep,
cooked it in his oven and carried it on a
tray to the house of his master. The
week passed Without any sign and fin-
ally, on New Year 's day he called at the
house of the merchant to wish him hap-
piness. He was most hopeful, and an-
ticipated a bright future.
Vilhen he entered the room the mer-
chant greeted him effusively. This made
him more hopeful still.
thank you very heartily," the mas-
ter said to his clerk, "for the gift you
sent to our house. It saved us a great
deal of expense, I assure you. Vile have
been feasting on it for the past Week.
The first day We ate the ears; the second
day, the eyes; the third day, the skin of
the head; the fourth day, the tongue; the
fifth day, the meat; the sixth day we
cleaned the bones and on the seventh
day We ate the brains.
The clerk was so disgusted with this
exhibition of stinginess that he left him,
and left the town, and sought his fortune
elsewhere.
After travelling for several years and
acquiring experience as Well as riches
he returned to his native city and opened
a business of his own. One day as he
was walking through the main street his
atteiition was attracted by a most pala-
tial residence. He peeped through the
gate and beheld a most beautiful garden.
He finally inquired from one of the many
servants lounging about Whose house this
was.
"Art thou a stranger?" they asked.
"Not exactly."
"Well, how is it that thou dost not
knovv that this is the house of Kareem,
the son of Reza?"
gasped the former clerk,"What
the father hoarded the son is spending!"
--and disappear ed through the crowd.
ANOTHER INCIDENT REGARDING ESMAEL,
THE JEW
This morning Abdul Baha called us
into his room. Esmael, the cw, was
also present. The Master was in a jovial
mood and asked Esmael whether bread,
151

