STAR OF THE WEST 25
Likewise, Kurat-ul-Ain, Who is celebrated in all the world, When she be-
lieved in God and was attracted to the} divine breaths, ttorsook her two
eldest sons; although they were her two eldest children, because they did not
become believers, she thereafter did not meet them. She said, "All the friends
of God are my children, but these two are not. I Will have nothing to do with
them."
Consider! The Divine Gardener cuts off the dry or Weak branch from the
good tree and grafts to it (the tree) a branch from another tree. He both
separates and unites. This is that which His Holiness Christ says: that from
all the World they come and enter the Kingdom, and the children of the King-
dom shall be cast out. (Matt. 8: 11, 12). Noah's grandson, Canaan, was de-
tested in the sight of Noah, and others were accepted. The b-rothers of the
Blessed Beauty detached themselves from Him, and the Blessed Beauty never
met them. He said: "This is an eternal separation between you and me."
All this Was not because the Blessed Beauty was despotic, but because these
persons, through their own actions and Words, deprived themselves from the
bount.ies and bestowals of the Blessed Beauty. His Holiness Christ did not
exercise despotism in the case of Judas Iscariot and His own brothers, but
they separated themselves.
In short the point is this: Abdul-Baha is extremely kind, but when the
disease is leprosy, What am I to do"? Just as in bodily diseases We must prevent
intermingling and infection and put into effect sanitary laws, because the
infectious physical diseases uproot the foundation of humanity; likewise one
must protect and safeguard the blessed souls from the breaths and fatal spiritual
diseases, otherwise violation, like the plague, Will b-ecome a contagion and all
will perish. In the early days, after the ascension of the Blessed Beauty, the
center of violation was alone; little by little the infection spread, and this was
due to companionship and association.
emmaawamwa. 43,13, 'Md
(Translated by Mrs. Hoagg, Ali Mohammed Bakir and Rouhi after the
ascension.)
Letter alccomlpany-ing above message. A
Haifa, Palestine,
January 24, 1922.
My dear Corinne (True):
The enclosed Tablet is one that the
beloved Master wrote shortly before his
ascension, but did not sign. The origi-
nal is being sent to Roy Wilhelm, but
you Will find that Shoghi Effendi has
affixed the seals of the Master to the
original in Persia and also put a note
that explains itselfhoped that this
heart-breaking appeal of the Master
will not have been in vain; that his call
to the firm ones to protect the Cause for
Which. he lived and suffered, will awaken
them to the realization of what pro-
tection" means. Can any one longer
feel that because the Master was loving
and kind to his enemies, even the Naka-
zene, that anyone else can do as he did?
It is very clear that o-ur duty is to obey
his commands regarding this and no
longer play With fire. You who have
been here know how strict the Master
was concerning the association with the
violators of the Covenant here. Yet I
have seen Badi 'Ullah and his family
in the house of the Master. He was the
law-maker and could break his own
law; but we are his flock that must be
protected. I do pray that all the people

