STAR OF THE WEST 
aries mind.' The Syrian thinks the
greatest problems and difficulties are
those of his country. The Egyptian
raises the same complaint about his
own land. The Italian laments the dif~
ficulties following the war. The Swiss
stresses the economic trials of his land.
The German feels that some misfortunes
have b-efallen him. France thinks the
Frenchman, has great troubles indeed;
while the Englishman is plaintive on
account of the labor troubles and lack
of employment.
"Abdul-Baha says: 'God created the
world; man worked out the boundaries.'
N0 one in the world today, except the
Bahai who has the universal, selfless
mind, can see without prejudice. He
has no interest save the happiness of all.
"When one reaches Haifa and meets
Shoghi Effendi and sees the workings
of his mind and heart, his wonderful
spirit and grasp of things, it is truly
marvelous. Our world boundaries must
fade!
"Rouhi Effendi, brought up with
Shoghi Effendi, says of him: 'Shoghi is
wonderful. He retired' at 3 a. m. and
arose at six. Once he Worked forty-eight
hours without food or drink. His effort
is to overcome differences between races
and nations. There is the greatest re-
sponsibility on each one in laying out
one's own actions. First of all must
we straighten ourselves out. This is
true of nations as well as individuals.
Thus we can be effective in guiding
others."
The speaker reported that Hyppolyte
Dreyfus-Barney, who has passed a year
and a half teaching in China, has ex-
pressed high praise of the Chinese civ-
ilization and good morals.
Mrs. Florian Krug, of New York, was
the last speaker: "This is a supreme
moment, when the heart is so full of
love that words cannot express. I was
a guest at the home of Abdul-Baha at
the hour of his ascension. He so veiled
the knowledge of his passing that we
did not know it until the very hour.
Abdul-Baha toward the end looked so
very tired, but Rouhi said he was Well.
He sometimes walked in his own garden
and gave to the Krugs his own room.
There was a sweetness about him be-
yond expression. His power of love was
overwhelming. To Mirza Hadi, the
father of Shoghi Effendi, he gave in-
structions to have Sho-ghi Effendi return
from a journey in time for the funeral.
This afterward explained why Mirza
Hadi, who felt the responsibility of
keeping the secret, appeared so dejected.
Delegations in their trappings of gold
and blue were continually calling upon
Abdul-Baha. He was teaching and
joking with them. But one day he told
the gardener at the Holy Shrine of the
Bab that he felt very tired. He be-
stowed great love up-on the Greatest
Holy Leaf and upon Khosro, who in
childhood and youth has served the
Cause of God in the holy household. At
the time of the ascension the house was
full of guests for the wedding of
Khosro.
"At the time of the ascension, Dr.
Krug, hastily summoned to the bedside,
said: 'Pray! Our beloved Master has
ascended!' Agonized women surrounded
the body. The temple was as
beautiful as ever except that those lum-
inous eyes were dark. He had ascended
to the Realms of Light. Who, that ever
loved him, would Want him to return?
The Greatest Holy Leaf did not think
of her own grief, but comforted others.
The shock was terrible. Yet through it
all was the deep consciousness that there
is no such thing as death. Now we must
take up our responsibilities. We must
be selfless channels so that his glorified
spirit can use us."
Mrs. Krug, in conclusion, gave a
graphic and powerful description of the
funeral of Abdul-Baha, the oflicials and
dignitaries that took part in honoring
him, the eloquent eulogies that were
delivered by the representatives of va-
rious religions and the mass of weeping
and moaning humanity, to the number

