332 PRAYERS REVEALED BY BAHA 
my Lord, my Adored One and my
Desirel
Lowly and suppliant, I implore Thee to
shield me from the evil of the ungodly
and to withhold me not from the shade
of the Sacred Tree, nor from the Voice of
Thy Pen of Glory. I testify that the Day
is Thy Day and the Cause is Thy Cause.
I beg of Thee by Thy Straight Path and
Thy Wondrous Message, graciously to aid
me to glorify Thy Cause amidst Thy ser-
vants. Thou art powerful to do as Thou
willest, there is none other God but Thee,
the Protector, the Self-Subsisting.

God, my God! Thou beholdest Thy
servants in the abyss of perdition and er-
ror; where is Thy Light of Divine Guid-
ance, Thou the Desire of the world!
Thou knowest their helplessness and their
feebleness; where is Thy Power, Thou
in Whose grasp lay the power of Heaven
and earth!
I ask Thee, Lord my God by the
splendour of the Light of Thy lovingkind-
ness and the billows of the Ocean of Thy
Knowledge and Wisdom and by Thy
\/Vord wherewith Thou hast swayed the
peoples of Thy Dominion, to grant that I
may be one of them that have observed
Thy bidding in Thy Book. And do Thou
ordain for n1e that which Thou hast or-
dained for Thy trusted ones, them that
have quaffed the Wine of Divine Inspira-
tion from the Chalice of Thy Bounty and
hastened to do Thy Pleasure and observe
Thy Covenant and Testament. Thou art
powerful to do as Thou willest, there is
none other God but Thee, the Al1-Know-
ing, the All-Wise.
Ordain for me by Thy Bounty, Lord!
that which shall prosper me in this world
and hereafter and shall draw me nigh un-
to Thee, Thou Who art the Lord of all
men, there is none other God but Thee,
the One, the Mighty, the Glorified.
Lordl Pitiful are we, grant us Thy Fa-
vour; poor, bestow upon us a share from
the Ocean of Thy Wealth; needy, do
Thou satisfy us; abased, give us Thy
Glory. The fowls of the air and the
beasts of the field receive their meat each
day from Thee and all beings partake of
Thy Care and Lovingkindness.
Deprive not this feeble one from Thy
wondrous Grace and vouchsafe by Thy
Might unto this helpless soul Thy Bounty.
Give us our daily bread and grant Thy
increase in the necessities of life; that we
may be dependent on none other but
Thee, may commune wholly with Thee,
may walk in Thy Ways and declare Thy
Mysteries.
Thou art Almighty and Loving and the
Provider of all mankind.
A PRAYER REVEALED BY ABDUL BAHA
Remove not, Lord! the festal board
that hath been spread in Thy Name and
extinguish not the burning Flame that
hath been enkindled by Thy unquench-
able Fire. Withhold not from flowing
that Living Water of Thine that murmur-
eth with the melody of Thy Glory and
Thy Remembrance and deprive not Thy
servants from the fragrance of Thy sweet
Savours breathing forth the perfume of
Thy Love.
Lord I Turn the distressing cares of Thy
holy ones into ease, their hardship into
comfort, their abasement into glory, their
sorrow into blissful joy, Thou that
holdest in Thy grasp the reins of all man-
kind!
Thou art verily the One, the Single, the
hlighty, the All-Knowing, the All-\Vise.
A Prayer by Abdul Baha, translated by
Shoghi Effendi.

