STAR OF THE WEST 13
God. He worked to serve God, yet by
serving God he served mankind. From
his early childhood until his 64th year
he was an exile and a prisoner; yet the
light 0-f his life and teachings reached
and pentrated to- the far corners of the
eart.h. For forty years Abdul-Baha was
a prisoner in the fortress of 
held there by tl1e Sultan of Turkey for
no other reason than that his teaching
was bringing enlightenment and free-
dom of thought to all who came within
the radius of its power. With the fall
of the old despotic regime of Turkish
government and the establishment of a
constitutional rule, which occurred in
the summer of 1908, Abdul-Baha was
liberated from prison, and became free
to come and go as he willed. During the
summer and fall of 19'11 he visited Eng-
land and France, where he spent some
months in teaching; and in 1912 he spent
eight months in America, traveling and
teaching from coast to coast, visiting
many cities and towns where he had
friends and where there were those to
listen to his explanations of religious
questions and seeking that vitalizing
spiritual force which so characterizes his
presence.
Upon this tour, in both America and
Europe, the pulpits of many Christian
churches of various sects and cults, in-
stitutions of learning', and the platforms
of philosophical and humanitarian move-
ments of various types sought Abdul-
Baha and welcomed his message of the
Oneness of the \V0rld of Humanity. The
people who heard him were rejoiced by
the spirit which he radiated, and those
who ca.me Within the field of his spiritual
love and power, were strengthened and
inspired.
Abdul-Baha had the power of really
penetrating the souls of men, of under-
standing the needs of each individual
soul, and of ministering to them in the
most beneficial manner. He was the
spiritual physician of humanity. Many
beautiful and touching incidents are re-
lated, in the East of the way in which,
through long suffering and kindness, he
won the hearts of those who, because of
their prejudices, formerly were his ene-
mies. Oaring for the sick and protecting
the oppressed formed a large part of his
daily duties. One of the titles applied
to him in the Orient was "father of the
poor."
Abdul-Baha's power was that of love.
In going into his presence something
within one 's soul seemed to respond to
his soul. Thus a spiritual bond was
made which was most far-reaching, for
it was of the nature of divine love and
always remained with one. Through his
life and example, he taught people the
life and the way of the Kingdom. He
had a message for every one, and as one
met and contacted with him in spirit it
was as if a. new force were added to
one's nature. The power of the love
of God was brought very close- to those
who came in contact with Abdul-Baha.
From many countries people of dif-
ferent beliefs went to Abdul-Baha to
receive spiritual help, and upon leaving
him returned to their various homes to
share with others the joy and assurance
of his spiritual message and to follow
in his path of service. He was the per-
feet life, and as the people contacted
with him they found in him the center
of this spiritual light of this new day
and age. From that center was flowing
the regenerative Bahai spirit, which is
making things anew, re-establishing re-
ligion, reviving faith in God and uniting
humanity in the one universal brother-
hood of God's kingdom.
On November 28th, 1921, his glori-
ous service finished in the body, he
ascended to the Kingdom of Abha,
leaving a Will and Testament--The Book
of the C'0oemmt--in which he appointed
his grandson, Shoghi Effendi Rabb-ani*
present on page 17 the first ines-
sage of Shoghi Effe.ndi to the American
Bahais.--The Editors-.

