a fraction of that sum total, given in
the spirit of unity, would have obviated
most of those expenses by which taxes
are consumed, while in addition increas-
ing vastly the means of producing more
wealth by all and for all. Abdul Baha
is he who has voluntarily shared Wealth
in all its forms and degrees, and this
spirit is silently but rapidly leavening
the world.
Thus when it is more clearly realized
how disastrous separateness is, particu-
larly in the larger fields of politics and
industry, we shall behold unparalleled
examples of self-sacrifice among the
great and the small alike; and this es-
sential condition having been fulfilled,
relief and comfort will result. For the
more powerful arts and sciences are not
yet in manifestation, being withheld in
the treasury of the spiritual kingdom,
which can never be exhausted. Mean-
while, Wealth is being forced from those
who will not share it, and the old world
is everywhere passing away. Yet far
from condemning wealth, Abdul Baha
makes its attainment - through useful
labor a specific advice; but the object
of its possession is the promotion of the
unity - of mankind. By considering
wealth as a talent on the material plane,
the principle becomes clear. It is not
the inequality of talents or possessions
which produces injustice, but the spirit
of separateness, in the poor as well as
the rich, in the ignorant as Well as in the
learned. Inequality is the essential
foundation of love, for no one can st-and
alone.
Another principle strongly empha-
sized by Abdul Baha is the 
of an international ataasilia-ry Language.
As the nervous system is one through-
out the body, and coordinates all the
organs and limbs, so the body of hu-
manity requires one universal language
and writing to be learned by all people
it-. addition to the mother tongue, which
shall serve to interpret the needs, unite
the interests and consolidate the pur-
poses; and multi-language is the paraly-
169
sis of the body of mankind. Those who
have concern for human welfare and
progress will surely give this subject the
attention it deserves.
But the principle by which Abdul
Baha is most Widely known, and for
which he has been most extensively
quoted, is that of universal peace. The
assurance that this is the century of
universal peace, the age of the elimina-
tion of warfare, the day of the most
mighty moving of the spiritual waves
and the full illumination of the sun of
righteousness--this assurance is Abdul
Baha's steadfast covenant with those
who follow him.
Today, the disaster of warfare is a
net thrown over the whole of humanity,
like the net thrown over a gladiator
about to be slain. None can emerge
from this net until all emerge. But the
very fact that there is no escape for one
save through escape for all, and the
overwhelming danger of the present sit-
uation, brings the consciousness of the
oneness of humanity nearer day by day.
Therefore this enveloping calamity is a
result of the presence of the universal
Holy Spirit--feared as a net of death by
those who view it with personal eyes,
yet seen to be a garment of divine pro-
tection by those who view all things in
their spiritual light.
For the effort to avoid universal War-
fare is binding the minds and hearts of
those who have been separate during -all
of history's te11 thousand years. It is
creating the great agencies and institu-
tions of the future humanity; it is de-
stroying all agencies and institutions
whose purpose is to keep humanity di-
vided and enslaved. Consider how the
world's two most powerful kings have
lately been overthrown and their em-
pires rent asunder; and the full toll of
inveterate ambition and greed has not
yet been taken.
Therefore the indifferent are becom-
ing mindful, and the activities of all
humanitarians are finding a common
channel and a unified expression. But

