within himself the silent notes, and
where he could not invoke masterful
music he left the instrument to less sen-
sitive hands.
Not in quantity of Work, not even in
what the world calls quality, therefore,
does the essence of literature lie.
Shakespeare surpassed other men merely
by combining in himself certain quali-
ties other men share among themselves.
There is no one elment in Shakespeare
not manifested since his time by many
poets. He possessed no notes beyond
our capacity severally to possess. But
where all minds are dumb, he is dumb.
What all men seek, he also sought, with
an inquiry more poignant, more insist-
ently phrased. The essence of litera-
ture consists in its power to reveal.
Sl1akespeare's revelation is the perplex-
ity of human life When actuated by mo-
tives resident in the personal, the outer
layer of thought.
So much it is desirable to say by way
of approach to the writings of Baha
'Ullah. By minds limited to the cus-
tomary closed circle of experience, these
Writings can be read over and over with-
out understanding. The supreme bene-
fit of reading them, indeed, is to learn
merely how they are to be read. A life-
time might well be spent pondering
them word by word, if real understand-
ing came pure and full at the end. For
in Baha/Ullah we have a mind Whose
response to the infinite creative impulse
begins precisely where the "literary"
effort stops. Apparently, Baha'U]lah
has not that masterful intimacy with
"life" itself for the revelation of a new
dominion over the generations. The
truth is, however, that Baha'Ullah, tak-
ing "life" for granted, stands outside
"life" itself for the revelation of a new
motive. He does not sound the Shakes-
pearian notes, because he sounds the
notes that have been silent in us all.
No comparison between Baha 'Ul1ah and
other writers is possible. The closest
similarity to Ba.ha'Ullah's Writings are
the utterances of Jesus. By those who
love them Jesus' utterances are not com-
parable With literary productions. They
are absorbed into the yearning spirit as
from a source deeply hidden Within,
that the spirit may be re-actuated and
transformed.
But there is a subtle distinction even
here. Jesus' message was that to the
infinite power surrounding our con-
sciousness an infinite response can be
made. Jesus made himself the Waxy for
human experience to travel-every pain-
ful furlong of the Way, from the birth
of the spiritual child into the indifferent
flesh to the resurrection of the spiritual
man at the hands of the flesh furious at
its own threatened subordination. Thus
the words of Jesus are the manifestation
of the Christ-the power of men to re-
spond infinitely to the infinite power of
God. But Baha'Ulla.h's message does
not repeat the message of Chi-ist_it
completes that a e. Whereas
Christ planted his words as seeds within
the soul, Baha'Ullah's writing fertilizes
those seeds as by the shining of the sun
in spring. He manifests the surround-
ing, controlling Infinite of universal
spirit just as Christ manifested the re-
sponse on the part of consciousness to
that Infinite control. Christ was Reli-
gion working up to its source through
the painful experience of reluctant hu-
manity; Baha'U]lah is Religion self-
subsistent, unchanging, the beginning
as well as the end of the \Vay.
Thus in the writings of Baha'Ullah
there is an influence not dwelling else-
where in literature or philosophy. That
influence permeates and proceeds from
a literary and philosophic form, but the
power of the influence well-nigh shat-
ters the cup of speech. Here is Truth,
in distinction to facts; Reality in dis-
tinction to logic; immovable Power in
distinction to emotion. Our categories
and our systems fail to contain this writ-
ing, as engineers would fail to dam the
sea. Our critical faculties even prevent
us from approaching its outpouring ef-
fect, for its very purpose is to create
106

