face." Ios lifted his eyes and looked
long on the King's face, then meekly
bowed his head and went out from his
presence and went alone into exile.
Time passed and the Prince's con-
science gave him no rest. He saw how
his Father grieved for Ios, and at last
he heard that Ios was dying of a broken
heart in his lonely hut far away. Smit-
ten With remorse he threw himself at his
Father's feet and confessed to having
killed the swan. The King in great grief
sprang up and cried out, "Take me to
los." And when he came in haste to
THE BAHAI CAUSE AND
A CHINESE student connected with
the Peace Conference in W.asl1i11g'-
ton, D. C., last February attended a
Bahai meeting and asked questions with
intense interest. At the close of the ses-
sion he said: "This is the b-est religion
of which I have heard." Another
Chinese student, whose family are lead-
i11 the new China, read the Bahai
literature with great enthusiasm. "This
is just What the new China needs," he
said. "Confucius taught duties to
princes. But how are-We to teach the
ethics of Confucius to the people in a
Republic Where there are no princes?
Today We need a universal ethics in
China, something modern and something
to unite the religions."
"When I was a little boy," continued
this student, "my dear old grandmother
in China used to take me on her knee
and say, 'Some day, in the golden age,
the good and wise Confucius will come
back to earth.' I do believe if my grand-
mother were living now she would say,
'Abdul Baha is Confucius come back to
earth!' 
184
the hut he found him dying. He rushed
to him, clasped him in his arms, kissed
his brow, his lips, While his tears rained
on his face. "Oh, Ios, my servant, my
Beloved, thou must not leave me; I love
thee, thou hast sacrificed thy life for
my son." And Ios, lying in his arms,
gazing upon his face exclaimed; die
in Paradise upon Thy Breast, my
King!"
(These stories of los were -told by
Abdul Baha to Lua Getzinger and are
here transcribed from memory by May
Maxwell.)
THE CHINESE PEOPLE
This same Chinese student read Abdul
Baha's "Paris Talks" with enthusiasm.
He read them in the morning and their
radiant sentences filled his heart with
the joy of loving-kindness. But about
four in the afternoon, after a hard day 's
study, he became irritable, ready, he
said, to strike anyone Who disagreed
with him. Then he would sit down and
read again the "Paris Talks." They
filled his heart with such love that he
could be kind and gentle to his associates
until he Went to bed at ten in the eve-
ning.
A Chinese students' club in one of
our great universities listened not long
ago to a Bahai address and asked eager
questions. Some of them had been
caught by the materialism and agnosti-
cism of current Western thought but most
of them were eager for a modern re-
ligion. They were especially attracted
to the Bahai teaching of the oneness of
the races, the need of a. universal lan-
guage, the fundamental truth in all re-
ligions, and to the picture of the uni-
versal Temple to be built at Wilmette,
north of Chicago, with its nine gardens,

