manifests itself with the greatest power.
Thus it has been proved and made evi-
dent that these infinite beings in this
Wondrous universe will perform their
functions properly only when directed
and controlled by that Universal Reality.
Thus, order is established in the world.
For example, inter-action, mutual aid
and cooperation among the constituent
parts of the human body are evident
and indisputable. Yet this does not suf-
fice; nay, rather, an All-Unifying means
is needed which will direct and .control
the parts so that these through inter-
action and cooperation may discharge
with perfect order their necessary and
respective functions.
Thou art well aware, praise be to God,
that among all beings whether large or
small interaction and cooperation are
evident and established. Among great
bodies however such as the sun inter-
action is evident; whereas in the case of
small bodies though interaction be
unknown yet the part is an indication
of the whole. All these interactions
therefore are connected with that All-
Encircling Power which is their pivot,
their center, their source and their
motive power.
For instance, as we have said, cooper-
ation and mutual aid among the parts
of the human body are clearly estab-
lished and these parts and members
render service to all other parts. For
example, the hand, the foot, the eye, the
car, the mind, the imagination help all
the parts and members but all these
interactions are linked together by an
unseen all-encircling power which causes
these interactions to be effected with per-
fect regularity. This is the inner fac-
ultv of man, the inner power of man
wh'ch consists of the spirit and the mind
both of which are invisible.
In like manner consider in the ma-
chine and work-shops the interaction
existing among all the parts and sections
and how they are connected one with
the other. However, all these relations
and interactions are connected with a
central power which is the motive force,
the pivot, the source of these inter-
actions. This central power is either the
power of steam or the skill of the
master-mind.
It has therefore been proved and
made evident that interaction, coopera-
tion and inter-relation among beings are
under the direction and will of a motive
power which is the origin, the motive
force and the pivot of all interactions
among the contingent beings.
Likewise, every arrangement and com-
position which is not perfect in its order
we designate as accidental; and that
which is orderly, regular, perfect in its
relations, every part of which is in its
proper place and is the essential
requisite of the other parts--this we call
a composition formed through will and
knowledge.
There is no -doubt but that these in-
finite beings and the coming together of
these single elements arranged in their
infinite forms must have proceeded from
a Reality which could not be without
will or understanding. This is clear and
provcn to the mind and no one can deny
it. This, however, does not mean that
we have comprehended the Universal
Reality or the attributes thereof.
Neither the Essence nor any one of the
attributes have we understood.
We maintain, however, that these in-
finite beings, these necessary relations
and this complete and perfect arrange-
ment must of necessity have proceeded
from a Source that is not bereft of will
and understanding. And this infinite
composition cast into infinite forms must
have been caused by an All-Encircling
Wisdom. This no one can dispute save
he who is obstinate, stubborn and a
denier of clear and unmistakable evi-
dence and who is of those to whom the
blessed verse refers, "They are deaf,
they are dumb, they are blind and shall
return no more."
Now concerning the question whether
the faculties of the mind and the human
spirit are one and the same: the mental
qualities, such as the power of imagina-
tion, of thought, of understanding, pow-
ers which are the essential requisites of
the reality of man are the inherent prop-
erties of the spirit as the solar ray is the
inherent property of the sun. The tem-
ple of man is like unto a mirror; his
spirit is like the sun and his mental
faculties are even as the rays which
emanate from the sun. Perhaps the ray
201

