266 STAR OF THE WEST
To these witnesses, that vision is reali-
ty, and the wor1d's division, suffering and
pain is an unreality they have forever
left behind. By and for and in that reali-
ty they have lived and died.
But their witness is incredible to the
people in the darkness of the valley. In
the valley, the description of the land-
scape beyond the hills seems no more
than an empty dream, a denial of the
plainest facts confronting one on every
hand. Here, reality is the struggle for
existence, the survival of those Who are
"fit", a constant and painful effort to
gather fruit from trees on Which the sun
too seldom shines. That such a fruitful
landscape lies on the other side of death,
many in the valley will agree; but that it
lies on the other side of sacrifice here and
now, this they repudiate, this they vehe-
mently deny. And their repudiation and
their denial are sanctified by those to
whom they are accustomed to turn for
authority in matters that pertain to the
life of the soul.
That faith has had no visible victory
in any era of recorded time, is all too
evident; that the vision of human broth-
erhood never seemed so dim, so unreal,
so legendary as in this troubled age, is
no less apparent. A
Nevertheless, it is well to recall that
some hundreds of years ago Leonardo da
Vinci drew plans for the construction of
a machine that would fly. In his day,
even the thought of aviation was incon-
ceivable. The failure of his efforts ap-
peared to his neighbors like the judgment
of an offended Providence against one
who had attempted to contravene the
divine law.
But now that aviation has become a
commonplace occurrence in this age of
scientific progress, what are we to say
of da Vinci?
In the world of thought, da Vinci
achieved aviation--in the world of
thought he stood abreast of the people
of today. It was in the World of material
fact, and in this world only, that da Vinci
failed. He' failed only because certain
material conditions had not yet been ful-
filled. He had no suitable motive power,
no suitable structural elements such as
We now have. But the principle of flight
was certainly his--and time itself has
Worked to vindicate his aspiration.
Therefore We see that there are two
worlds--the world of vision and the world
of outward fact. Vision ever precedes
creates fact. For the World
of vision is the world of causes; the World
of outward fact is the world of effects.
That which exists in the world of vision
must eventually come to existence also in
the World of fact. The World of fact can-
not resist the world of vision, any more
than the earth ca_n resist the growth of
the seed" that are sown. For the earth
is composed of the very substance of
vegetation~and in like manner, the
world of effects is composed of the sub-
stance of vision. Where the earth is too
scanty for vegetation--Where the earth
resists the growth of the seed, there the
stunted vegetation rots and goes back to
the earth'; and when this has happened
season after season. theearth is fertilized
by the very vegetation it seemed to resist.
So humanity, denying the spiritual world,
resisting the growth and development of
the life of spirit, is gradually spiritualized
by the influences it destroys, or rather
seems to destroy.
Thus if We consider once more the re-
current vision of human brotherhood,
righteousness and unified faith: since
this reality has ever existed in the world
of perception, the world of causes, it must
also come to existence in the World of
outer fact. For the separation of these
two Worlds is not the eternal separation
of life and death, or good and evil, or
light and darkness; rather their separa-
tion is that of cause and effect. It is a
separation Which lies in time, and lying
in time, is also joined by time. As the
tree is the effect of the seed, but the tree
and the seed are separated by time, yet
connected in time; so also human broth-
erhood is the effect of the soul, the fruit
of the soul, and the long agony of the
soui's sacrifice is not only the measure of
the duration of time but also the measure
of time's meaning.
For there must needs be concurrent
conditions for the realization of brother-
hood, just as there had to be concurrent
conditions for the realization of mechani-
cal flight. Iust as the thought of flight
remained perfect, unchanging in the
world of causes until certain conditions
had been established in the material

