306 WORLD PEACE THROUGH THE DISCOVERY OF ONE GOD
mutual helpfulness. We believe that in
this process certain values must be
developed and maintained.
"No family and no race rises higher
than its Womanhood. Hence, the intelli-
gence of women must be cultivated and
the purity and dignity of womanhood
must be protected by the maintenance of
a single standard of morals for both races.
"The right of childhood to health and
safety, to the training of body and mind
in right habits and the soul in right pur-
poses, is unchallenged. The childhood of
every race must be safeguarded, for 'races
move forward on the feet of little chil-
dren.'
"As a foundation for social security for
all races the family ideal must be made
possible by economic justice, by religious
sanction, by legal safeguards and a single
standard of morals.
"We believe that violence has no place
Where people lend their support in every
possible Way to the agencies constituted
by the people for the apprehension, trial
and punishment of offenders against so-
ciety. We resent the assertion that
criminality can be controlled by lawless
outbreaks, and Woman's honor protected
by savage acts of revenge.
"We believe it our highest duty to pur-
sue these methods toward harmonious
racial adjustment.
"We believe that bitterness, resentment
and strife will yield to mutual trust only
as We steadfastly cultivate in both races
these attitudes and this faith in our com-
mon humanity.
"To these ends We pledge ourselves."
WORLD PEACE THROUGH THE
DISCOVERY OF ONE GOD
From an address by President Fayette
.4. McKenzie of Fisk University, Nash-
ville, Tennessee. Published in the Fisk
University ews.
EVERY day brings a new voice to de-
clare that the only hope for the
world lies in a return to religion. But
there can be no saving return so long as
religion means a rebinding to the old na-
tional and racial gods. . . .
The true God refuses to be a national
God, a racial God, or a continental God.
He is the God of the universe, or no God
at all.
He Who holds that his group, his race,
or his nation is essentially different from
others, and that he must hold to different
ideals and practice different methods from
others Who Worship the same God; he
who takes such a position worships a local
or a race God and does not believe in the
One God. He is essentially a polytheist,
not a monotheist. So long as this is true
the Fatherhood of God and the unity of
mankind are a beautiful dream, not a
Working reality.
God the Father of all mankind is not
the God of the Caucasian, nor the God of
the Hindu, nor the God of the Africanthe East nor the God
of the West; not the God of the North
nor the God of the South.
From the beginning until 110W God has
been denied his sovereign throne by the
tribes and the 'races and the nations that
have refused to have a world God.
There is only one God in all the uni-
verse to know. God is the one supreme
goodness, the same everywhere yesterday,
today, and forever. And just as God is
always the same, so men are everywhere
potentially alike. There is only one vir-
tue among men, one integrity, one stand-
ard of measurement for thought and act
and life. On a single tree, no two leaves
are exactly alike, but the thousands of
leaves are still essentially alike. Their
common origin and their common life is
evidenced in their common and unmistak-
able pattern.
All of this may be summed up in a sin-
gle sentence. The Fatherhood of God,
the Unity of Mankind, and the Univer-
sality of Truth are all three true or no one
of the three is true. Unless the standards
of truth and conduct are everywhere the
same, there is no final and substantial
unity among men. God and truth are
one. Until men accept one God and one
Truth, mankind can never be a unity, or
be for any length of time at peace. He
who denies the unity of men or the uni-
versal character and obligation of truth
denies the existence of One God. . .

