STAR OF THE WEST $5
"The white man must. acknowledge
that the brown man is superior in some
respects. The yellow man must acknowl-
edge that the white man is superior in
some Ways. The white race must admit
that every race upon which the sun
shines has an asset that is its wealth.
A day is coming that shall surprise the
prejudiced man. Civilization has but
moved westward; it is going into China
and Japan. A man of color may be
president. of the League of Nations.
I am not sure the white man has suc-
ceeded. I know his danger, and it may
be that God is moving civilization by
way of America eastward.
"The thing that is uppermost in the
family is good-will. Good-will is love
in action; good-will is the willing of
good for other men. . . . W-ould
that the brotherhood of humanity, the
Kingdom of God, were upon the earth.
Do whatever lies in your power to de-
stroy forever the thought that one
nation because of its color is better than
another. were made not for our-
selves but to further God's purpose 011
the earth."
Hon. Colonel Young said: are
backed by old glory. The flag that floats
over us all and does not ask what color
you are or what church you belong to.
Whether in the mountains of Tennessee,
or in the cotton fields of Alabama or
Louisiana, or out on the prairies of Ne-
braska, on the Pacific Coast, wherever
you are--tl1e same God. Whether you
are in the humblest home in Springfield
or in the 'White House at Washington,
the same God. Wherever you may 
one God, one law.
"Booker Washington left a record to
be proud of. Has the negro made good?
At the close of the Civil War he owned
12,000 homes, today they possess over
600,000 homes; then 20,000 farms, to-
day 1,00-0,000; then they possessed
wealth of $20,000,000, now $1,000,000,-
000; at the close of the war 90 per cent
could not read or write, today only 20
per cent; then there were 100,000 col-
ored pupils in the schools, now nearly
2,000,000; money for education 
000, now over $1,700,000; then they had
700 churches, now 43,000; then 1,000
Sunday schools, now 46,000; then 50,000
schools, now 250,000,000.
"We are to increase the opportunity
of the negro just as fast as his ability
develops. Give him more privileges.
One law, the law of God. Love thy God
with all thy soul, with all thy heart, and
thy neighbor as thyself."
Dr. Bagdadi said: "The heavenly
teachings are the only solution for the
World's racial, political, religious and
economical problems. Mankind has be-
come inhuman--even worse than the
beasts. Consider the carnivorous ani-
mals. They kill because that is the only
way for them to get food. But they
never kill their own species. For in-
stance, the wolf kills the sheep, but man
kills his own kind not for food but for
greed. Thus it is evident that man has
become more ferocious than the beast.
The heavenly teachings are the only
solution and remedy to change the bru-
tal characteristics of man into merciful
human beings.
"The great prophets are the teachers
of the heavenly teachings whereby the
ideal and spiritual civilization is estab-
lished in the world. For example, it was
through the divine teachings that Moses
delivered the Jews from slavery in
Egypt and founded the Solomonic sov-
ereignty in the Holy Land. It was
through the heavenly teachings that
Christ established the great western civ-
ilization. It was through the heavenly
teachings that Mohammed stopped the
wild Arabs from killing thousands of
their children to please their idols and
from burning their daughters alive to
get rid of them. He abolished their
vicious custom of marriage. One Arab
was entitled to a thousand Wives and
after his death his son might choose one
(Continued on page 60)

