STAR OF THE WEST 59
Mr. A. Rangaswami Ayer then delivered
his lecture on "The Fundamental Unity of
all Religions" in the course of which he said
that the followers of different religions tried
to thrust their own particular system into
the unwilling mouth of others by destroying
their brothers' faith. And this created dis-
cord and disunion instead of concord and
union. Thus one saw the followers of each
religion arrayed in battle and ready to
pounce upon one's brother at the slightest
pretext. Therefore the world needed to have
a religious faith recognized the merits
of all faiths, which would recognize the nat-
uralness of all systems and which would
have the grandeur, beauty and truth of all
the world prophets. He then commented on
the different religions at length and said that
India was the fatherland of philosophies
and had bred many systems but that the
Bahai Movement was the crown of all sys-
tems. No superstitious beliefs, no unscien-
tific theories, no fabulous accounts were to
be found in the Bahai teachings.
After a vote of thanks to the President,
the assemblage adjourned.
From The Tim-es of India, January 2,
1922.
PRINCIPLES OF BAHAISM.
The series of lectures in connection with
the Bahai convention were continued yester-
day evening in the Sir Cowasji Jehanglr
Hall, Museum. Three lectures were delivered,
the first by Mr. N. R. Vakil on "The Twelve
Basic Principles of the Bahai Movement,"
the second on "The Oneness of Mankind"
by Mr. Syed Mustafa Roumi and the third on
the "Unity of the East and West through
the Bahai Teachings" by Mr. A. Rangswami
Ayer. Mr. V. G. Bhandarkar presided.
The president in introducing the lecturer
to the audience said that they were living
at a time when the air was thick with dif-
ferences and that it required some courage
in organizing the hearts of men to study
the problem. T'o the real solution they must
know how Providence had sent down His
agency to unite them in one religion. They
must know that all differences were acci-
dental and that the ideas and sufierings that
troubled them would be remedied through a
thorough understanding. He had therefore
no doubt that they would listen to the lec-
tures With patience.
Mr. Vakil in his lecture then said that
he desired to discuss the possibilities and
necessity of a universal religion. They were
living in an era when all the five continents
of the world had become one. Different
parts of the world were naturally united and
the whole world had become as one home.
At such a time what but a universal religion
could appease the hungeriof the soul. Of the
fundamental principles of the Bahai Move-
ment the foremost, His Holiness Bans'
ULLAH declared, was the Oneness of Human-
ity. He then explained the principles of the
Bahai Movement at length, emphasizing that
they were the fruits of one tree, that all the
nations of the world were united, that in the
event of any part of the world being af-
fected, the rest of the world would be af-
fected. They could not be happy unless they
were all united and looked 'not upon the
good of themselves but of the whole world.
The principles of the Bahai Movement were
given out sixty years ago. Referring to the
world parliament he said it could not be
established unless there is a compact between
all the nations of the world and unless there
is unity of religions which he hoped would
be in the near future.
Mr. Syed Mustafa in his lecture in Urdu
on the "Oneness of Mankind" said the theory
underlying it was an old one and could be
found in every religion. He said God had
ordained no difference in the people of the
world and nature recognized no caste sys-
tem. God knew of no differences in religion
but it was man's selfishness, hatred and ob-
stinacy that led them to such different sys-
tems. He then commented on the views the
people held amongst those who tried to
overthrow others of their own race. But,
he said, all were a single nation. God had
created man with love and this could be
achieved by following the principles of

Mr. Rangswami then spoke on the "Unity
of the East and West through the Bahai
Teachings" and dwelt on the history of
mankind and emphasized that until all re-
ligions were united, disease that corroded
humanity would never be cured and the
unity of the East and West could be achieved
only by co-operating with other countries
and not by saying, "India for Indians."
From Advocate of India, January 3,
1922.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED
The Second All-India Bahai Convention
passed the following resolutions unanim-
ously:
To start a Bahai Sunday School to teach
Bahai lessons. to children with a view to
prepare them to work for the cause of in-
ternational and inter-racial amity and con-
cord.

