STAR OF THE WEST
ECONOMIC HAPPINESS FOR THE HUMAN RACE
The following, hitherto unpublished, address of Abdul Baha was given in
Montreal, Canada in 1912. It reveals the prophetic quality of his solution of
the question of economic right and justice. "Earth," he said, "can be made a
paradise." We add to this address a short compilation of his words on eco-
nomics and on its spiritual foundation.
IT seems as though all creatures can
exist singly and alone. For exam-
ple, a tree can exist solitary and alone
on a given prairie or in a valley or on
the mountainside. An animal upon a
mountain or a bird soaring in the air
might live a solitary life. They are
not in need of cooperation or solidar-
ity. Such animated beings enjoy the
greatest comfort and happiness in
their respective solitary lives.
On the contrary, man cannot live
singly and alone. He is in need of
continuous cooperation and mutual
help. For example, a man living alone
in the Wilderness will eventually
starve. He can never, singly and alone,
provide himself with all the necessities
of existence. Therefore, he is in need
of cooperation and reciprocity.
The mystery of this phenomenon,
the cause thereof is this, that mankind
has been created from one single or-
igin, has branched off from one family.
Thus in reality all mankind represents
one family. God has not created any
difference. He has created all as one
that thus this family might live in
perfect happiness and Well-being.
Regarding reciprocity and -. 
tion: each member of the body politic
should live in the utmost comfort and
Welfare because each individual member
of humanity is a member of the body
politic and if one member of the mem-
bers be in distress or be affiicted with
some disease all the other members must
necessarily suffer. For example, a
member of the human organism is the
eye. If the should be affected that
affliction would affect the Whole nervous
system. Hence, if a member of the
body politic becomes afflicted, in real-
ity, from the standpoint of sympathetic
connection, all Will share that affliction
since this (one afflicted) is a member of
the group of members, a part of the
Whole. Is it possible for one member or
part to be in distress and the other
members to be at ease? It is impossible!
Hence God has desired that in the body
politic of humanity each one shall en-
joy perfect Welfare and comfort.
Although the body politic is one fam-
ily yet because of lack of harmonious
relations some members are comfortable
and some in direst misery, some mem-
bers are satisfied and some are hungry,
227

