To the friends in Yonkers, New York:
"Very dear loved ones of Abdul Baha:
The letter you have written was received
with the utmost joy for it was to us not
only a mesage of love and unity but a
message of humble devotion and servi-
tude at the divine Threshold. It was
not only the cause of comfort to our
broken hearts but also a divine balm to
our souls and we are sure that the spirit
which that letter bore is the one which
reigns in the heart of each single member
of that united assembly.
"You have written that your number
is small; but it is decidely true that it
is not numbers that count, it is, rather,
the sincerity and devotion of the hearts.
It is the heart that subduing, Within
itself, all cares shines forth
resplendent in the realm of love and
selflessness, attracting to itself the souls
of the weary and depressed, soothing
their wounds with the balm of this Mes-
sage. This new Revelation has in reality
been the water of life unto the thirsty,
a sea of knowledge unto the searcher, a
message of condolence to the weary and
a new spirit and lifetto the Whole world.
And now it remains that we, the humble
servants of our Lord should be confirmed,
through our own effort and through His
bounty to diffuse this light everywhere
and to carry this Glad Tidings to every
cottage and princely home.
"We ask God to make each one of that
assembly a herald of love wherever he
may go and that he may be accepted as
a humble servant of His Lord."
THE CONVENTION IN INDIA
From The Daily Gazette
Karachi, I ndia
"Followers of the Bahai movement
which has for its basic thought the one-
ness of - all religions, will meet in Karachi
in December when the third All-India
Bahai Convention will be held. From
Karachi is published the Bahai News a
vital little sheet, edited and published
by Mr. M. R. Shirazi, Professor of Per-
sian at the D. J. Sind College. This soul-
ful young contemporary of ours has a
circulation running into nearly five fig-
ures and a World-Wide circle of readers."
The Bahai News has the following
illuminating paragraph Perhaps no
Province in India, and no country in the
World has received the Message so late
as Sind and yet Sind might not merely
lead the Whole of India in its enthusiasm
for the Bahai principles, we make bold
to say, Sindhis may sooner or later carry
the message allover the world. Already
the Seven 17 alleys has been beautifully
translated in Sindhi by Mirza Kalichbeg,
and its first edition has almost been ex-
hausted. The ,Traveller's Narrative is
ready in manuscript awaiting printing,
and Mr. Abbasi, a Sindi Bahai is work-
ing hard to translate other works and
get them corrected by Mirza Kalichbeg.
Professor Shirazi talking of the coming
convention hopes it may pave the way
for a World-federation and parliament
of religions, and will announce to the
World the need of a universal language,
and a universal court of arbitration."
THE MOUNT CARMEL OF THE
FUTURE
A Prophesy Given by Abdul Baha at
the Tomb of the Bab, Sunday,
January 4, 1920
"In this gathering," said Abdul
Baha, "all the friends are assembled to-
gether in the utmost freedom, happiness
and majesty. Nothing could be better
than this. The day will come when this
mountain will be resplendent with light,
--lights from top to bottom. On one
side of it there will be a hotel, a univer-
sal hotel. Its door will be open to all
the people of the world. Whoever comes
will be a guest. On the other side of the
mountain there will be a 'university in
which all the higher sciences will be
taught. On another part of it there will
be a Mashreq'ul- Azkar. On another
part of it there will be a home for the
220

