THE NEW SPIRIT OF YOUNG CHINA
by B. ALEXANDER
ON May fourth, 1919, after the signing
of the treaty of Versailles, young
China. arose as one man. From that day
a steady tide of social and educational
reform, together with the discarding of
the traditions of the past, advanced by
leaps and bounds. It was the outward
evidence of the onward march of a
"tide of new thought" as it was called
in China. New life currents burst forth
pulsating With intense vigor throughout
the student world.
Again, during the past two months
startling changes have taken place. A
sign of the onward march of this student
movement has been the coming of four
groups of students from Higher Normal
Schools of China to inspect the schools
of Japan. In the past only two such
groups have visited Japan. The fact
that one of these four groups was com>>
posed of nineteen young women from the
Pekin Women Teacher 's College has
great significance for these are the first
Chinese young women to be sent on
such a mission.
It was my privilege to meet members
of three of these groups and through
them to feel the wonderful new life now
throbbing in the heart of young China.
Although none of these students had
heard of the Bahai teachings, yet tl1ei_r
hearts beat with the very principles of
Baha'Ullah. Here are a few thoughts
from addresses which were translated
for me, given by the young women at a
dinner in their honor:
"They, The Chinese Women's As-
sociation of Pekin wish to give all peo-
ple a chance to live, especially the lowest
class. All mankind should be allowed
happiness without limitation of sex, race
or country. They have lost interest in
politicians and are developing their in-
terest in world~ideas. They Wish to do
their utmost for the happiness of their
whole population without respect to re-
ligion or race. One of their future aims
is to establish correspondence with the
women of the world."
A young man, one of thirty-four
students from Wuchang Teacher's Col~
lege, expressed these ideas thus: "We
love peace; that is our spirit. "Te are
the oldest civilized country now existent
on earth and our sacred books are many,
but the essential ones among them are
the "Four Books" of Confucius, and the
"Five Classics." 'Ne emphasize moral
education more than we emphasize
knowledge; but knowledge is power and
we do not neglect it. There came a
turning point, which has been known as
the Rennaissance of China, in 1919, and
since then We have made great progress
in all things."
The following notes were taken on
June the twelfth, the day of the in-
auguration of Li Yuan-hung, the new
President of China, who is considered
to be the most democratic man in China.
in an interview with one of the young
men students from Pekin.
"We have doubts about everything.
We believe we should -be active, but not
blindly. Vile want information. "Te are
so eager for it that we have come to
Japan although we do not know whether
157

