AN EPISTLE OF 
0 thou Nlohammedl Rejoice in thy
soul because of that which hath
descended upon thee--a book, holy and
priceless within which is that which sever-
eth thee from the kingdom of heaven and
earth and leadeth thee to the threshold
of manifest glory.
Say: Glory be unto Thee! God! My
God! Thou seest my weakness, my help-
lessness, my distress and my poverty.
Therefore send Thou to me from the fra-
grances of Thy holiness that which,
though it be no larger than an ant, Will,
if it breathes upon (those that are) first
and last,' transform them into kings of
Thy luminous beauty and honor them
with the light of Thy manifest counte-
nance.
my God! I am he Who hath held
firmly to Thy strong support in Thy flaw-
less and wonderful Word and hath
grasped the hem of Thy bounty in Thy
Name, the Supreme, the Exalted, the Om-
niscient. Therefore, my God! as Thou
hast honored me with Thy meeting and
hast acquainted me with the Manifesta-
tion of Thy Self deprive me not of the
river of paradise Which Thou hast caused
to flow by the right side of Thy exalted
Throne and Withold me not, my God!
from attaining to Thy inaccessible grace
and Thy ancient favor which descendeth
from the clouds of Thy exalted mercy.
Say: people! In the name of God
the True One! The First Point (the
Bab) hath appeared in this Word, were
ye of those who know. The fire of one-
ness hath become apparent in this high
tree Which overshadoweth all living be-
ings.
Say: Verily, the Holy Spirit hath ap-
peared in a new garment.
Say: Verily, the rod (of Moses) in this
white and luminous hand is uttering
praises.
Say: Verily, the beauty of God hath
been sent forth from the veil of light
Exalted is God, the King of Kings!
Say: Verily, the veil of mystery hath
been torn asunder and the Youth hath
appeared from the dawning point of His
Name, the Merciful, the Compassionate.
This is He who hath not been compre-
hended by the knowledge of anyone nor
by the wisdom of those who have at-
tained. He speaketh now from the vault
of heaven summoning all in the heavens
and earth; announcing to all the glad
tidings of the rose garden of God and call-
ing them to a holy and praiseworthy
station.
Say: Whosoever doth not purify his
heart from the veils of imitations will
never be in the presence of this shining
and exalted countenance.
Mohammed! Soar thou in this at-
mosphere with the Wings of severance
and fear no one. Trust in God, thy Lord,
the Bountiful, the Mighty, the Omnip-
otent. Turn not to anyone, even if harm
should befall thee from all living beings.
Summon the people to God and to that
which hath been revealed in the Book of
Bayan and be thou not of those who fear.
Say: people! Fear God! Obey the
laws of God with body and soul and be
not of the heedless lest negligence take
you away from the point of nearness.
Say: Glory be unto Thee, God! My
God! I ask Thee by Thy Name by
which Thou dost Wipe out disobedience
with forgiveness and changest punishment
into mercy and dost usher the guilty into
the tent of Thy glorious pardon: permit
me not to be alone, for less than an in-
stant, even. Sever not the rope of Thy
favor. Debar me not from His meeting
in the day wherein the eyes are dazzled,
the minds of the wise are perplexed and
the feet of the well informed slip.
300

