STAR OF THE WEST
1923
A TEMPLE OF UNIVERSAL RELIGION
THE foundations for the first Bahai
Temple in the VVestern World were
started at Wilmette, on March 21, 1921,
the first day of spring. To the Bahais this
is symbolic of the spiritual springtime
now breaking over the world, "the spring-
time of the oneness of mankind."
Baha means the effulgence of the sun
as it first shines over the horizon. A
Bahai is one who follows and spreads the
light of the Sun of Truth in this new day
of unity. "To be a Bahai simply means
to love all the world; to love humanity
and try to serve it; to work for universal
peace and universal brotherhood." These
were the words of Abdul Baha as he en-
tered New York City on his celebrated
visit to the United States in 1912.
Abdul Baha was born in Teheran, Per-
sia, May 23, 1844. His father, Baha
'-Ullah, a nobleman of Teheran, was the
great revealer of the universal principles
which with their glad tidings of oneness
and peace are now spreading to all re-
ligions and peoples.
"The darkness of ignorance," said Ab-
dul Baha to a friend from the West, "had
made gloomy the horizon of the East.
Religious prejudices from one side, the
darkness of racial fanaticism from another,
political prejudices from another side, self-
attachment and personal interests and
motives--all these had made the horizons
of the East darker than night. At such a
time the Dawn of Guidance, His Highness
the Supreme, the Bab, appeared, His Holi-
ness Baha 'Ullah, like a sun shone forth,
and this darkness was converted into
light. And these lights are nothing but
the teachings of Baha 'Ullah."
Because his teachings were too far
ahead of his time Baha 'Ullah was with
his family exiled from city to city and at
last, in 1868, was imprisoned in the des-
olate barracksof Acca in the Holy Land.
Abdul Baha was there a prisoner for
forty years. But from that prison city
in Palestine Baha 'Ullah and Abdul.Ba-
ha, despite the winds of persecution,
spread the light of their teachings
through all the world. Because of their
universality and divine dynamic these
teachings are now uniting members of
all races and religions. They hold before
us the glorious hope of a unified humani-
ty.
Today the center of the Bahai Cause
and the Guardian of its unity is Shoghi
Effendi, the grandson of Abdul Baha.
In the universal religion of the future,
Abdul Baha tells us, there will be built
in all lands universal houses of worship
open to all sects and religions. These
temples will embody the principles of
the new day of world unity.
259

