248 STAR OF THE VVEST
family even avoided him and drove him
away from the house to a garden out of
the city where finally he died.
Sheikh Zi'b, The Wolf, and The Son
of The Wolf suffered humiliation and
degradation and became as fruitless and
useless trees.
As to the prince, he was driven away
by the Shah and was hated by him. He
fell into the depths of abasemcnt and
finally, expelled by the Persian govern-
ment, was forced to live an exile from
his country. He returned, once, to Per-
sia, in order to live in his native land
according to his own desires on the
enormous wealth which he had accumu-
lated. But the people prevented this
by throwing him in prison and punish-
ing him very severely. In this connec-
tion a story may be related:
During the unjust administration of
this prince there lived in Isfahan an
oppressed Bahai. He was a target for
the whip of the Mullas, accused by them
of infidelity, and his property was plun-
dered and confiscated. Fearful for his
life he concealed himself in places where
he could not be found. Once he ap-
pealed to the prince, reminding him of
the sighs and cries of the oppressed, the
broken-hearted and the helpless. He
also tried to remind him of his respon-
sibility to God. The prince replied with
the greatest arrogance and contempt,
saying, "Go to Abdul Baha and accuse
me and let him do with me whatever
he can." An insult such as this hurt
this broken-hearted Bahai more than
anything else. Later on, when the
prince was indicted, despised, impris-
oned and expelled and was in utter hu-
miliation that Bahai traveled from his
distant native town to the prison, met
the prince, made himself known to him
and reminded him, saying, Some years
ago I spoke to you of my sufferings due
to cruelty and oppression and of how all
my possessions had been confiscated and
I had no place of safety and rest and
how I must needs, through fear of my
enemies conceal myself every moment.
You said to me, 'Go to Abdul Baha and
accuse me.' Though orally I did not
accuse you in his presence yet the jus-
tice of God requires punishment and
reward. For this reason His Holiness
Baha'Ullah said, 'The tent of the order
of the world is supported and upheld by
two pillars, punishment and reward.'
Therefore, whatever has happened is in-
evitable and ordained."
In a word, those powerful enemies un-
der such conditions passed away from
this world and their light became ex-
tinguished. But their honors, The King
of the and The Beloved of the
have ignited a light which will
shine forever. All the days of their
life unto the day of the
nostrils of the spiritual ones were ever
perfumed by their fragrance. During
their lifetime they were very prominent,
just and happy and were loved by all.
Because they held their souls in their
hands, sacrificed them in the path of the
True Friend and took their stand near
to the great mercy in the Abha, Most
Glorious Kingdom numerous tablets
were revealed from the pen of Baha-
'Ullah concerning their exalted station
and the grief of the Supreme Concourse
for their ordeals. Such jewels of divine
subtleties and infinite favors were re-
vealed that they will remain throughout
the everlastingness of the world and the
Kingdom. The spiritual titles, The King
of the and The Beloved of the
were granted them, and now,
by these merciful names they are well
known in the East and the West.
Translated by Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi
and Emily Vail.
Note: An evidence of the great love
of His Holiness Abdul Baha for these
holy is the fact that he was the
essence of kindness to the bereaved fam-
ilies and cared for the son of the King
of the Mirza alal, in his own
home. Later he gave Mirza Jalal his
daughter, Rouha Khanum, in marriage.

