Star of the West
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all
nations shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of aifection
and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened; that diversity of religion 
shall cease and difierences of race be annulled. So it shall be. These fruitless strifes;
these ruinous wvars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall co-me." i
Words of 

VOL. 13 BAHA 1, 78 (March 21, 1922) NO. 1
The Bahai Revelation--The Religious
Need of the Time
By l\/lAsoN REMEY
IN this day the religious formulae of
the creeds and
longer ease the conscience
of the World nor bring satisfaction to
the mind of the individual adherent of
these systems of thought. Humanity is
in need of a spiritual power and knowl-
edge vvith which to meet and solve the
problems and conditions of this new day
and age. Hence, the general changing
and unsettled condition of the religious
World which is causing a large and an
increasing number of progressive people
to quit thinking within the prescribed
limits of the religious thought of the
past, and to search diligently for those
universal fundamental truths of the
spiritual realm of life and being, the
knowledge of which truths is the religion
of God.
The Bahai Movement offers to the
world an all-inclusive, universal, spirit-
ual teaching, so b-road that people of all
races and of all creeds find place therein.
It is essentially a religious movement, a
spiritual teaching, free from the limita-
tions of sect and "ism," and constructive
in its building upon the true faith of
the individual and upon the pure teach-
ings of the past, thus increasing love and
devotion to God and creating Within
each soul the desire to manifest the
light of these divine attributes through
brotherly service to 0-ne's fellowmen.
OBJECT.
,'I'he object of the Bahai Revelation is
the religious unification of all people.
The teaching has come into the World
to fulfill all divine teaching of the past.
It -stands as the goal toward which truth
has always Worked, through its appear-
ance in the prophets sent unto various
peoples of the past ages, and it is the
beginning of that age of divine enlight-
enment and peace, the coming of which
has been the theme of all revelations of
the past--'l'he Kingdom of God on earth.
Thus the Bahai Movement establishes' the
universal religion which is the founda-
tion of inter-religious, inter-racial and
international brotherhood and peace. It
offers to mankind a practical basis of
unity, one which is in direct line With
the great World needs of this age, and
it is paving the Way for the great uni-
versal civilization which will evolve as
people of all religions, races and nations

