12 STAR OF THE WEST
ULLAH, through his teachings and
spiritual insight, gradually brought
calmness and assurance to the believers.
As the movement gained strength the
clerical authorities began to show fear.
This led to an international arrangement
made between the Turkish and Persian
government by which ULLAH with
a band of the followers was ordered to
a more distant exile in Constantinople.
In April, 1863, on the eve of his de-
parture from the land of Irak, 
ULLAH decla.red himself to be- the One
whose coming the Bab had foretold,
"He whom God would manifest."
From Constantinople the exiles were
sent to Adrianople, where they remained
until 1868, when they were finally sent
to the fortified town of Akka (Acre), a
penal colony on the Mediterranean just
north of Mt. Carmel in Syria. There, in
the land of Carmel, where "the coming
of tl1e Lord" in this latter day had been
foretold by the prophets, 
lived and taught; many traveling from
great distances to receive instructions
from him, while others received teach-
ing through his writings.
With the coming of ULLAH the
mission and teachings of the Bab were
fulfilled and completed; so- from that
time on the movement became known as
the Bahai Movement, and the believers,
hitherto called Babis, became known as
Bahais, this new name being a derivative
of Baha. In the spring of 1892 the
mission of ULLAH being finished,
he passed quietly from this world.
ABDUL-BAHA.
During BAHA ministry his
revelation was complete, yet his cause
was not explained nor established in the
world in general. To this end he, in
his testament, as well as in various parts
of his teachings, commanded his fol-
lowers upon his departure to turn their
faces toward his eldest son, Abbas,
more widely known by this title,
"Abdul-Baha," who-m he had chosen as
their spiritual guide: "The Center of
The Covenant" of God to the people of
the world, the expounder of his teach-
ings, the one who would establish this
great movement and to explain and
demonstrate it before the world-the
one upon whose shoulders his mantle
would fall.
Abdul-Baha was born in Teheran,
Persia, on the 23rd day of May, 1844,
the day upon which the Bab first de-
clared his message. During all the
trials and vicissitudes of the mission of
BAHA Abdul-Baha was at his
right hand promulgating his cause and
serving his followers. He was the first
of all to recognize BAHA as the
Promised One and to voice the mighty
message of the coming mission of the
"Lord of the ages."
Abdul-Baha wished to be known as
the servant of humanity. He sought no
higher station than this, yet when one
understands all that this means one real-
izes the combination of humility and
exaltation which it implies. He made
but one claim for himself, as to his
spiritual station, that of service in the
path of God. He signed himself "Abdul-
Baha Abbas," which, being translated,
is "Abbas, the Servant of Baha. Abdul-
Baha was acknowledged by the Bahais
as their spiritual leader, and the one to
be emulated in the teaching of this great
faith in the -world. He, through his
example, brought the spiritual life of
ULLA1-1 within the reach of his
followers, the Bahais. He was the first
fruit of the consummation of God's
Latter Day promise to the world, and
he was the center from which the light
was radiated to the world; therefore he
in his mission lived and exemplified his
title of "The Center of The Covenant."
Abdul-Baha's life was one of active
service to humanity. There was no ele-
ment in the daily life of this world too
small to receive his attention. The
great motive power manifesting through
him was not of this world but was of

