His properties were confiscated. He
gave all-his family, his relatives, his
possessions. He accepted imprisonment,
chains and fetters. His holy person was
imprisoned in the fortress of Acca until
the last moment of his life. He was
made to sufier more calamities, afflic-
tions and difficulties tha11 could be enu-
merated. He had not a moment's rest.
He had not an hour 's comfort. He was
continually under the greatest hardships
and ordeals. What great persecutions
he endured from his enemies! What
great afflictions he bore from his own
relatives! He accepted all these trials
for our sakes so that he might educate
us, so that he might make us illnmined,
so that he might make us heavenly, so
that he might change our character,
change our lives, so that he might illu-
mine our inmost self. All these troubles
he accepted for our sakes. He did in-
deed sacrificc his life for us. This love
is the real love. This is the inner attach-
ment and the genuine friendship. This
is the love which sacrifices one 's all,
one 's life. This is the reality of love.
He accepted all these troubles.
"All this -cannot be accomplished by
merely talking. It cannot be done by
saying, love you,' or, 'How is your
health,' or, 'You are my beloved,' or,
'You are esteemed.' This is not love.
This is an attachment that will break
in the testing. This is why one sees per-
sons associating with one another, ap-
pearing to be enwrapped with one an-
other. Each seems to sacrifice himself
for the other. But when they part. they
be-come as strangers. This is human
love. It is not spiritual love; it is not
divine love; it has no real founda.tion
and in the time of testing it will fall and
disappear.
"If you should go to Persia and min-
gle with the friends there and should be
in the house of any one of the friends,
and people should come in to take you
to kill you, you would then Witness how
the owner of the house would sacrifice
himself for you. He would sacrifice
himself for you rather than allow even
one hair of your head to be hurt. This
is love! It has happened often in Persia
that the friends have sacrificed them-
selves for one another. This has hap-
pc11ed many times. This love is the love
of God.
"The King of and the Be-
loved of Were two souls who
were greatly honored among the people.
They were very Wealthy. They were ex-
tremely comfortable. The people pil-
laged all their property. They put them
in chains. They put them in prison.
The Shah of Persia decreed that they
should be killed; that they should either
deny their faith or be killed. The nota-
bles came to them and advised them to
renounce their faith. The friends came
and advised them; even the government
advised them to recant so that they
might save their lives. But they would
not deny. They co11tinned to cry aloud,
'Ya Baha el Abha!' (O, Thou Glory of
the Most Glorious!) And so they were
martyred.
"This is the love of God! This is the
love of the heart! This is divine love!"
164

