i
14

- .
I

The Bahai Magazine
STAR OF THE WEST
1923
THE CALL TO UNIVERSAL PEACE
THE following prophetic words on the
oneness of mankind, the oneness of
religion, the most great peace, are taken
from the records of two addresses by
Abdul Baha in Montreal, Canada, as pub-
lished September 2 and 6, 1912, in The
Montreal Gazette and The ontreal
Daily Star. The opening words were given
at the Church of the Messiah (Unitarian)
at the Sunday morning service, the sec-
ond address at a large Thursday even-
ing gathering of some twelve hundred
people in St. James Methodist Church.
To these selections We have added a glori-
ous call to universal peace from the
words of Abdul Baha in Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab's Diary.
I
"God the Almighty has created all hu-
manity from earth, from the same ele-
ment. All men are descended from the
same race and live upon the same globe.
As members of humanity He created
them alike in all their susceptibilities. He
left no differences whatever. He provides
for all, He trains all, He protects all, He
is kind to all.
"All the prophets of God have been
inspired with the message of love and
unity to the sons of men. All the books
of God have been revealed for the sake
of fellowship and union. All the prophets
of God have been the servants of reality.
Reality is one; it does not accept multi-
plicity. Therefore we conclude that the
foundations of the religions of God are
one. Yet, alas, a thousand differences
have been creeping in which have noth-
ing to do with these foundations. As
these differences vary, therefore we have
strife among the children of men; con-
tention ancl. warfare are rampant and
bloodshed and strife reign everywhere.
All the bloodshed and strife of the past
have been induced either through relig-
ious or racial prejudices or political or
patriotic bias. These prejudices are great-
er in the Orient than in the Occident.
"The religions and nations of the Orient
were in constant warfare with one another
when Baha 'Ullah appeared and pro-
claimed that all prophets are the servants
of God, all religions but the shadow of the
Almighty. All lands are under the same
Shepherd. If one lamb is separated from
the flock all must strive to bring it back.
Baha'Ullah proclaimed that religion must
be the means of love and fellowship. If
religion is the cause of hatred it has no
meaning; it is not religion, but is irre-
ligion for it produces opposite results from
those purposed by true religion. If re-
ligion becomes the cause of strife then
irreligion is better. A remedy must bring
health. If this remedy causes sickness
then it is better to have no remedy what-
ever.
291

