A BEAUTIFUL MESSAGE FROM TI-IE HOLY LAND
BY ROUI-IA KHANUM
The Bahai Community, Persian Colony,
Haifa, Palestine, R-izwan 1922.
Dear sisters -and brothers in the Cause of God 
At last I am pleased to be able to answer your very kind letters and to thank
those friends, who sent messages of loving sympathy to us in the first days of
our crushing sorrow.
Until now I have been broken down with gief, my heart was sore distressed,
my eyes were overflowing with bitter tears; I could not collect my thoughts
sufficiently, I had no power to write to those dear friends, who had sent such
affectionate words of consolation to me in my overwhelming loss.
Now we can comfort our hearts with the assurance that, though our beloved
Master is no longer in his mortal b-ody, yet his eternal Spirit is present with us
for evermore. Whilst here on earth his humanity was as a cloud, which hid his
divine Spirit from us. That veiling cloud is now removed, and we feel the in-
tensity of his spiritual Guidance.
As the Master said after the Ascension of Baha 'Ullah:
"The Light of the Sun of Truth will never set. The waves of the
Sea of Truth will surge for all time. The divine rain from the Kingdom
of Glory will never fail. Inspiration from the Realm of the Supreme will
not cease for evermore.
"Life-giving showers are constantly flowing from the clouds of
Mercy. Help is still being poured out from the Heavenly Land, and aid
from the Supreme Lord is being given without ceasing. Though that
Glorious Sun (Baha 'Ullah) has set in the horizon of this world, it has
risen in radiant splendour in the divine sky of celestial grandeur.
"The eyes of the people were veiled by his body from seeing
the Light"As that veil has been withdrawn, it is now the time to proclaim
the Word of God, to send forth the lightnings of the Spirit, to chant the
melodies of Faithfulness in the Rose-Garden of God the Beloved.
"Oh Nightingales of the Garden of Virtue! Now is the day to sing
the beautiful harmonies of Heaven!
"Let your heart be no longer troubled, neither sit idle in sorrow
and mourning, but arise; Wing your flight into the Celestial atmosphere,
singing the triumphant of holiness in the garden of Love, always
with your heart fixed on that Divine Home of the Radiant Beloved,
towards which we are all as pilgrims, making our Pilgrimage!
"In this day of the Spiritual Springtime if we do not arise in the
glorious work of establishing the Unity of the Kingdom, at what season
should we choose to begin? Verily now is the appointed time."
These words apply equally to our days, when our hearts bear the burden of
the agony of parting with our Beloved Master.
Now my friends, I implore you, let us each and all stand together in a
vast army of Light, steadfastly and loyally determined to vanquish the Powers
of Darkness on the pitiful battlefield of the World.
Let us remember the disciples of His Holiness the Lord after
his Ascension they, though few in number, stood faithfully together, united in
118

