LIBRARY OF HEAVENLY TEACHINGS.
For twelve years the STAR on THE has published Abdul
Baha's European and American addresses, his illuminating talks given
in the Holy Land and his glorious tablets which he scattered to the East
and the West like rose petals from the heavenly garden of his love and
wisdom. These pages of the STAR or THE WEST hold the priceless
records of the rise of the Cause of God, its spread among the nations, and
radiant prophesies of the coming of the divine civilization to appea.r on
earth. These volumes of the STAR or THE WEST are now accessible, in
beautifully bound copies done in three-fourths leather.
Vol. 1 is the little Baha-i News. Vols. 2, 3, and 4 record the
glorious journey of Abdul Baha in Europe and America in 1911, 1912,
1913, and his universal addresses before churches, synagogues, New
Thought, Theosophical, peace societies, universities and innumerable
progressive gatherings. These volumes have been so popular they will
soon be exhausted.
Vols. 5 and 6- contain additional addresses of Abdul Baha and
records of Bahai history. These two volumes can be bound together.
Vols. 7 and 8 which can also easily be bound together contain the wonder-
ful compilation on "The Divine Art of Living" drawn from the words
of Baha 'Ullah and Abdul Baha and the glorious pages of the New
Testament. They are also filled with the dynamic utterances of Abdul
Baha that quicken the souls with the touch of the Holy Spirit. They
"create men anew."
Vol. 9 contains the compilation on Bahai methods of education and
many wonderful tablets. Vols. 10 and 11 contain many tablets sent out
after the war, and beautiful accounts of visits with Abdul Baha in Haifa.
Vol. 12 gives many addresses of the great. enabe Fazel and marvelous
accounts of the ascension of Abdul Baha.
These bound volumes may be had from either the Bahai News
Service or The Bahai Publishing Society, R/o-om 450, 508 South Dear-
born Street, Chicago, for $3.50 a volume, or $6.00 when two volumes are
bound together.
"The Divine Art of Diving"--A smaller volume containing the
chapters of the "Divine Art of Living" can be had for $2.50 bound in
boards or $3.00 bound in three-fourths leather, postage additional.
SOME INTRODUCTIONS TO THE BAHAI TEACHINGS.
ABDUL BAHA on DIVINE PHILOSOPHY.
Compiled by Isabel Frazer Ghamberlari/n.
A brilliant series of extracts from Abdul Baha's talks given in Paris
on science and religion, with a. delightful autobiography first published
as an interview in one of the London journals. This little volume with
its radiant sentences and luminous philosophy, its practical principles
and its searching spiritual has re-createdthe lives of many
intellectuals in the western world. Yet, it is so simple that a little girl of
nine declared it her favorite Bahai introduction. 184 pages; bound in
paper, $0.7 5, 5 cents additional for postage