1

I



4

ABDUL BAi=iA's IN PARIS
The sentences of this volume are
vibrant with the light of the spiritual
philosophy and the warmth of divine
love. Part 1 gives the simple rules
for spiritual rebirth; part 2, the uni-
versal principles which will trans-
form the world into a garden of
Eden. 171 pages; bound in paper,
$1.00; postage 5 cents.
Somn QUESTIONS
By Abdul Ba/ta
Compiled by Laura Clifford
Barney
The great masterpiece of Bahai
philosophy. It gives a short history
of the great prophets of the western
world, the new interpretations of
Bible symbols and prophesies, mar-
velous appreciations of Moses and of
Christ, luminous chapters on the es-
sence of the Gospels, on Christ-'s sec-
ond coming and its real meaning, o-n
evolution and the origin of man, on
soul, mind, spirit, immortality, on
physical and spiritual healing. This
is a book for the modern mind; it
unites is such a perfect ex-
alted thinking and divine insight that
it will grow more luminous with every

reading. 306 pages, bound in cloth,
$2.00; postage 20c additional.
ii'?
BAH-AI REVELATION
By Th-orato/n, Chase
An introduction from the point of
view of the Bible, written with ex-
quisite spiritual insight by one whom
Abdul Baha called "the first Bahai
in America." He was a business man
of Winsome and radiant spiritual
personality. This volume contains
magnificent selections from the words
of Baha 'Ul1ah. 187 pages, bound in
paper, 750; postage 5c.
THE BAHAI MOVEMENT By Charles
Mason Remey.
An introduction written by a for-
mer professor of architecture and a
world traveler. It gives an outline of
Bahai principles and Bahai history.
It should be read with Mr. Remey's
"Observations of a Bahai Traveler,"
a record of the Bahai communities
which he visited in Persia, their unity
and their pure, heavenly lives. The
Bahai Movement, bound in cloth, 60c,
postpaid. Observations of a Bahai
Traveler, bound in cloth, 75c, post-
paid.
A WAY TO SPREAD THE CAUSE OF GOD. .
The STAR on TI-IE WEs'r in coming issues will present the great Bahai
teachings for a new world-order and a new and diviner life within the soul,
making each issue an excellent introduction to those teachings which are
"the light of this age and the spirit of this century." There will be series
of articles on the new methods of spiritual realization and their divine psy-
chology, on pure and sanctified living, on comparative religion and literature,
the philosophy of universal religion, the power of the life of Abdul Baha
and the application of Bahai principles to the world problems of today.
These issues will form such an excellent and progressive Bahai introduction
that many will want to subscribe to them for their friends. Two issues sent
to one address, $5.00 a year. Single subscriptions, $3.00 a year. Special
five-months subscription to new subscribers, $1.00.
BAHAI PUBLISHING 
ROOM 450, 508 s. DEARBORN sr.
CHICAGO, ILL., U. s. A.
i

126

