STAR OF THE WEST ll
promises of the prophets of old are now
realized in the coming of the Bahai
Revelators and in the movement which
they have established, the people of the
various religions find the fulfillment of
the sacred teachings of the past, and
also the solution of the great latter day
problem of religious unity. The Bahai
teaching confirms and completes all re-
ligious teachings which have gone be-
fore, and offers a practical philosophy
which meets the present day spiritual
needs of humanity.
THE BAB.
O11 May 23, 1844, there arose in
Shiraz, Persia, a young man, Ali Mo-
hammed by name, who declared Himself
to be the Bab, or the forerunner of
"He Whom God would manifest"--a
great teacher, who was soon to appear
with manifest signs of divine 
through whose teachings the religious
unity of all peoples would be accom-
plished.
Through his purity of soul and spirit-
ual wisdom the Bab drew unto himself
many followers who in turn promulgated
his doctrines with so much fervor that
within a short time many believed and
joined his ranks.
The Bab was met early in his camel'
of teaching by great opposition on the
part of the Mussulman clergy and, a.t
their instigation, was placed under mili-
tary surveillance. In spite of this he
continued his teaching, exhorting the
people to holiness and sanctity of living,
i11 order that they might be fitted to
meet the Promised One, shortly to ap-
pear, and to become as mirrors which
would reflect his spiritual perfection.
Thus the first two years of his Ininist-I'Y
passed, at the end of which time, he was
seized, by the order of the opposing
clerical authorities, and thrust into
prison.

*"Ba-b is the Arabic word for door
or gate.
The Bab's imprisonment lasted four
years, during which time he taught his
followers through letters and epistles
smuggled by faithful friends past the
guards of the prison. This was followed
by a trial in which he was condemned
to death upon the charge of heresy.
VV.ith one of his followers, he suffered
in the cause of Truth in the
city of Tab-riz, Persia, on July 9, 1850.
The mission of the Bab being that
of precursor of "He whom God would
manifest," the institutions and ordi-
nances which he established were for the
time being only. "With the appearance
of the Promised One, the followers
(Babis), were commanded to turn their
faces unto him, when he, who was to
come, would reveal his teachings, divine
laws and ordinances, thus completing the
foundation of the Kingdom on earth.
The Bab was not alone i11 being perse-
cuted by the Mussulmans, for with his
came upon his followers
troubles of the mo-st dire nature. Over
twenty thousand of these willingly gave
up property, family and life rather than
deny or recant their faith. As late as
1901, there were one hundred and seven-
ty souls martyred in this Cause at one
time in Persia.
ULLAH.
During the days of the Bab's minis-
try, while his cause was being promul-
gated by his' followers throughout Per-
sia, there were many believers who never
met with him in person. Among these
was BAHA a young man of
noble family, who warmly espoused the
Cause, publicly upholding and teaching
it in Teheran. In 1852, shortly after
the Bab's when the perse-
cution of the Babis was at its height,
with o-thers of the new
faith, was imprisoned in Teheran, and
later on with a number of the followers
was sent in exile to Baghdad in Irak,
Arab-ia.
During the exile in Baghdad 

