296 OUR TRIP TO HAIFA
another great War could be the outcome.
One person said to l\/lrs. Cobb, "We hate
the whole world!" She asked, "Do you
hate Americans?" "Yes l" was his an-
swer, more honest than tactful.
A Roumanian lady, for some years a
resident of this country, whom we met in
the compartment of the train from Vienna
to Paris, then on her way back to Ameri-
ca after a rather unsatisfactory visit to
her native town, told us most graphically
of the hatreds between the neighboring
little countries of the Balkan peninsula.
So much do the Hungarians dislike the
Roumanians, and vice-versa, that either
race when traveling in the other country
finds it wise to disguise its nationality. If
this be so, how great must be the hatred
between Greeks and Bulgarians, and es-
pecially, between Greeks and Turks!
The despair in the conquered coun-
tries is terrible. A well dressed lady,
Widow of an Austrian officer, spoke to us
bitterly of the desolate life now confront-
ing her. Not only were living conditions
almost unendurable, but in the present
chaotic economic state of central Europe
for which no relief is in sight, what fu-
ture could she look forward to for her
boy of fourteen? For what profession
should she train him? The outlook was
equally dismal for all the customary pro-
fessions.
To me this seems the greatest tragedy
of all, that no hope for improvement and
amelioration lies in the rising generation.
For their children, parents see nothing
but the darkest outlook.
I would not thus dwell upon the gloom
in Europe, were it not to Bahai vision a
sign of the fulfillment of the prelude to the
coming of the Kingdom; and a most
clear demonstration that nothing but the
power of the love of God can save the
world. For as Buddha said, "Verily, not
by hatred does hatred cease, but only by
love does hatred cease." And Abdul
Baha has told us so many times that only
the power of the Holy Spirit working in
the hearts of men can bring about peace
and restore prosperity to the world.
As for our nine days in Haifa, they
were days naturally full of spiritual in--
spiration. I was especially privileged. in
visiting on several occasions the Holy
Family, a favor not hitherto granted to
male pilgrims to Haifa. They told us in-
timate details of the life and passing of
Abdul he refused every com-
fort which his family tried to secure for
his last days, how upon his death he had
hardly one change of clothing. Anything
above this amount of clothing he had al-
ways given away. Thus his life stands
out as a beacon light, pointing to others
the way of service.
We made many visits and prayers at
the tombs of Abdul Baha and of the Bab.
From the beautiful garden surrounding
the tombs We looked down the mountain
side to the sea, already perceiving in our
imagination the glorious parkway which
sh-all one day rise from the Mediterran-
ean to the Holy Tombs. Even now the
authorities of Haifa are planning to con-
struct such a boulevard, thus fulfilling the
prophecy of Abdul Baha.
The information conveyed to us by a
]ewish girl, a Zionist from jerusalem
whom we met on the train and talked
with at some length, gave us an inspiring
vision of what Haifa will attain to in the
not far distant future, if the Jewish plans
for the development of Palestine are car-
ried out. Haifa they intend to make the
chief port of the eastern Mediterranean
surpassing Beirut and rivaling Alex-
andria and Constantinople. Haifa is situ-
ated" much more advantageously for
trade with the vast hinterland of Mesopo-
tamia than is Beirut or any other city
of Syria or Palestine. It has splendid pos-
sibilities as a harbor. The plan is to
make a vast sea-wall and construct great
docks at which the largest of ships can
unload.
Not only will Haifa flourish but all
Palestine, under the impetus given by
jewish energy and capital. An irrigation
project is already under way which will
embrace practically all of Palestine and
make it blossom like the rose. Under the
protection of Great Britain Jewish capital
will more and more flow to Palestine, and
within this generation it will undoubtedly
become one of the garden spots of the
world. Thus is prophecy fulfilled.

