TWO SHINING LIGHTS OF ISFAHAN 247
the best of protection to those whom we
will leave behind and faithfulness re-
quires that you and I be together in all
the worlds of God."
The executioner was one of those who
for many years had enjoyed the hos-
pitality and generosity of the two broth-
ers. He begged of them, saying, "Just
say a word denying your religion. Then
your lives will "be saved and I shall not
commit so terrible a crime."
The King of the answered,
"You are under orders and it is your
duty to execute them."
So that blood-thirsty oppressor took
them to the field of the of
hope and bandaged their eyes.
During a period of about an hour each
of them hoped that he might be mar-
tyred first and might step out of this
world before the other.
The Sheikh, The Wolf, and Raksha,
The Snake, meanwhile were strolling
upon an elevation, talking to each other
exultantly while waiting, watching with
cruel hearts that pitiful scene. They
signaled the executioner to finish his
work; so, as the two brothers embraced
one another, calling on the Greatest
Name, "Ya Baha El-Abha!" and of-
fered thanks to God he cut off their
heads and stained their blessed bodies
with blood and dust. He then tied their
feet with a rope and threw the bodies in
a public square that the crowds might
see them. After this the bodies were
taken to a hollow piece of ground under
a great wall which had been wrecked
in order to conceal the bodies and place
them beyond reach.
But in the middle of the dark night
the youngest brother, Mirza Ismail, with
several of the servants rescued the
bodies from under the stones and wreck-
age and carrying them outside the city
washed them at the river's brink,
wrapped them in winding sheets and
then, summoning grave diggers, and un-
known to anyone, asked them to dig two
graves in the cemetery. But the grave
diggers were afraid, lest The Wolf and
The Snake might hear of it. So the
two bodies were buried there, in that
place, and the men returned to their
homes in a panic of fear.
Persecutors and disregarders of truth
that they were, those people, especially
Sheikh Zi'b, The Wolf, imagined that
by the killing of these two great souls
the Cause of God would be wiped out
and that with the uprooting of these
two fruit-bearing trees from the divine
rose garden there would remain nor
trace nor sign of the Eternal Rose Gar-
den. After this tragedy they ordered de-
tectives to watch for and to kill any Ba-
hais who might come into the city and
to inform them if any Bahai meetings
were held. They searched, a11d in vain,
to find the graves of the two 
in order that they might destroy the
bodies.
The patience and fortitude of these
great while enduring calamities
and while losing their possessions and
their families in the path of His Holi-
ness the Chosen One and their joyful
and willing acceptance of ordeals is the
greatest proof of the power, influence,
greatness and truth of this Cause. More-
over, the mighty influence of this great
Cause upon the spiritual training of
mankind became clear and evident man-
ifested as it was in these 
through their greatness, their important
positions, both material and spiritual,
and through their cultivation a11d their
severance. In like manner the wicked-
ness of the leaders of the people, their
tyranny and selfishness became appar-
ent to every one. Indeed, this great
calamity affected 11ot only the Bahais
but many of the fanatical people
mourned them and paid tribute to
them, chanting poems, of which this is
one of the verses: "Heaven, perhaps,
had none other arrow than this in its
quiver!"
Soon after these happenings relations
were broken between Raksha a11d the
prince. Raksha tied, and hid himself.
After a while, on that place on his neck
which he had indicated when he stood
before the prince and said, am will-
ing to have the responsibility of killing
the two brothers fall on my neck," there
appeared an abscess, which became so
infected and unpleasant that his own

