STAR OF WEST 27
News from the Philippine Islands
Letter from Melrza ossein outy
To the STAR on THE Wnsr:
. . . . By unexpected chance, I
came to the Philippine Islands. Now it
is about four months that I have been
in Mindanao. As the island is Amer-
ican territory, I feel nearer to the Amer-
ican brothers than the Eastern brothers.
One month previous I ventured on an
inland journey, beginning from Lianga
(situated on the east coast of the Pa-
cific), across northern Mindanao toward
Butuan, which is situated on the bank
of the Agusan River at the west coast
of the Pacific Ocean. My journey was
partly by trail and partly in a dug-out
canoe on the above mentioned river.
Anywhere I find an interpreter for
the local languages I deliver to them the
new tidings of brotherhood. I am sur-
prised to find these islands good and
virgin field for the Bahai Movement. I
think, up to the present time, none of
the Bahai teachers have ventured to
come to these places. The islanders are
very kind hearted, simple and ready to
embrace the Bahai teachings. But it
is essential to speak the Spanish lan-
guage and if possible Tagalog (the most
important some fifteen dialects) the lan-
guage of northern Philippine.
The population of Mindanao could be
divided into three main groups:
First, the Visayan or the emigrants
from the island of Cebu (a subdivision
of Malayan and Chinese mixture). The
Visayans are Christians, belonging to
the Roman Catholic Church, and are the
inhabitants of northern Mindanao.
Second, the Manobo tribe. These peo-
ple are nearly the aboriginals. They
live on the inland mountains in a semi-
Wild way. These people do not belong
to any of the modern religions, but as
far as I could investigate they believe
in God. They are a kind of idolators
of their own from ancient time. Prob-
ably it was introduced to them, but at
present there is no mark of it. Al-
though these tribesmen do not like set-
tling down and farming, yet under the
good 'office of the United States Gov-
ernment they are settling themselves in
small towns and occupying farms from
which they raise such products as hemp,
indian corn, tobacco and sweet potatoes.
Third, the Moros, who are the inhabi-
tants of southern Mindanao. These peo-
ple by religion are Mohammedans and
they are easily distinguished from the
other Filipinos. They are the descen-
dants of the Malayan army who were
under the command of a certain prince
named Kabungusuwan, the son of the
King of Juhor. About two centuries
before the Spaniards discovered the
Archipelago they conquered western
Mindanao and established therein an
independent kingdom whereby Moham-
medanism was introduced to their new
subjects. Nearly all the population of
western Mindanao belongs to this race,
who are as fanatical as the other M0-
hammedan nations. But I prefer hon-
oring a religious fanatic to a semi-
ignorant, careless naturalist.
However, I had conversation with all
these tribes and I liked them all. I hope
that I will succeed in showing them the
highway of brotherhood and conducting
them to the high tent which is pitched
by His Holiness BAHA for the
whole population of the earth.
I would greatly appreciate if you
could supply me the STAR or TI-IE 
all bound in covers, from its beginning
up to the present.
Allaho' Abha! to all beloved brothers
and sisters.
Yours sincerely,
Mirea ossein Touty.

