Whereas men are troubled, or ineffect-
ively seeking something good, Abdul
Baha stood serenely illumined behind the
shadow of darkness, and was the point
of absolute peace within the heart of the
storm. If we would admit the Holy
Spirit into our souls, we should turn to
the Holy Spirit in its direct expression
in the life and words of Abdul Baha.
The world intensifies our attachment to
the personal desires and changing
thoughts which veil the true inner Self;
Abdul Baha releases that attachment,
burns the veils, and sets the spirit free.
And this is that Which Paul intended
when he said "Now we see through a
glass darkly, but then shall we see face to
face for the seeing darkly is the seeing
the effects of the Holy Spirit in the
world, while the seeing face to face is
the seeing of the Holy Spirit in its
chosen vehicle and perfect, uncondi-
tioned expression. By turning to Abdul
Baha we grow conscious of the true
purpose of our existence, and as we grow
conscious of this purpose it acquires pre-
dominance over our personal thoughts
and desires. "Wis-dom is from above."
Therefore, whoever is concerned about
the establishment of peace, he sees forces
in the world for and against peace--a
vast confusion of efforts and opinions;
but in Abdul Baha he will find. the very
essence of peace, the peace maker, an
ever-continued inspiration to nobler ac-
tion, like a tree whose fruits are re-
newed as often as they are picked.
Whoever is concerned about the nature
of being, its origin, its expression and
activity, its growth, its fulfillment and
its end; he finds in the world 'wisdoms"
that allure and powers that flatter the
self he now is; but in Abdul Baha he
will find the Self of all the selves, whose
riches can only be expressed in poverty,
and whose ecstasy is proved in pain.
And it is the same whether one is con~
cerned about these matters or about in-
dustrial stability, justice, women's
rights, education, the protection and care
of children or the reconciliation of the
religions and creeds: there is only one
mirror where these matters can be wit-
nessed in their true, universal aspect and
significance, and that mirror is the heart
of Abdul Baha. Those who can measure
the world's leaders with a true spiritual
measure, they will agree.
(To be continued.)
BAHAI LOVE
God filled the chalice of the moon
Full to the brim with pure and flowing light,
Of sweeter radiance than the golden noon,
Spilling from cloud to cloud upon the night.
He buried deep within the forest moss
Cool, sweetly fragrant springs. His wind blown free
Across the world, where breakers toss
Draws wild majestic music from the sea.
He wrote his love across the morning skies;
He whispered it in tender words and kind
Upon the lips of men, and in their eyes
Illuminate, it I was blind.
God's beauty and his light I never knew
Till I beheld them in the heart of you.
138
Gorreta Helen Busey.

