had reached the garden again, we found
a few Hindu soldiers there. They were
talking with the Tomb- keeper and we
were told that many of them (not Bahais
at all) would often come to the gate of
this sacred place, kiss the wall and with-
draw again, explaining that they felt
and knew that they were standing on
holy ground.
During the afternoon we saw the Riz-
wan. We also visited the barracks,
where the first Bahais with Baha 'U1lah
and Abdul Baha spent their years of
imprisonment. Filled with sacred mem-
ories We returned in the evening to
Haifa. The next morning We were to
leave for Tiberias, where the blessed
Master expected us.
Azizullah Bahadur accompanied us to
Abdul Baha. From the train we could
see Nazareth. We finally reached the
Jordan valley and arrived, after three
hours' ride, at the southern end of Lake
Tiberias, whence we continued by boat
to the old and unique little town of
Tiberias. So we finally reached the goal
of our journey. We were to see Abdul
Baha.
How I wish that I could be worthiel"
to tell of his glory, as he walked among
men in human flesh, unknown to most
people, and understood by a few only.
Onthe day of our arrival we got only a
few glimpses of the Beloved, but they
were sufficient to make us realize that
his power and authority were not of
this world. It was a bright and lumi-
nous Easter morning when the Master
called us into his room. Oh, that I
could picture him to all those who never
saw him, could picture him in those sim-
ple surroundings at the shores of that
same lake where Christ Walked and
taught. Though I feared to approach
him, after his lo-ving words of welcome
this fear vanished. Here We Sat before
our Master, in a little room, with only
the most necessary furnishings, on top
of the hotel, with a view of that blessed
lake. His look seems to go into one's
141
very heart. Yes, he knows his children
and their need. As I think of him now,
I always love to think, first, of his great
simplicity, his marvelous humility
which knows of no self-existence, and
last, or better, first, of his boundless
love. To us his outward appearance
seemed similar to that of the old Hebrew
Prophets; his humility, his simplicity
and love were like the Christ. This
boundless love conquered the hearts at
once. Abdul Baha talked to us with a
ringing, piercing voice which will for-
ever sound in my ears. His words
would come forth with that unique sim-
plicity, then he would pause for a while,
often closing his eyes. His spirit, it
seemed when I dared to look at him,
had left his body; he was looking into
infinitude, eommuning with that world
for which we long. Having seen.l1im,
we could understand well what he meant
when he said to us, "The prophet dis-
cerns by sight." "Te came before him,
my husband especially, with many,
many questions in our minds, but sit-
ting in his presence we seemed to for-
get them, or better, there did not exist
any unsolved problems. He said, God
has created a remedy for every disease,"
and while in his presence, we tasted of
this remedy.
During the days of our stay at the
hotel we saw Abdul Baha often. We
followed him as he walked peacefully
to a nearby garden. Unknown he
passed through the crowd. We saw him
come back to the hotel, climbing the
many steps to his room with a youthful-
ness that made my husband say "It
looks as if he were carried over these
flights of steps by unseen hands."
Though he w.as at Tiberias for a rest
he received visitors all day long. Dur-
ing those three days spent near him his
love would more and more fill our hearts,
so that my heart was sad and depressed
when on Tuesday morning I realized
that he was to say good-bye to us that
day. And as he b-ade us good-bye our

