The Bahai Revelation
RAPIDLY SPREADING THROUGHOUT THE WORLD, AND ATTRACT.
ING THE ATTENTION OF SCHOLARS, SAVANTS AND
RELIGIONISTS OF ALL COUNTRIES--ORIENTAL
AND OCCIDENTAL
The Bahai Revelation proclaims
the time of universal peace and
provides the base for the universal
religion-the hope of the ages. It
points the way and supplies the means
for the unity of mankind in the knowl-
edge and love of truth under the high
banner of justice and mercy.
It is divine in origin, human in
presentation, sane, practical and appli-
cable to life in its every phase. In
belief it inculcates naught but truth;
in action, naught but good; in human
relations, naught but loving service.
For the information of those who
know little or nothing of the Bahai
Revelation we quote the following
account translated from the (French)
of Larousse:
BAHAISM: THE RELIGION OF THE
DISCIPLES OF AN OUT-
COME OF Husian Ali
Nuri, BAHA was born at Teheran
in 1817 A. D. From 1844 he was one of
the first adherents of the Bab, and devoted
himself to the pacific propagation of his
doctrine in Persia. After the death of the
Bab he was, with the principal Babis, exiled
to Baghdad, and later to Constantinople and
Adrrianople, under the surveillance of the
Ottoman Government. It was in the latter
city that he openly declared his mission,
. . . and in his letters to the principal Rulers
of the States of Europe he invited them to
join him in establishing religion and uni-
versal peace. From this time, the Babis
who acknowledged him became Bahais. The
Sultan then exiled him (1868 A. D.) to
Acca in Palestine, where he co-mposed the
greater part of his doctrinal works, and
where he died in I892 A. D. (May 29).
He had confided to his son, Abbas Effendi
(Abdul-Baha), the work of spreading the
religion and continuing the connection be-
tween the Bahais of all parts of the world.
in po-int of fact, there are Bahais every-
where, not only in Mohammedan countries,
but also in all the countries of Europe, as
well as in the United States, Canada, Japan,
India, etc. This is because BAHA 
has known how to transform Babism into a
universal religion, which is presented as the
fulfillment and completion of all the ancient
faiths. The Jews await the Messiah, the
Christians the return of Christ, the Moslems
the Mahdi, the Buddhists, the fifth Buddha,
the Zoroastrians Shah Bah-am, the Hindoos
the reincarnation of Krishir-a, and the
Atheists--a better social organization!
BAHA represents all these, and
thus destroys the rivalries and the enmities
of the different religions; reconciles them
in their primitive purity, and frees them
from the corruption of dogmas and rites.
For Bahaism has no clergy, no religious
ceremonial, no public prayers; its only
dogma is belief in God and in His Manifes-
tations. . . . . The principal works of
are the Kitab-ul-lghan, the
Kitab-ul-Akdas, the Kitab-ul-Ahd, and nu-
merous letters or tablets addressed to sover-
eigns or to private individuals. Ritual holds
no place in the religion, which must be
expressed in all the actions of life, and
acco-mplished in neighborly love. Every one
must have an occupation. The "education of
children is enjoined and regulated. No one
has the power to receive confession of sins,
or to give abs-olution. The priests of the
existing religions should renounce celibacy,
and should preach by their example, min-
gling in the life of the people. Monogamy
is universally recommended, etc. Questions
not treated of are left to the civil law of
each country, and to the decisions of the
Bait-ul-Adl, or House of Justice, instituted
by BAHA Respect toward the Head
of the State is a part of respect toward God.
A universal language, and the creation of
tribunals of arbitration between nations, are
to suppress wars. "You are all leaves of
the same tree, and drops of the same sea,"
BAHA has said. Briefly, it is not so
much a new religion, as Religion renewed
and unified, which is directed today by Ab-
Larousse sup-
plement, p. 60.)

