soul and heart and mind, striving to accomplish that Work, for which their Lord
had suffered.
Thanks be unto God, that Abdul Baha has left many friends, who are ready
to give up all their days, their comfort and happiness, to spread the
teachings of the Bahai Cause, which, when known and understood by the noble
and pureaninded, will change the heart of the world.
We have been consoled and comforted by the visits of many dear friends
from all parts of the World. They have been our great support in these sorrow-
ful days. We are very glad to have one of these friends, Lady Blomfield, still
with us. She accompanied our beloved Shoghi Effendi and his sister when they
returned from England. She was just like a very kind mother to them in the
hour of their deepest sorrow; and ever since she has been here, she has been
occupied with many useful works, connected with various matters, necessary to
the good of the Cause. We are all extremely sorry that she is leaving us in the
immediate future, to continue her work in Europe on her return journey to
London.
I am sure We shall achieve much more in these days, than in the earth life
of the Master, because the agony of the parting has so softened our hearts, that
our one aim and desire is to give joy to his blessed Spirit.
When the Shepherd is gone, the sheep must stand closer together to protect
each other from the attacks of wolves.
Therefore let us not be depressed. I know that if we turn our whole hearts
to God, we shall surely hear the music of the voice of Abdul Baha singing
therein. Listen in the night season, We shall hear him say: am with you,
fear not, neither be cast down by sorrow!"
Hearken at morn: He is saying: "Arise for the service of the Cause of
God, and the spreading of His Truth."
Listen at noontide, you will hear him say: "Faint not, though the flame of
your sorrow be burning hot, for soon you shall be refreshed by the cooling
breeze of God's Mercy."
Listen at twiligl1t--~his voice is saying: "Be happy, rest and trust in me,
for I love you, and I will never leave you nor forsake you, my children. Be
united! Be patient! Be hopeful, be faithful!"
I am sure our Beloved desires for us all, joy, happiness of heart and an
abundant baptism of the Holy Spirit.
Therefore let us prepare our souls to receive this great and glorious Gift in
these, our wonderful the Prophets and Saints in past ages longed
to see! They were deprived of this blessing, to which we have attained!
I am thankful to say that we have glad tidings from Persia, Where the
friends are arising in renewed strength and unity to serve the Cause with faith-
fulness and loyalty.
It is ever thus, when our Beloved passes from earth into the wider world,
those, whose sorrow is overwhelming, find relief in striving to accomplish all
he Would wish to have done.
I am glad to say that our dear Protector of the Cause, Shoghi Effendi, is
now resting from the work which was so immense. He felt it necessary to go
into retreat, in order to pray, and concentrate and meditate on the glorious and
difficult task entrusted to him, and to gain the strength needed for its fulfilment.
Shoghi Eifendi is precious to all the Bahai friends, for he is our leader, be-
queathed to us by Abdul Baha.
119

