SOME QUESTIONS ABOUT SCIENCE
AND RELIGION
Interviews with Abdul Baha at Tiberias (Z/I'bd Haifa.
by ANNA KUNZ
The following exquisite picture describes the approach of two very devout
Christians, Professor and Mrs. Kunz to the Holy Land and their interviews with
Abdul Baha at the Easter season in 1921. Professor Kunz is a university
scientist. His wife is the daughter of a prominent professor of theology. They
were sojourning in Switzerland, their homeland, whence they traveled to Pales-
tine in March of 1921.--Edit0r.
TO approach Haifa by boat is most
wonderful. It was just a few min-
utes before midnight of March twenty-
second, 1921, when the "Karlsbad" en-
tered the blessed harbor of Haifa, drop-
ping anchor about a mile off the shore.
The full moon stood bright and glorious
over Mount Carmel. Along the sea
shore, up towards the mountain every
house could be seen. There were a few
lights only, but the moon illumined the
whole country most beautifully. My
heart was aching as I stood in silent
prayer, but the wonderful spirit of that
sacred place and land soon filled my
heart and I realized that we had finally
reached the Holy in the
past, holy in this great day of God and
holy forever.
Early in the morning my husband
and I were met by Dr. Lotfullah Hakim,
whom Abdul Baha had sent. Abdul
Baha was not at Haifa. After a severe
illness he had gone to Tiberias for a
rest. In his absence, we were beauti-
fully taken care of by his family and
friends. Awaiting Abdul Baha's fur-
ther instructions as to when we should
be permitted to meet him, we enjoyed
Haifa and Acca.
In the pilgrim house, located near
Abdul Baha's house, we were given a
room with a view up Mount Carmel. It
did not take us long to understand why
this rather low mountain range was
called the Mountain of God. His spirit
indeed lingers there. The whole at-
mosphere seemed laden with a glorious
something, with a great peace, with a
joy from on high. This mountain, sa-
cred through the memory of past
prophets has received a new baptism of
the spirit in this dispensation. Shortly
after our arrival we were climbing over
the rocky path to the Tomb of the Bab.
It was a glorious spring morning. The
birds were singing, flowers of all kinds
were blooming everywhere. Mount (lar-
mel seemed to speak aloud of all the
blessings that God had spread there.
It is true, we were greatly favored to be
permitted to come to those places dur-
ing the year's most beautiful season.
But we deeply felt, though the outward
beauty of that country was heavenly,
that there was another beauty dominant,
a beauty that could never vanish. The
beauty of the spirit will always linger
there and will be found by the pilgrims
of any season. God's spirit surrounds
139

