damental principles of God and all their
uncertainties were dispelled. Then, on
the last evening he dramatically an-
nounced that truly all that (they had)
heard conformed with reality; and
everyone agreed with him. Then, and
not until then everyone realized that
this third person was the friend of the
first two souls. For this reason it is re-
vealed in the blessed verse: "We have
glorified them by the appearance of a
third person.' .
"This story illustrates the meaning of
wisdom. Therefore the teacher must
speak according to the acceptable stand-
ard of the place and the time so that his
words may affect the hearts and the peo-
ple may understand his address. Teach-
ing the Cause of God in this manner will
produce fruits. must not remain
stationary and silent. If the thousand-
voiced nightingale does not break into
musical trills and rapturous melodies it
is like a mute sparrow. If the thrush of
the rose garden of significances does not
sing tuneful lays and sweet airs it is the
speechless, Wingless jaybird. If the dove
of the garden of mysteries does 11ot coo
it is the raven of the wretched ash heap.
If the peacock of the Paradise of im-
mortality docs not display its multicol-
ored plumage it is the black raven of the
desolate ruin of mortality. Conse-
quently, if ye are of the birds of the
gardens of sanctity flutter ye your wings
and soar heavenward. If ye are of the
nightingales of the Rizwan of the Lord
of Lords then sing and warble His
glorification. If ye are of the lovers of
the countenance of the Almighty then
raise your voices and demonstrate your
sincerity. If ye are of the wooers of the
face of the Beloved then cry and Weep
disconsolately, so that you may throw
an earthquake into the pillars of the
world, burn the hearts of mankind with
the burning fire of God's conflagration,
intoxicate and exhilarate all the lovers
and yearning ones with the wine of
glory and attain to the ultimate hope of
the favored ones and the highest aspira-
tion of the sincere ones.
(Recorded and translated by Mirza
Ahmad Sohrab.)
VISION
BY GAR-RETA IIELEN Busnr
Are you then one to Whom I dare relate
The great white dreams that beat upon my siglit"?
Have you been lifted high above the night
\Vith its dim stars, to the fair shining gate
Of dawn; beheld the sombre face of Fate
In its eternal beauty; and been free
From the World's long heart-ache and its misery
Of fear, despair, of weariness, a11d hate?
You answer not, and all unheeding go
Along the highway. I may never know
If you have ridden on the wings of light--
But as you pass, your face is very bright,
As if, in the clear mirrors of your eyes
"Tore caught some straying gleams of paradise.

