STAR OF THE WEST 61
There BAHA and his family re-
mained priso-ners for twelve years until
they were banished by the Turkish gov-
ernment to Constantinople, Adrianople,
and finally they were sent to the prison
of Acca in the Holy Land.
BAHA sent his message to all
the rulers of the world and showed them
the way that leads to the peace and hap-
piness of the world. The substance of
His message is as follows: The oneness
of the world of humanity and the inde-
pendent investigation of reality; the
abandonment of racial, religious and
patriotic prejudices; the world's relig-
ious unity; harmony between science and
religion; equal rights and justice be-
tween men and Women; universal peace
and the establishment of an interna-
tional tribunal; universal compulsory
education and the adoption of an inter-
national auxiliary language; solution of
the economic problem and voluntary
sharing and distribution of wealth.
"In short, with such heavenly teach-
ings BAHA 'UnnAn; laid the foundation
of universal peace and estab-lished the
Kingdom of God on earth, attracted the
hearts of the sincere and opened the
minds of the wise throughout the world.
In 1892, when he completed his work,
he left this world, entrusting the affairs
of the Cause to his beloved son, the
greatest Branch, Abdul-Baha. From
1892 until this year Abdul-Baha himself
carried the banner of the teachings of
BAHA to the great capitals of
the nations of the world--to Egypt,
France, Austria, Germany, Switzerland,
England, America and Canada. His
writings and tablets were spread by his
faithful friends throughout the world,
and today in every country, state and
city there are Bahais living up to these
heavenly teachings and ideals; 'their
problems solved, their hearts rejoicing
with the glad tidings of the Kingdom,
their necks become free from the chains
of prejudices, blind imitations and su-
perstitions.
"The Bahais in the East adore those
in the West. Those of the North em-
brace those of the South. The German,
French, English, Arabian, Persian, Turk
and others who are Bahais love and
associate with one another with the ut-
most joy and fragrance. Such is the
power of the heavenly teachings.
"Before closing, I beg of this illum-
ined audience to listen carefully to a
most -important and thrilling message
from my Master, Abdul-Baha. I was
favored by being in his sacred presence
just a year ago in the Holy Land.
He said: 'If the white and colored races
do not come to an agreement, there can
be no question or doubt of bloodshed.
'When I was in America I told the white
and colored people that it was incumbent
upon them to be united or else there
would be the shedding of blood. I did not
say more than this, so that they might
not be saddened. But, indeed, there is
agreater danger than only the shedding
of blood, it is the destruction of Amer-
ica. Because, aside from the racial prej-
udice, there is another agitating factor.
It is the hostility of America 's enemies.
These enemies are agitating both sides;
that is, they are stirring up the white
race against the colored race and the
colored race against the white race. But
of this the Americans are submerged in
the sea of ignorance. They shall regret
it. But of what use will their regret be
after the destruction of America'? Will
it be any use then? I mention things
before they happen and I write about
them before they occur. The bombing
of two or three houses is of no impor-
tance, but the importance lies in what
is coming, Which is the destruction of
America. The Arabs have many prov-
erbs. For instance, 'Heavy rain begins
with drops before the downpour,' and
'The dancer starts with shaking the
shoulder, then the whole body.' Now is
the time for Americans to take up this
matter and unite both the white and the
colored races. Otherwise, hasten ye
towards destruction! Hasten ye towards
devastation!' 

