ECONOMIC HAPPINESS 229
and his income one hundred thousand.
If he pays, say, thirty-five thousand dol-
lars, in addition to the expenditure of
five thousand he still has sixty thousand
left. But if his expenses be ten thousand
and his income two hundred thousand
then he must give _an even half because
ninety thousand Will be in that case the
sum remaining. Such a scale as this will
determine allotment of taxes. All the
income from such revenues Will go to
this general storehouse.
Then there must be considered such
emergencies as follows: a certain farmer
whose expenses run up to ten thousand
dollars and Whose income is only five
thousand, he Will receive necessary ex-
penses from this storehouse. Five thou-
sand dollars Will be alloted to him so he
Will not be in need.
Then the orphans Will be looked after
all of Whose expenses be taken care
of. The cripples in the village--all their
expenses Will be looked after. The poor
in the village--the1r necessary expenses
will be defrayed. And other members
Who for valid reasons are incapacitated
--the blind, the old, the deaf--thcir_ com-
fort must be looked after. In the village
no one Will remain in need or in Want.
All Will live in the utmost_comfor_t and
Welfare. Yet no scism the
general order of the body politic.
Hence the expenses or expenditures of
the general storehouse are now made
clear and its activities made manifest-
The income of this general storehouse has
been shown. Certain trustees Will be
elected by the people in a given village
to look after these transactions. The
farmers Will be taken care of and if after
all these expenses are defrayed any sur-
plus is found in the storehouse it must
be transferred to the National Treasury.
This system is all thus ordered so that
in the -village the very poor be com-
fortable, the orphans Will live happily
and Well; in a Word, no one Will be left
destitute. All the individual members
of the body politic Will thus live com-
fortably and Well.
For larger cities, naturally, there Will
be a system on a larger scale. Were I
to go into that solution the details there-
of Would be very 
The result of this (system) Will be
that each individual member of the body
politic Will live most comfortably and
happily under obligation to no one.
Nevertheless, there Will be preservation
of degrees because in the World of hu-
manity there must needs be degrees. The
body politic may Well be likened to an
army. In this army there must be a gen-
eral, there must be a sergeant, there must
be a marshal, there must be the infantry;
but all must enjoy the greatest comfort
and Welfare.
God is not partial and is no respecter
of persons. has made provision for
all. The harvest comes forth for every-
one. The rain showers upon everybody
and the heat of the sun is destined to
Warm everyone. The verdure of the
earth is for everyone. Therefore there
should be for all humanity the utmost
happiness, the utmost comfort, the
utmost Well-being.
But if conditions are such that some
are happy and comfortable and some
in misery; some are accumulating ex-
horbitant Wealth and others are in dire
Want--under such a system it is impos-
sible for man to be happy and impossible
for him to Win the good pleasure of God.
God is kind to all. The good pleasure
of God consists in the Welfare of all the
individual members of mankind.
A Persian king Was one night in his
palace, living in the greatest luxury and
comfort. Through excessive joy and
gladness he addressed a certain man,
saying: "Of all my life this is the
happiest moment. Praise be to God,
from every point prosperity appears
and fortune smiles! My treasury is full
and the army is well taken care of. My
palaces are many; my land unlimited;
my family is Well off; my honor and
sovereignty are great. What more could
I Want!"
The poor man at the gate of his palace
spoke out, saying: kind king!
Assuming that you are from every point
of view so happy, free from every Worry
and sadness-- do you not Worry for us?
You say that on your oWn account you
have no Worries--but do you never
Worry about the poor in your land'? Is
it becoming or meet that you should

