Spirit, and if We are strong enough to
obey the commands We receive our im-
pulses are overcome, We obtain eternal
life and become rational beings instead
of merely animals Who Walk erect.
Many believers are only mental be-
lievers. They have never taken time to
abstract themselves from the turmoil of
the outer life and hear the "still, small
voice" which is only audible to the
inner ear. Baha'Ullah says: "We
speak one word and by it we intend one
and seventy one of
them We can explain."
These one and seventy meanings are
not simply shades of mental and spirit-
ual interpretation but often facts of life
which We can only understand through
prayer and self-control. The individual
who is no longer capable of anger, envy,
ambition or revenge, Who does no-t feel
such impulses, Who is made ill by in-
dulgence in gossip and scandal, and
therefore no longer tolerates them has
entered the spiritual path and is begin-
ning to know eternal life.
These are some of the results of real
meditation, when it is sought as a means
of purifying the outer man, not merely
as a spiritual pleasure and intoxication.
The latter is delightful but not educat-
ing, and people who form the habit of
meditation without deeds sometimes fall
into serious nervous trouble. Medita-
tion lights a fire Within us which de-
mands fuel, the fuel of growth and
thoughtful activity, and if We refuse to
feed it with these, it is liable to burn up
its own oven! And this, of course, is
not particularly agreeable or advanta-
geous for the oven. However, Abdul
Baha says: "The test' of existence is
motion. An object which has in itself
the power of motion lives; if motion is
Withheld growth ceases. That is mor-
tality. . . . If the reality of man is
not confirmed by the divine power there
is no doubt whatsoever but that it will
stop along the path of human progress,
and after its stop there Will be a fall."
The confirmation of this divine power
comes to us through meditation and its
resultant deeds. And one sees the great
advance daily among those who are
seeking spiritual truth. Sight comes
into the eyes, happiness to the heart,
and though outward circumstances may
not be What one desires, the light and
happiness are not diminished. Such
light and such happiness are from with-
in and are not dependent upon exterior
happenings.
GREEN ACRE
By WILLIAM H. RANDALL
THERE is one spot in America that
has always been the soil of Peace,
and before Columbus dreamed of a
Westem world, it was a zone dedicated
to Peace by the Indian Chiefs who gath-
ered on this sacred ground to smoke the
Pipe of Good-will; it was owned by all
and possessed by none, just as God cre-
ated the earth.
This historic spot is situated in Eliot,
Me., on the banks of the beautiful Pis-
cataqua River, named by the Indians
"River of Light," as the sunset turned
it to gold. As in those days the camp
fires heralded from tribe to tribe the
covenant of the peace of the red men,
so in this day, on the same spot, the
Green Acre flag bears the emblem
"Peace" t.o the whole world.
On his return from America the very
first night Abdul Baha spoke to the
friends who had gathered at the eve-
ning meeting in his home at Haifa in
these Words: "There is a place in
America called Green Acre. It is cus-
tomary during the months of summer
for people of different creeds and reli-
gions to gather there and the leaders
110

