OUR NEW SUBSCRIPTION OFFERS
Five months subscription to a new subscriber, $1.00. Two subscrip-
tions to one address, $5.00. "Ten subscriptions to one address, $22.00 (in
America). Two subscriptions, one to come each month, one to be sent in a
bound volume at the end of the year, $5.50 for the two subscriptions, bound
volume in cloth; $5.75 for the two subscriptions, bound volume in leather;
postage for bound volume additional. Single copies 25 cents each, or ten
copies to one address, $2.00.
A BAHAI LIBRARY
The bound volumes of the Star of the West are a treasure house which
every student of Bahai literature seeks to acquire. They contain within
their pages glorious addresses and Tablets of Abdul Baha, priceless records
of Bahai history, wonderful descriptions of the daily life of Abdul Baha
and his spiritual influence in transforming human character and the
dynamic, life-giving words which lift each longing human soul toward its
divine destiny. One realizes the wealth of heavenly teachings and Bahai
records in the back numbers of the Star of the West only when one sees
them bound together.
The supply of Vol. I is now exhausted. Vol. II, which tells of Abdul
Baha's addresses in Europe, is now becoming rare and, with Vol. will
soon be exhausted. Vol. and Vol. IV contain the records of the Master 's
visit to America and his second visit to Europe. Vol. and Vol. VI
contain Bahai news during the Great War. Vol. VII and Vol. are
radiant with the wonderful compilations on "The Divine Art of Living"
and "The New Covenant." These compilations go to the very heart of
the spiritual life, its divine its joy, its glory, its power to
transform the world. Vol. IX, Vol. and Vol. XI are filled with Abdul
Baha's Tablets after the war and beautiful accounts of visits with him in
the Holy Land. Vol. XII contains the immortal narration of the last days
and Ascension of Abdul Baha. Beautifully bound in three-fourths leather
these volumes may be had for $3.50 each; if two volumes are bound
together, for $6.00. There still remains a limited number of the special
volume containing the chapters on "The Divine Art of Living." This
volume may be had for $2.50, postage additional. Bahavl News Service,
P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Illinois, U. S. A.
222

