a long way oft, for we were forced to go
slowly and to pick our way, but night
had entirely closed in when we came to
a stop before the low doorway of a little
one-story house. One of the young men,
secretary of the Master, came out to meet
and greet us, and for a few tense mo-
ments we were kept waiting in the hall
of the house before We were told that
we might enter the Master's room.
How strange it seems to be trying to
express the sensations of those moments!
I cannot say what was most deeply im-
pressed on me at the time for everything
was so new and I was so utterly unpre-
pared for all that I was to see, even
though I had listened to many accounts
of visits of pilgrims before it became my
own blessing to go. Abdul Baha rose as
we entered the room and stretching out
his hands he bade us welcome and seated
us beside him quite as if we had always
been known to him, removing for us
once and for all time the feeling of dif-
fidence which was only natural when
stepping into that majestic presence.
Here indeed was majesty, but the sur-
roundings were of the simplest that I
had ever seen. Here was hospitality, a
hospitality which might have been used
toward persons of great distinction; and
here was dignity, a dignity which is
only born of heavenly knowledge and
which walks with the Lord of men!
Each phase of the Master's manner
sank deeply into my heart as each new
impression was born within me, a new
sense of how we should be to be worthy
to deliver to the world the teachings of
the Cause of God which he came to es-
tablish and to fulfill.
How small we seemed, how weak and
immature, how unworthy and how fruit-
less! To have been ushered into that
presence and to have gone empty-
handed, to have been accepted of him,
and to have had nothing to otter but our
humble willingness! Oh the shame of
it! And yet he welcomed us as if we
had been deserving children returned
for our reward!
As I think of the opportunities which
he has made possible for us, of the ex-
ample which he came to set for us, noth-
ing, with the help of the Power of the
Covenant, is impossible. I wonder how
we can ever fall short of the greatest
reverence of which humanity is capable,
of the greatest delicacy for which all
things of the Spirit call! It is time that
we should be adorning ourselves with
those attributes which will make worthy
exponents of the Cause. Let these words
of his be our constant inspiration and
reminders:
"l desire for you distinction. The
Bahais must be distinguished from
others of humanity. But this distinc-
tion must not depend upon wealth--that
they should become more affluent than
other people. I do not desire for you
financial distinction. It is not an ordi-
nary distinction that I desire; not scien-
tific, commercial, industrial distinction.
For you I desire spiritual distinction;
that is, you must become eminent and
distinguished in morals. In the love of
God you must become distinguished
from all else. You must become dis-
tinguished for loving humanity; for
unity and accord; for love andjustice.
In brief, you must become distinguished
for all the virtues of the human world;
for faithfulness and sincerity, for justice
and fidelity, for firmness and steadfast-
ness, for philanthropic deeds and service
to the human world, for love toward
every human being, for unity and ac-
cord with all people, for removing preju-
dices and promoting international peace.
Finally, you must become distinguished
for heavenly illumination and acquiring
the bestowals of God. I desire this dis-
tinction for you. This must be the point
of distinction among you."
This must not be of profession only,
but by actually making these 'words part
of our every day life. Upon us depends
the greatest of all responsibilities. That
we may be worthy!
117

