234 STAR OF THE WEST
that occasion, one and all united with
the same faith and aspiration.
remember walking alone with the
Master on Mount Carmel's slopes, shar-
ing his frugal meals in his Haifa house,
listening to his melodious chanting with-
in the Garden Tomb, living as one of the
family within Baha'Ullah's house at
Acca.
"There is no death. The Master lives
on in our midst, and the great spiritual
work of human redemption goes forward
unceasingly.
"Despite the apparent world tribula-
tions of the present hour, the dawn of
a new Day approaches, and it is the
privilege of every man and Woman alive
today to work serenely and faithfully
for the coming of world peace and true
human brotherhood."
It is very fitting that in commemo-
ration of the Ascension of Abdul Baha
one year ago We quote some of the im-
mortal sentences from the last will and
testament of the Master as they were
-chosen by Shoghi Effendi, the Guardian
of the Cause and Lady Bloomfield in
their little book, "The Passing of Abdul
Baha." We quote also the connecting
sentences from this wonderful booklet
and. at the close, extracts from two of
Abdul Baha's last Tablets.
ye beloved of the Lord! In this
sacred Dispensation, conflict and con-
tention are in no wise permitted. Every
aggressor deprives himself of God's
grace. It is incumbent upon everyone to
show the utmost love, rectitude of con-
duct, straightforwardness and sincere
kindliness unto allthe peoples and kin-
dreds of the world, be they friends or
strangers. So intense must be the spirit
of love and lovingkindness that the
stranger may find himself a friend, the
enemy a true brother, no difference
whatsoever existing between them.
"For universalitv is of God and all
limitations are 
"Thus man must strive that this re-
ality may manifest virtues and perfec-
tions, the light whereof may shine upon
everyone. The light of the sun shineth
upon all the World and the merciful
showers of Divine Providence fall upon
all peoples. The vivifying breeze reviv-
eth every living creature, and all beings
endued with life obtain their share and
portion at His heavenly board. In like
manner the affections and lovingkind-
ness of the servants of the One True
God must be bountifully and universally
extended to all mankind. Regarding
this, restrictions and limitations are in
no wise permitted.
"Wherefore, my loving friends!
Consort with all the peoples, kindreds
and religions of the world with the ut-
most truthfulness, uprightness, faithful-
ness, kindliness, good-will and friendli-
ness; that all the world of being may be
filled with the holy ecstacy of the grace
of Baha; that ignorance, enmity, hate
and rancour may vanish from the world
and the darkness of estrangemcnt amidst
the peoples and kindreds of the world
may give way to the light of Unity.
Should other peoples and nations be
unfaithful to you. show your fidelity
unto them; should they be unjust to-
wards you, show justice towards them;
should they keep aloof from you, attract
them to yourselves; should they show
their enmity, be friendly towards them;
should they poison your lives, sweeten
their souls; should they inflict a wound
upon you. be a salve to their sores. Such
are the attributes of the sincere! Such
are the attributes of the truthful!
ye beloved of the Lord! Strive
with all your hearts to shield the Cause
of God from the onslaught of the in-
sincere. for such souls as these cause the
straight. to become crooked and all be-
nevolent efforts to produce contrary re-
sults."
Regarding the afflictions and trials
that have befallen him in this world
and his desire for Abdul
Baha reveals the following:
God, my God! Thou seest this
wronged servant of thine, held fast in
the talons of ferocious lions, -of raven-
ing wolves, bloodthirsty beasts. Gra-
ciously assist me, through my love for
Thee. that I may drink deep of the

