STAR OF THE WEST 83
an assembly to act according to the advice of the souls who were appointed and
nominated by him-His Holiness Shoghi Effendi.
I am hopeful, that during the period of his absence, the friends of God
and the maid-servants of the Merciful may show forth great efforts in the
progress of the Cause of God, and the Cause of God may spread rapidly.
Verily, H.e is Compassionate and Merciful to His Servants.
(Signature and seal) BAHAEYEI-I.
(Month of Shab-an, 1922. Translated by Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi, Chi-
cago, 

Letter from Shoghal Efiendt to the of Aim-er/ice and sent to all the As-
semblies a few clays" before the recent 
Haifa, Palestine, March 5th, 1922.
Dear fellow-workers in the Cause of BAHA 'UnnAn:
It is with words of regret and disappointment that I desire to open this
letter because of my inability, in view of my manifold and pressing duties, to
respond individually and in writing to the many messages of love and sympathy
and of hope that you have so affectionately sent me since our Beloved's passing
from this world. I am sure I am voicing the sentiments of the bereaved ladies
of the household when I say that however desirous we may be to correspond
separately with every one of you, the grave responsibilities and manifold duties
now devolved upon us make it regrettably impossible to express in written mes-
sages to every friend What we constantly feel in our hearts, and pray for when
visiting his sacred Shrine.
At this grave and momentous period through which the Cause of God, in
conformity with the Divine \/Visdom, is passing, it is the sacred duty of every one
of us to endeavor to realize the full significance of this hour of transition, and
then to make a supreme resolve to arise steadfastly for the fulfillment of our
sacred obligations.
Great as is the love and paternal care" Which our beloved Mas-ter is extend-
ing to us from on High, and unique as is the Spirit that animates today his
servants in the world, yet a great deal will depend upon the character and efiorts
of his loved ones on whom now rests the responsibility of carrying on his work
gloriously after him. How great is the need at this moment when the promised
outpourings of His grace are ready to be extended to every soul, for us all to
form a broad vision of the mission of the Cause to mankind, and to do all in our
power to spread it throughout the world! The eyes of the world, now that sub-
lime personality of the Master has been removed from this visible plane, are
turned with eager anticipation to us who are named after His name, and on
whom rests primarily the responsibility to keep burning the torch that He has
lit in this world. How keenly I feel at this challenging hour in the history of
the Cause the need for .a firm and definite determination to subordinate all our
personal likings, our local interests, to the interests and requirements of the
Cause of God! Now is the time to set aside, nay, to forget altogether, minor con-
siderations regarding 0-ur internal relationships, and to present a solid united
front to the world, animated by no other desire but to serve and propagate His
Cause.
It is my firm conviction which I now eXpI'eSs with all sincerity and ca-ndour,
that the dignity and unity of the Cause urgently demands--particular1y through-

