ments are in reality one, were ye to wit-
ness the Manifestations of Oneness with
the of Godtoday says am the sun of yesterday,'
it is true; and yet if according to daily
sequence it says am other than the
sun of yesterday,' this is also true.
Likewise consider the days: If it be said
that all the days are the same, it is cor-
rect and true; and if it be said that ac-
cording to name and designation they
differ from each other, this also is true
as thou seest. For though they are the
same, yet in each one there is a name,
quality and designation which is differ-
ent from the other. By the same method
and explanation, understand the stations
of separation, difference and oneness of
the Holy Manifestations.
"As to the Words, 'The sun shall be
darkened and the moon shall cease to
give her light and the stars shall fall
from heaven, '--the purport of sun and
moon as mentioned in the words of the
prophets is not confined to the phenome-
nal sun and moon which are seen; nay,
rather, they have intended for sun and
moon manifold meanings. . . . One
meaning of the 'sun' is Suns of Truth
which dawn from the dayspring of Pre-
existence and transmit bounty to all the
created beings. These Suns of Truth are
the universal manifestations of Divinity.
. . . When these Suns arise the world
is renewed, the rivers of life flow, the
seas of beneficence move, the clouds of
grace gather and the breezes of bounty
blow upon the temples of beings. . . .
In the primary sense sun, moon and stars
signify the prophets, the saints and their
companions through the light of whose
knowledge the worlds of the visible and
invisible are enlightened and illumined.
"It is certain that during every subse-
quent Manifestation . . . the sun and
moon of the teachings and law under
which the people of that age are en-
lightened and guided become darkened,
that is, their efficiency and influence van-
ish." "By the darkness of the sun and
moon and the falling of the stars is in-
tended the abberation of the divines and
the abolition of the laws established in a
religion."
"In like manner understand the
meaning of (the new heaven and the
new earth). By the earth is meant the
earth of knowledge and Wisdom; and by
heaven the heavens of religion.
"The purpose of these allegorical
words . . . is to test the servants as
mentioned so that the soil of excellent
a11d shining hearts may be distinguished
from barren and mortal soil. This has
always been the divine law. . . .
Shouldst thou make the mirror of the
heart pure and clear from the dust of
prejudice thou wilt comprehend all the
symbols in the sayings of the perfect
Word of Divinity in every Manifestation
and be informed of the mysteries of
knowledge. But unless thou destroyest
with the fire of severance the veils of
learning which are conventional among
the servants thou Wilt not attain to the
brilliant morn of the ideal knowledge."
(Compiled from "The Book of Ighan.")
For the fuller explanation of these
Bible symbols one should read first Ab-
dul Baha's "Some Answered Questions"
and then Baha'Ullah 's 'Book of Ighan. 
There these universal minds outline in
detail the new philosophy of religious
history, the succession of the divine
Manifestations, the real meaning of the
prophesies in the holy books.
149

