THE SPIRITUAL IOURNEY TO GOD 303
IV. AMAZEMENT
After the third valley, the valley of
Oneness, there comes the valley of
Amazement and Surprise. When man
reaches this stage he is filled with wonder
at the world of God. He is submerged
in the world of God, is unconscious of
himself. This is the state of amazement.
There were in Acca a large number of
people who were amazed because of the
beauty of the Beloved (which Baha'Ullah
revealed to them.) They would get up
three hours before dawn and would walk
around the house of Baha'Ullah many
times. Then, when the time for the meet-
ing arrived, Baha'Ullah would call them
in and talk with them. They were like
lovers who were lost in the beauty of
God the Beloved. They were amazed.
There are people now Who have attained
to this station.
V. SELFLESSNESS
After this stage there comes the City
of Selflessness. In this city man dies in
the will of God. That is, his selfish per-
sonality dies away. He forgets himself,
forgets his body and soul and swims in
the ocean of selflessness. He becomes un-
conscious of himself, of his personal exist-
ence. His Holiness Baha'Ullah states
that the mysteries of this city of selfless-
ness are myriad for this is the city of the
evanescence of the lover in the Beloved.
\Vhen We reach the city of selflessness
then the beauty of the Beloved becomes
manifest to us. Unless We are selfless we
cannot see that reality. If self is for-
gotten then reality will take the place of
self.
VI . I ORTAL ITY
After this city or valley comes the City
of Immortality, where the traveler for-
gets his Will. He Wishes only what God
wishes. The attributes of God will clear-
ly appear within him. His life will be-
come a divine life.
VII. THE UNSEEN
After the station of Immortality comes
the station of the Unseen, or of Invisi-
bility. His Holiness Baha'Ullah says that
this invisible city is an unfathomable
and limitless ocean. This is the World of
the Divine Attributes. The Sun of the
Unseen dawns from this Dawning-Place
of Invisibility. Baha'Ullah says that this
is a vast city and very few have entered
this city; and no one knows anything
about this city of the Unseen save the
Manifestations of God and God Himself.
SUMMARY
Everyone enters into the valley of
Search and Investigation, because if we
do not arise for the investigation of God
we will never reach God, Will know noth-
ing of His attributes. If we do not arise
for the search of Divinity we Will know
nothing about Divinity; unless we are
thirsty we will not appreciate water. The
more we desire to know Truth the sooner
we will arrive at reality. Those who are
thirstiest will most appreciate water.
One can easily tell the denizens of each
city. One can easily tell that such a man
is in the first city; another man has en-
tered the city of love another is passing
into the city of oneness, and one can easily
see that some people are confounded and
amazed.
Some even travel through the city of
Amazement and enter the city of Self-
lessness. Those people have annihilated
their will in the will of the Glory of God.
They are they are living, and
walking about, but they are really mar-
tyrs. This is what is called the City of
Selflessness, and this can easily be rec-
ognized and discerned. Some have trav-
ersed this station and have reached the
station of immortality.
Baha'Ullah says that the traveler will
have a test in each city. If he does not
pass that test he must go back to the first
stage. It is difiicult to overcome these
tests which are in our Way, yet, in order
to progress we must conquer our selfish-
ness and pride. All these cities are very
diflicult; but the first is the most difiicult
--to become characterized with the first
conditions. The condition for the first
city is severance, that is, severance from
everything except the love of God.

