or if the supervision of the farmer is
slackened, the farm will be either aban-
doned or it will turn into a thorny
patch."
have carried in 1ny mind for some
time an educational system, but so far
there have been no means for its realiza-
tion. If that system were once beaten
into workable shape, in two years' time
the children would have studied four
languages. At the age of ten they would
study sciences; and at the age of twelve
they would be graduated. I Wanted to
establish such a trial school of eighty-
one pupils, all six years of age, the chil-
dren to be brought from Persia and
Ashkabad, the teachers to be engaged
and transported from America. But a
number of unforeseen difficulties have
prevented me."
The Master spoke this morning to
Mirza Badi about his school for the chil-
dren. He said: know thou art exert-
ing thyself in the instruction of the chil-
dren. The life of man must be produc-
tive of some results, otherwise his
non-existence is better than his exist-
ence. As I said before, this teaching of
the children is a service to the Blessed
Perfection. Whosoever serves the world
of humanity in this or any other way
is serving His holiness Baha-_ 'Ullah.
Your heavenly reward is with him.
The education of children is one of the
most great services. All these children
are mine. If they are educated and il-
lumined, it is as though my own children
were so characterized. They will be-
come the servants and the maidservants
of the Causeof God, the gardeners in
the vineyard of the Kingdom, and the
lights of the assemblage of mankind."
Then he spoke with Sheik Yousoff
about his (Abdul Baha's) own educa-
tion--of how he was an exile and a
prisoner from the time that he was nine
years old and consequently never en-
tered even the common school. This is
an historical fact, and there are many
I-1
4|

people still living who bear witness to
this fact.
Then he explained i11 detail the puz-
zling question of the "Trinity" and
demonstrated from both a scientific and
religious standpoint that "trinity" not
only exists in every religion, but in phil-
osophy as well. In the Mosaic dispensa-
tion there was (1) Elohim, the 
(2) the burning bush and (3) Moses;
in Christianity, (1) the Father, (2) the
Holy Ghost and (3) the Son; in Islam,
Allah, Gabriel and Mohammed. In
philospohy we say, the mover, the mo-
tion and the moved; the cause of causes,
the cause-and the effect; the Illuminator,
the illumination and the illuminated;
the Creator, the creation, the created;
the teacher, the knowledge, the student;
the Giver of bounty, the bounty, and
the recipient of the bounty. In prin-
ciple, every religionist believes in this
explanation in so far as it applies to
the founder of his own faith; but Whe11
this same principle is applied to the
founder of another religion, he refuses
to accept it. Thus, while they are
agreed as to reality, they disagree in
mere names and historical personalities.
At a quarter past two in the afternoon
We left Acca in the carriage and started
on the never-to-be-forgotten drive along
the horseshoe beach toward Haifa. The
sea was smooth and the weather was
bright and clear--quitc transparent.
"Since my return last year," the
Master said, have not driven along
this shore because the train service was
so much more comfortable. Now we
have returned to our original way of
traveling. I judge by the traces of the
wheels on the sand that there is already
quite a regular schedule established."
On the Way we saw many detachments
of soldiers going this way or that, and
many of them stopped to salute the
Master. We proceeded on our drive and
finally came upon companies of fisher-
men who had casttheir nets into the sea.
'Wide-spreading, broad nets they were,

