we can get anything. The present condi-
tions may seem rather discouraging but
the students are a force without arms
which is known to everyone and their
power is feared. The government on the
one hand tries to suppress them, on the
other hand pays them respect. In the
Canton government women have de-
manded the privilege of sitting in par-
liament. Women 's emancipation is ad-
vocated not only by the women but by
the men. Many new magazines have ap-
peared, dealing especially with this ques-
tion. Two years ago new schools for
women were started throughout the
country and within this past year co-
education has been adopted by all the
government schools. Women are now
admitted to the Pekin University. Now
young men and women meet together
freely. It is the women who will bring
the emancipation of the race. They are
the "other half" which is springing up.
The greatest cooperation is that between
men and women. At first social inter-
course between the sexes seemed to shock
the common people; but now they have
become accustomed to it. The aims of
the students are first. sound government;
second, real liberty; third, peace, which
we always love and advocate. If these
things are realized then the students can
devote themselves to study and can con-
tribute to the world's civilization which
is their fourth aim. The world is now
so closely bound together that we real-
ize that the two civilizations, eastern and
western, must be united. We need not
give up the eastern civilization but add
to it the western.
"These things are the good side; but
we have to pay for them. It is because
of civil wars that the farmers are not
able to raise their crops. Though co-
education is enforced, yet we have draw-
backs. First, the students, men and
women, must have suflicient knowledge,
else they will make blunders. If they
have not enough knowledge mistakes will
be committed.
"We have a little knowledge of west-
ern thought, but we have also its doubts.
There is a new movement which com-
menced on March ninth. It is called the
'Anti-Religion Movement.' It has its
origin in agnosticism. We want eman-
cipation and liberty. We feel that re-
ligion is something which binds us to-
gether. This anti-religion movement is
now very strong. It was first organized
in Pekin in the schools and now has
spread to other places, forming a unit-
The basis of the movement is science;
its purpose, to break away from all sup-
erstitions. Religion is superstition which
is contrary to science. The movement
started in opposition to Christianity.
Christianity itself is all right but it is
the conduct of it, and its abuses which
the movement opposes. The great schol-
ars have not yet given much attention
and study to this movement. They have
not yet expressed their opinions. If they
did the problem would be solved. We
wait for the great scholars. We have
now no proper solution: we wait for
results.
"Our impression from our visit to
Japan is that the Japanese are certainly
further advanced in education than are
we. They have a spirit of action. If
they get a new idea they try to carry it
out; and they have favorable conditions.
In China this spirit is not so strong be-
cause we are now discussing aifairs and
have not yet reached conclusions. For
this reason the Japanese educational
work is better than ours. The Japanese
are faithful, not only to their nation as
a whole, but each to his profession. They
have another advantage in that they have
order. At present Chinese conditions are
quite different; there is no order at all.
A Confucian proverb says that if you are
in a dilemma as to which way to go you
will never reach your destination."
Note. "The Youth of China" is in-
terestingly described in Chinese eddle,
G. Kemp, 1921, Chapter IX.
158

