are the Free Religious Movement who
have covered Europe and America, the
New Thought Movement, the Theosoph-
ical Society, The Order of the Star in
the East who have covered the whole
World, The League of Religions Move-
ment in England, The World Conscience
Society in Italy, the International Peace
Union in Switzerland, the Broederschap-
Federatie, a federation of fifty Brother-
hoods in Holland, the Union des Asso-
ciations Internationales, an Association
of nearly five hundred international
organizations in Belgium, the League of
Peace and Freedom, the National Peace
Council in England, the League for the
Equality of Races in these
are working, directly or indirectly, for
the establishment of Human Brother-
hood."
"The supreme question before the
human race today is Whether we have
spiritual assets enough to counter-
balance the ever growing physical
forces which science is placing at our
disposal. Surely that is a question that
constitutes a challenge to us all. . . .
There are many of us Who fervently
believe that the spirit of Christianity
contains the key to the solution of this
great crisis, if only that spirit can be
practically applied. How this is to be
done in comprehensive fashion, how-
ever, my generation cannot tell you, and
we hang our heads in shame at our own
B. Fosdick.
"All the created phenomena are sub-
ject to the law of change and transmuta-
tion. Youth is followed by old age, a
tender plant becomes an old, decrepit
tree, dynasties are born, Wax strong,
reach to the zenith of glory and then
totter to the ground. Likewise every
one of the World-religions has been the
cause of progress and advancement in
its own time, but now they have become
like old, very old trees. They do not
yield any more luscious fruits. Some
2
people persist in the unscientific belief
that these very old trees will again
become young, push forth leaves, blos-
soms and fruits. This is impossible.
This age needs a young, vigorous plant
with World-wide growing capacity."
"We do not oppose the religion of
any one. We act in accordance with the
Gospel. But we must also act in ac-
cordance with the teachings of Baha'
Ullah. They are--the oneness of the
world of humanity, independent inves-
tigation of truth, abandonment of prej-
udice, universal peace, etc. You must
act in accordance with these teachings."
"In the coming of Christ the Divine
teachings were given in accordance with
the infancy of the human race. The
teachings of Baha'Ullah have the same
basic principles, but are according to
the stage of the maturity of the world
and the requirements of this illumined
Baha.
The Bahais are Working for a "uni-
versal" society of nations in which every
country of the world shall be repre-
sented. That is divine justice. Only
upon the foundation of justice to every
race, people and religion can the edifice
of universal peace be builded. In this
edifice there will be many pillars: uni-
versal suffrage, a solution of the eco-
nomic problem, universal justice in the
form of government, a universal lan-
guage, universal education, the confor1n-
ity of science and religion. "The foun-
dation of this palace," Writes Abdul
Baha, "is to summon the people to the
call of the Kingdom of God; its galleries
are the principles of Baha'Ullah and its
decorations the writings of the World of
humanity; its radiant lamps are the
lights of the divine Kigdom. Therefore,
strive as much as thou canst to quicken
the dead souls, to guide the erring ones,
to cause to drink those Who are thirsty
and invite those who are hungry to sit
around the heavenly table and partake
of the Divine food."
18

