BAHAI NEWS AND NOTES
BUILDING THE BAHAI TEMPLE
THE UNIVERSAL WAY
The Bahai Temple near Chicago will
be universal in its services, open to all
sects, religions and nations; universal in
its architecture, blending as it does all the
classic forms of the past, and universal in
its principles. It is also universal in the
world-wide horizon represented by its
contributions. These contributions are
coming in from Persia, India, Egypt, ]ap-
an, Australia and South America, from
cities of Europe and America, from mem-
bers of all the World's great religions.
Iust recently very generous contributions
have come from many lovers of universal
religion in Haifa and Acca, Palestine, and
in Beirut, l\/Iersin, Damascus, Syria. The
following letter from Beirut, Syria, dated
December 10, 1922, was received by Mr.
William H. Randall, 35 Congress Street,
Boston, lVlass., Treasurer of the Bahai
Temple Unity:
"It is with the feeling of a great privi-
lege and an extreme joy that I send you
the contribution of the friends in Beirut,
Damascus and Mersin. Although We
earnestly Wish to have been able to con-
tribute more to the construction of such
a sublime temple of love and human
brotherhood, yet We are forced by circum-
stances to sufiice with this small sum (150
Syrian pounds.) The contributor has in
every case given his share with the ut-
most Willingness and satisfaction, deem-
ing it an honor to partake in the raising
up of such an edifice, with his share no
matter how insignificant it may be. I am
sending you enclosed the sum together
with the names of the contributors and
the cities in which they live.
"Hoping that, in spite of the many in-
ternational troubles that seem to make the
idea of human brotherhood almost impos-
sible, this great temple Will soon be
built, gathering under its roof peoples of
all kinds and races as fellow brothers and
being a real proof of the practicability of
the teachings of Baha'Ullah, I remain
your brother in His love."
(Signed) Hussein Ikbal.
A letter from a friend in England con-
tains this beautiful story:
"The other evening Dr. Lotfullah told
us a story at the meeting about a Persian
at Haifa Who promised first tWo pounds,
then sent for the Bahai who had charge
of the subscriptions for the Mashreq'U1
Azkar and said he felt he ought to give
more; so would make it five pounds. The
next day he sent for him again and said
something told him he must give more;
so he would give nine pounds. This man
was employed by the railroad and was in
danger of losing his job as they were dis-
charging men every day, in spite of which
he obeyed the inner voice telling him to
give nine pounds. The next day his chief
sent for him. The Bahai Went expecting
to hear he was discharged, instead of
which, to his great surprise he Was told
his salary had been raised two pounds" a
Week."
A LETTER FROM TEHERAN
To the riands in America.
TO the revered members of the holy
Central Spiritual Assembly. Upon
them be the Glory of the Most Glorious!
After a long time of Waiting and long-
ing finally all the friends of Teheran
found endless happiness and joy in meet-
ing the faithful maidservant of God, Dr.
Coy. Upon her be the Glory of God!
And they gave praise a thousand times at
the most holy Threshold that continually
sends Its bounties and favors, from gener-
osity to His creatures, for the communi-
cation between the East and the West and
313

