268 STAR OF THE WEST
brotherhood, righteousness, peace and
love. Abdul Baha has given this vision
an expression in word and deed which
transcends every limitation of race, of
class, of nation and of creed. No com-
munity can claim Abdul Baha for their
own spiritual leader, and make his in-
spiration the justification of separateness,
as men have done with every spiritual
leader of the past. In the divisions of
humanity he has arisen as the true cen-
ter and point of unity, a mirror reflecting
the light of one love and one teaching to
every horizon. As each community, seek-
ing relief from its own restrictions and
its sufferings, turns to Abdul Baha for
guidance, it finds all other communities
illumined in the same compassionate love.
VVhe11 a reporter of the New York
Globe visted Abdul Baha at Haifa a few
years ago in the course of an investiga-
tion of the Zionist movement in Palestine,
Abdul Baha gave her this message: "Tell
my followers that they have no enemies
to fear, no foes to hate. Man': only
enemy is himself".
It means nothing how many or how
few Abdul Baha's followers may be at
this moment here or in other parts of
the world. That message was the ex-
pression of the reality emerging from the
present era of confusion, of trouble, of
unrest, of universal change. To receive
that message from the lips of Abdul Baha
at the time it was uttered is to be fore-
warned and forearmed; but the message
is unescapable, soon or late, by reason
of the actual conditions of the world. Ab-
dul Baha recorded the spiritual evolution
that went on behind and within the mate-
rial evolution of this age. He witnessed
for us the victory of faith.
As one considers the strife that is tak-
ing place everywhere today, one recalls
the ancient story of Atman the king.
One day Atman summoned his four
sons to his presence and said:
"My sons, because you expect to share
this mighty kingdom after my departure,
you are making no effort to develop in
yourselves any capacity or any worthi-
ness. As you are my sons I love you,
but I also have a duty to my people.
Therefore go forth, each of you, into the
world, and to him who best proves his
worthiness I shall leave the kingdom."
So the four sons went forth, one to the
East, one to the West, one to the South,
one to the North. And as each had in-
herited of the father's capacity, so each
made a mighty effort to develop worthi-
ness, and each rose to leadership in the
country where he lived.
Then having become a leader in his
country, each of the four sons remem-
bered his father's promise, and set forth
to return to Atman's capital and claim
the right of inheritance. So each set
forth on the way, bringing with him a
mighty following of soldiers and servants
that Atman his father might realize how
worthy he had become.
Now arriving on the great plain before
the gates of the city, each brother beheld
the army of the other also arriving, the
army of the East with the banner of the
dragon, the army of the West with the
banner of the eagle, the army of the
North with the banner of the bear, and
the army of the South with the banner of
the palm. But seeing these other ban-
ners, each brother thought that hostile
armies had gathered to destroy the king-
dom of his father Atman, and to defend
his father each brother led his army
against the other armies on the plain.
By reason of their courage, the four
brothers fought at the head of their
armies, where the banner was upheld, and
in the course of a few hours all the ban-
ners were thrown down and the four
leaders wounded.
Then the armies, the banners thrown
down and the ranks hopelessly inter-
mingled, ceased to fight, and around the
four brothers as they lay wounded a cir-
cle of mourning soldiers stood in silence.
Then the oldest brother, feeling his
heart's blood ebb away, raised his voice
in a mighty cry of grief and lamentation:
Atman, my father! my father,
Atman the king! Bitter enemies sur-
round thy city, and they shall lay it waste
and slay thee in the midst. Gladly have
I given life for thee, my father--alas,
that the enemies were too strong and I
have died in vain."
So lamented the eldest brother. And
when the other brothers heard him la-
menting their father Atman, the king,

