ONE OF HEROES 335
These two ridiculed me before the Gover-
nor, seeking to ruin me. They stated, in
a letter, that Ebn Abhar had been the
cause of much disturbance and trouble
among the people in Zinjan. This letter
was spread among the fanatical Mullahs.
The Governor was a friend of mine, and
he treated the letter of Abol Fatoo light-
ly, saying: "It was written through jeal-
ousy and a misunderstanding. I have
neither seen nor heard anything from Ebn
Abhar which is hostile to religion." This
caused an uprising among the people
who, suspicious of the Governor, were
ready to murder some of the believers.
The Governor now became very much
disturbed and ordered that the Tablets
be brought from the houses of the believ-
ers: if among them there was found any-
thing written by Ebn Abhar the people
would be allowed to appeal to the Shah
for his death sentence.
I had written many letters to two con-
firmed believers, Asseyid Ismail and Aga
Rassoul. These were found. The Gov-
ernor, because of his fear, repented his
friendship (with Abhar) and secured
from the Shah a sentence of 
l\/Iirza Jalil Khan, chief of the gunners,
with ten soldiers was commanded to take
me to Zinjan.
Suddenly, at evening-time, several sol-
diers appeared at the door and demanded
an interview. My brother, Mirza Abol
Atoof, said: "It is now late. You had
better wait until morning." Then I came
from an inner room and my nephew, Fakr
ed Din, called the About fifty
soldiers had surrounded the house. Some
students who were there studying with
Mirza Abol Atoof were put out of the
house by the soldiers; whereupon they
spread the news through the bazaars and
soon the crowds came rushing from all
sides to see what was happening. The
soldiers in order to scatter the crowd be-
gan firing and the noise of gunshots filled
the air. As soon as the crowd was scat-
tered jenabe Khan produced from his
pocket a letter addressed to Ebn Abhar
who was commanded thus:
"Your Excellency! For the purpose
of investigating certain matters your pres-
ence is necessary in this city. Mirza ]alil
Khan, with ten soldiers has been com-
manded to bring you. With Mirza Abdul
Azeem and Kerbelaiy Mehdi Milani you
must start for Zinj an, that the matter may
be investigated in your Very presence.
Kindly see to it that you do not fail to
start; otherwise the affair may become
serious."
After reading the letter I handed it to
my brother, whereupon Mirza Jalil Khan
said to him: "You had better go into
the house. We have nothing to do with
you." But when two of the soldiers pro-
duced a large chain and prepared to put
it upon me my brother could not endure
it. but tried to prevent them. Then the
soldiers pushed him out of the room, say-
ing: "You have no right to interfere."
l\/Iy brother returned, gave the soldiers
fifty tomans and obtained their promise
not to chain me that night. I now Went
into the inner apartment, and they placed
a guard at the door, allowing only one
servant to pass in and out. In order to
show their importance and to intimidate
the family they made threats and fre-
quently fired off their guns.
I take God to witness that during that
night our house was like a house of
mourning. Nothing was heard but sighs
and cries and most of the relatives, men
and women, were excited, and crying all
night for they were given no information
as to the condition of the prisoners.
The fourth hour after sunset my cousin,
Hadji Mirza I-Iadiet, brother of Imam
Jomai took Mirza jalil Khan into a pri-
vate room and told him that it would be
to his and spiritual advantage to
torture this servant.
Mirza ]alil Khan, understanding my
cousin's hatred and jealousy said to me:
"I/Vhy are these cousins so opposed to
you, seeking to destroy you?"
I answered: "The uncles of His Holi-
ness l\/Iohammed were against him, and
his cousins sought to martyr his descend-
ants. The citizens of Galilee were op-
posed to Christ. In Nloses' time his rela-
tives arose and drove him out. The fam-
ily of Abraham caused his expulsion. And
was not Ioseph cast into the pit? By
wicked brethren." Thus,
through scriptural citations I finally led
Mirza Ialil Khan to the Rizwan of the
knowledge of the Manifestation and, until
midnight, told him and three others about
the Great Cause.

