PRAYERS REVEALED BY 
Translated by S/tog/2-i ffendi, and sent to
The iVati0nal Spi1'ituaZ Assembly, February, I923
0 God, my Godl I have turned in
repentance unto Thee, and verily
Thou art the Pardoner, the Compassion-
ate.
God, my Godl I have returned to
Thee, and verily Thou art the Ever-For-
giving, the Gracious.
God, my Godl I have clung to the
Cord of Thy Bounty, and with Thee is
the storehouse of all that is in Heaven
and earth.
God, my God! I have hastened to-
ward Thee, and verily Thou art the For-
giver, the Lord of Grace abounding.
God, my God! I thirst for the Celes-
tial Vl/Tine of Thy Grace, and verily Thou
art the Giver, the Bountiful, the Gracious,
the Almighty.
God, my God! I testify that Thou
hast revealed Thy Cause, fulfilled Thy
Promise and sent down from the Heaven
of Thy Grace that which hath drawn un-
to Thee the hearts of Thy favoured ones.
Well is it with him that hath held fast un-
to Thy Firm Cord and clung to the hem
of Thy resplendent Robe!
I ask Thee, Lord of all being and
King of the seen and unseen, by Thy
Power, Thy l\/Iajesty, and Thy Sovereign-
ty, to grant that my name may be record-
ed by Thy Pen of Glory among Thy de-
voted ones, them Whom the scrolls of the
sinful hindered not from turning to the
Light of Thy Countenance, prayer-
hearing, prayer-answering Godl
Make firm our steps, Lordl in Thy
Path and strengthen Thou our hearts in
Thy obedience. Turn our faces toward
the Beauty of Thy Oneness and gladden
our bosoms With the Signs of Thy Divine
Unity. Adorn our bodies With the Robe
of Thy Bounty and remove from our eyes
the veil of sinfulness and give us the
Chalice of Thy Grace; that the essence
of all beings may sing Thy praise before
the vision of Thy Grandeur. Reveal then
Thyself, Lord! by Thy merciful Utter-
ance and the mystery of Thy Divine Be-
ing, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may
fill our prayer that shall rise
above words and letters and transcend the
murmur of syllables and sounds--that all
things may be merged into nothingness
before the revelation of Thy Splendour.
Lord! These are servants that have re-
mained fast and firm in Thy Covenant
and Thy Testament, that have held fast
unto the Cord of constancy in Thy Cause
and clung unto the hem of the Robe of
Thy Grandeur. Assist them, Lordl With
Thy Grace, confirm With Thy Power and
strengthen their loins in obedience to
Thee.
Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious
Thou art the All-Remembering, the
All-Praised.
This, Thy servant, Lord, my God,
my Master and my Desire, seeketh slum-
ber within the precincts of Thy Mercy and
fain Would rest 'neath the Canopy of Thy
Grace, trusting in Thy Care and in Thy
Protection. By Thine that sleepeth
not, Lord, I beseech Thee, to shield my
sight from all but Thee and make it clear
to behold Thy Wonders and gaze upon the
dayspring of Thy Revelation. Thou art
in truth He, in the face of Whose tokens
 Omnipotence, the essence of power
_aOtTl Wane; there is none other God but
Thee, the Almighty, the All-Conquering.
the Unconditioned.
331

