panorama and are enjoying the gifts of
heaven. This is the ultimate hope of
the lovers of truth, to be in the neigh-
borhood of the Most Eminent Mercy!"

In the evening there was a large meet-
ing. When the entered the room
he looked over the b-right faces of the
Bahai students and exclaimed with de-
lighted heart:
God be praised! How Wonderful are
these students! I am looking forward
with great hope to their future. In real-
ity they are beneath the shade of the
Blessed Perfection and they are being
animated with the spirit of the Holy
Land. For this reason they are superior
to many other students. Their mettle
will become known in the future. They
are now in the process of refining'; when
they come out of the crucible their
brightness will become manifest. The
word of God is the refining which will
polish them, suffering them to- become as
tested gold.
"Every single assured and firm be-
liever will consider himself the servant
of all the friends of God, nay, rather,
the servant of the World of humanity.
The honor of man depends upon this.
The everlasting glory of mankind lies
in -this. For this reason his holiness
Christ says: 'The last shall be first; the
least among you in the Kingdom is the
greatest.' Whosoever desires to walk in
the path of the Kingdom, so that he may
reach the court of the Almighty, he must
be a true servant. The path of God can-
not be compared with the paths of men.
The humbler man is in the path of God
the more exalted is he; the greater his
meekness and submissiveness the more be-
loved is he; the more he is surrounded
with tests and trials the vaster the tran-
quillity and composure of his spirit.
Nay, rather, in the path of God humility
is honor, trouble is rest, affliction is be-
stowal, poverty is wealth, indigence is
sovereignty and lowliness is nobility.
Truly, I say, whosoever is the real ser-
vant of the believers of God is their as-
sistant and helper. We must all Walk in
this divine path."
THE WRITINGS OF 
By Hoaxes Homer
AS taught us all in the schools, litera-
ture tends to become either a classi-
fication according to its 
novel, drama, essay and ac-
cording to its historical continuity.
Both methods externalize the reality of
literature away from our personal ex-
perience. We are inclined to know the
author by his work rather than the work
by its author. We are inclined even to
glorify the work at the expense of the
creator from whom it came. The stu-
dent unconsciously begins to conceive
the poem, say, as being the poet refined
to the utmost degree, the poet translated
temporarily and accidentally to a higher
condition, much as though the man were
to his own production just as the oyster
is to its pearl. Since the poem exists
above and beyond our own capacity, we
feel that it exists above and beyond the
human character of the poet. But any
person who has ever actually felt the
creative impulse within his own con-
sciousness realizes that the work pro-
duced, even at its best, renders only a
fraction of the significance that impulse
contained. During creation, the author
feels an infinite resource opened within
him, a resource which the work created
never satisfactorily records. The work
itself, then, represents merely the au-
thor's power of responding to- the im-
pulse, not the capacity of the impulse
itself. In other words, literature is the
record of what the infinite in1puls.e has
been able to efiect in and through cer-
tain limited lives.
104

