36 STAR OF THE WEST
The Bahai Revelation Religious
Need of the Time
BY CHARLES Meson REMEY
(Continued from page 14)
THE B-AHAI WRITINGS
THE collective writings of the Bab
are known as The Beyan. These
treat chiefly of the coming of BAHA-
containing exhortations to the
people calling them to purify themselves
and prepare to meet the Pro-mised One
that they might be fitted to serve him.
BAHA wrote many treatises in
the form of books and epistles in which
He demonstrates the oneness of the
spirit of all of the former religious
teachings; also treating of the present
teachings in its relation to _the religions
of the past. A number of these Writings
were in reply to special questions asked
by men of learning and were therefo-re
Written from various points of thought,
Moslem, Jewish, Christian, etc.
The writings of Abdul-Baha are many
and are chiefly in the form of letters or
Tablets, explanatory of the spirit and
the teachings of BA1-IA In Ab-
dul-Baha's life of service to humanity
is his method of teaching, through which
means he gives life, vigor and a pene-
trative force to his words. His verbal
teaching, much of which is reported and
circulated in manuscript and in printed
form, consists of explanations, given to
various inquirers, regarding the Cause
and its doctrines, together with exhor-
tations to the followers and certain prin-
ciples and truths, the pursuance of which
is conducive to the best secular as well
as spiritual welfare of mankind.
ETERNAL LIFE
Eternal life is the state of soul of
spiritually quickened man. All souls
exist as entities after the separation
from the material body. However, from
the spiritual standpoint, this mere ex-
istence is not "life." Only those souls
who are awake to the glory of God can
be said to be divinely awake and alive
and of the life eternal. This spiritual
awakening is from God. It is His gift
and greatest bounty to man. By virtue
of the truth and spirit revealed to hu-
manity through the Prophets and Mani-
festations, man 's soul is awakened from
slumber, and, though in the world, yet
he lives in a higher realm from Which
he receives divine strength and force.
According to the Bahai teaching
heaven and hell are conditions of the
soul. The soul which lives in God is in
that divine state called heaven, while
one not yet awakened to the glory of God
is in a state of darkness, or hell. The
coming 0-f the Kingdom of Heaven on
earth has been the one theme of Christ
and the Prophets. All have spoken of
this epoch in different terminology, but
in realitythey all spoke of the one great
age of divine time
when faith should replace unbelief, and
when divine knowledge should replace
ignorance and superstition, and the Ba-
hai Cause teaches that the world is now
in the -early dawn of that new day and
age.
SOCIAL REFORMS, AND
ORDINANCES
In addition to the purely spiritual
teachings of BAHA he ordered
certain changes in the manners and cus-
toms of people, through the observance
of which the World in general will be
helped bo-th materially and spiritually.
He exhorts the Bahais to b-e tolerant,
and in no way to separate themselves
from other people, nor denounce those
of other beliefs. All men are free to
believe as they wish, but all are advised
to unite in faith and to lay aside the
prejudices and superstitions of past ages.

