74 STAR OF THE WEST
It forced into cooperation Jews, Chris-
tians and Moslems. Then, after a few
years, the old antagonism revived. But
ere long another great wave of spiritual
consciousness will come, aifecting the
whole world."
Flora Bohmann Ernst sang a solo.
Miss Martha Root, of Cambridge
Springs, responded to the
subject: "Apostles of the New Day and
Their 'Norld Journeys." "Abdul-Baha-
says it is the fragrance of the rose which
draws people to the garden. So it is the
severance from self which attracts peo--
ple to the Divine Paradise. People are
now advancing so far in the path that
we are soon to realize the millenium.
"Kurrat-ul-Aine was the first martyr
to the cause of women's freedom. She
was well educated and trained in spirit-
ual ideals and went forth as a teacher.
She visited the Shah of Persia and took,
as the gift of a king to him, the prin-
ciples of the new faith. She advocated
the removal of all prejudices.
"Mirza. Haydar Ali, the revered Ba-
hai teacher, went to Egypt to urge the
Khedive to take a stand for universal
peace. With Seyed Assad 'Ullah he was
forced to spend eleven years in prison.
Benn during the years of his
cruel imprisonment, revealed a Tablet to
him in which were found these eloquent
words: have heard thy cries and am
conscious of thy tears. Remember in all
times and in all places that God is faith-
ful and do>> not doubt. this. Be patient,
even though gr-eat calamities come upon
thee. Fear not! Be firm in the path
of the Lo-rd, as a. mountain unmoved,
unchanging in thy steadfastness. God
has made azfflictions as a morning shower
to His green pastures and as a wick for
His lamp, whereby earth and heaven
are illumined.' When a very old man,
this heroic character started out to
journey from the Holy Land to Persia
without even the equipment of a donkey.
Through faith, ways and means were
provided for his journey. He returned
and was until the end of his life called
the Angel of the believers. Seyed Assad
'Ullah, his companion in prison, after
his tour of America with Abdul-Baha,
went to the most dangerous part of
Southern Russia to teach. \7Vith such
heroic lives soon the problems of the
world will he solved.
"Miss Agnes Alexander learned the
beauty of the Bahai teachings. She was
a resident of the Hawaiian Islands,
Then she Went to Japan and lighted the
torch of guidance, bringing illumination
to many souls. More recently her ef-
forts have been extended to Korea, open-
ing that country to the Heavenly
teachings.' 
A very touching tribute was also paid
by Miss Root to the venerable teacher,
Dr. H. S. Harper, who for many years
has served the Cause night and day.
When others are asleep, his prayers as-
cend in the night for all the world. Dr.
Harper made a brief but feeling
response.
In conclusion, Miss Root referred to
the instructions of Abdul-Baha for the
opening of China to the Cause. His
words refer to the virtues and capacity
of the Chinese people and the qualifica-
tions of the Bahai teachers who must
go to them. She exhorted all to know
what God wills and to -carry His mes-
sage. If you arise, in whatever enter-
prise you engage, the might of God will
assist.
TUESDAY EVENING.
The chairman was Mrs. Keith Ran-
som Kehler, of Chicago. She read with
spiritual attraction a prayer of Bans
'U1.nin. Mrs. Kehler, it is understood,
has become a. flame of Guidance among
her large and influential circle of
friends. She spoke of the Bahai teach-
ings on the economic situation and how
reciprocity between the elements was
needed. One family under just rule
(Continued on page 89)

