war books on the "second coming" have
been circulated with surprising popular-
ity. In many churches one of the first
questions asked a prospective minister is
this: has he the right views about Christ 's
return? Many are sure that the appear-
ance of Christ and the attendant thou-
sand years of peace are right at our
doors. "Millions now living," says one
popular preacher, "will never die."
Of course this anticipation has shone
in the hearts of the Christians at differ-
ent periods ever since the ascension of
our Lord Christ. To all the early Chris-
tians, as one of the celebrated liberal
theologians has said, Christ 's first ap-
pearance on earth was provisional. His
real and glorious coming was to be some-
time in the future. In the Book of Acts
we read that, as the heart.-broken dis-
ciples after his ascension stood looking
steadfastly into heaven, "Behold, two
men stood by them in white apparel who
also said, 'Ye men of Galilee, why stand
ye looking into heaven'? This Jesus,
which was received up from you into
heaven, shall so come in like manner as
ye behold him going into heaven." One
of the best attested of early New Testa-
ment books, the Book of Revelation, says,
"Behold, he cometh with clouds; and
every shall see him, and they that
pierced him." The Book of,Revelation
and the Gospels both also proclaim that
he shall come like a thief in the night.
Most of the Book of Revelation is a
glorious picture of the coming of the
Promised Ones. In the little apocalypse,
the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth chap-
ters of Matthew, Jesus tells of the dark-
ening of the sun, the falling of the stars,
"the end of the world," or "the consum-
mation of the age," the coming of the
Son of Man on the clouds like lightning
shining from the east and seen even in
the west.
What is the meaning of it all'? One
party today takes these prophesies liter-
ally. The other party declares such in-
147
terpretations to be scientifically impos-
sible. How could Christ ride on a cloud'!
Where would he come from'? Modern
astronomy teaches us that above us there
is only interstellar space. If Christ came
on the clouds in physically visable glory
so that every could see him how could
he also comes as a thief in the night?
The difficulties in the- interpretation of
these prophesies have led many liberals
to declare that the coming of Christ is
just a general and gradual outpouring
of the spirit of truth. They quote the
Gospel verses, The Spirit of Truth shall
be in you," "The Kingdom of God is
within you." Christ returns in each
one of us, they say.
But of course the clear text of the
Bible and the whole religious history of
mankind proclaim the special outpouring
of the divine splendor in great prophets
or Manifestations. They are the collect-
ive centers around which all religions re-
volve, from which all draw their dyna-
mic power. And the Gospel of John
(sixteenth Chapter) clearly says, "The
Spirit of Truth shall not speak from
himself; but whatsoever things he shall
hear these shall he speak." That is, he
is a promised person, the "Prince of
the World" (John 14:30) who, because
he is pure and perfect like Jesus can
receive inspiration, transmit it to the
world and lead us into all truth. In fact,
after His Spirit has taught us He will
also be within us. It is no longer I
that live but He that liveth in me.
If then we are to reconcile science and
religion, if we are to reconcile the pas-
sages of the New Testament themselves
we must go beneath the letter and find
the spiritual significance of these Bible
verses. Jesus, as he himself declared, al-
ways spoke in parables.
Abdul Baha said, in New York City,
"Do not satisfy yourselves with words.
Seek to understand the meanings of the
scriptures hidden in the heart of the
words. It is difficult to comprehend the
words of even a philosopher; you can

