PEACE FOR WAR
BY HOWVARD KEI-ILER
The peace plan from which these extracts are taken was written by a gifted
American journal-ist in 1910 anal published in April, 
When crowds have come, as ct result
of . . . changes of belief, to acquire a
profound antipathy for the images
eoohecl by certain words, the first duty
of the true statesman is to change the
words.-GUsrAvE LE 
ORIGINALLY, it is to be supposed,
"names grew out of functions and
were expressive of them; but inasmuch
as the functions of institutions must
change with the times if they are to con-
tinue to express the times, it follows that
names must be changed if they are not
to limit function by failing to express it.
There is a law of the association of
ideas by which men, and therefore
institutions, tend to function according
to the names or titles by which they
are called, and according to the tradi-
tions Which attach to those names or
titles; a law by which there is both in-
ternal and external constraint upon
mend thus to function traditionally,
rather than creatively.
Tl1e laws of mental action are so well
known today that the frequently im-
measurable importance of a Word, and
in particular the tremendous import of
the names of things, are quite generally
recognized.
There is no doubt that the original
function of an army was War. Soldiers
were expected to fight. An army not
engaged in War represented discontent,
174
a sheer Waste of energy, great expense
and a certain internal menace. It was
natural and right that the department
of government which handled the army
should be called the Department for
War.
But the times have so changed that
the chief duty of an army is to keep
the peace. Soldiers are expected not to
fight, except under conditions of extreme
necessity. The men Who control armies
are considered successful in the degree
to which they avoid conflict.
The ideal of the world has changed.
The victories of peace are our victories.
The horrors of War touch the modern
mind more quickly and deeply than the
honors of war. No particular honor at-
tached to peace in the ancient world.
The battlefield was the field of honor
and there were no great distinctions to
be gained elsewhere.
NEW WORDS FOR OLD
Since peace is our ideal and the avoid-
ance of War our intention; since the
primary office of our armies admittedly
is the preservation of peace, why
should We not call that department of
government which has to do with the
army the Department for Peace?
Why not revise the name to fit the
altered purpose? Why not thus gain
for our ideal a11d our intention the
enormous suggestive power which lies

