by Mr. Frank and exalts his service into
one of valued effort and direction.
It is undoubted that the "Secrets of
Greatness" are being sincerely, faith-
fully and persistently sought for and to
all thus seeking it is worth while to
remember that our outward self, our
inward self, must be consecrated in the
service and sacrifice and, finally, it is
necessary for the soul to prove the mes-
sage and reach a station of belief
through its own power of judgment.
This is indeed a high and noble birth-
right.
CAPACITY AND SPIRITUAL REVELATION
HOW often the falls unconsciously
upon some word or printed page
and a lasting impression is gained which
is destined to grow stronger and stronger
as the years go by! Some time ago
the writer picked up a magazine which
seemed to have been published by some
religious organization and was of the
type of those usually distributed broad-
cast with the hope of carrying conviction
to some searching soul. One of the pages
bore an illustration of a granite sarco-
phagus. Huge blocks of granite formed
the foundation, greater slabs the base
and above these there rose the receptacle
which contained the remains of the
deceased, a case of granite cemented
together and bound 'round with great
iron bands, but--this was the story
which the printing underneath the illus-
tration related:
"The deceased whose tomb is here rep-
resented passed from this life an agnos-
tic, denying God and scoffing at the idea
of life hereafter. He boasted that he
would construct a tomb which should
prove impervious in the 'day of resur-
rection,' from which his body might not
issue to the summons of the 'Last
Trump.' How wise", and yet how unen-
lightened!
"Into a crevice of those granite slabs
some slight breeze, or perhaps some bird
of flight had dropped a little seed. Sun
and rain had cast their magic spell upon
this seed and it had sprouted carrying
little by little a. pressure which had
213
caused the crevice to widen and widen
until at the time of the photograph the
iron bands were broken, the granite
tomb separated and_ out of its midst
there had grown a tree so lovely and
symmetrical that it seemed to say by the
very beauty of its presence, 'What- hath
God wrought?' 
For those who have found the Bahai
Revelation it is difficult to picture the
time when there was any uncertainty as
to life after death or to believe that there
ever was a time when we were so far
from reconciling science with religion
that we could have believed in the resur-
rection of the physical body in the same
form which it had borne when it was the
temple of the soul! And yet the world
has remained in darkness regarding this
great subject and humanity is still strug-
gling with it, save those who have been
born into a knowledge of what the spir-
itual resurrection really means through
the breaking of the seals by Baha'Ullah
and the clear and lucid explanations of
Abdul Baha. All this puts one in mind
of the talk given by Abdul Baha about
"Capacity and Readiness." He said:
"Wherever in the night a lamp is
lighted people naturally are attracted to
that light and gather around it. When
there is a gathering in the evening in
any place it is indicative of the fact that
a light has there been lighted.
"There are lamps the light of which
is limited. There are lamps which
illumine the horizons. The lamp of the

