new faculties as standards in the mind.
It is a Mystery, but not secretive; a Rev-
elation, but not argumentative; Love,
but not enticement. In numberless pas-
sages the flame burns visibly forth and
the wine intoxicates. It is a spiritual
geography for the searching mind, a
home for the heart outworn. But alas,
even in the abundance of midspring, the
dead tree stands unmoved.
"Revelation is a fire from which pro-
ceed two effects: It creates the flame of
love within the faithful, but produces
the cold of heedlessness within those
that hate.' 
"The proof of the sun is its light
which shines forth encompassing the
world; and the evidence of the shower
is the bounty renewing the earth at its
fall')?
THE SUN OF REALITY BECOMES TRULY VVITH THE
PASSING OF THE CLOUD OF THE BODY
A Tablet by Abdul Baha to the Great Scholar, Abul Fazl
When in 1892 Baha'Ullah, after fifty
years of glorious teaching in Persia, in
Bagdad, in the most great prison of
Acca, passed into the unseen world his
disciples were prostrate, even the saintly
Abul Fazl. It seemed as if nothing
could console them. Abdul Baha wrote
twice to Abul Fazl but he was so grief
stricken that he sent no answer. The
spiritual radiance reflected from the
mirror of Baha'Ullah's temple
was so life-giving even Abul Fazl was
desolate when the physical mirror was
broken. Then Abdul Baha Wrote him
the following marvelous tablet. It has
a deep significance for all his friends

thou father, mother and brother of
Faza'il (virtues)!
It has been a long time since the
fragrance of significances from the rose-
gardens of the heart of that fountain-
head of knowledge has reached the nos-
trils of the longing ones or the flame of
the heat of the vibrations of yearning
have reached the meadows of the hearts
of the true friends. Although at the
commencement of the burning anguish
caused by the separation of the Beloved
of the Horizons (Baha 'Ullah), a letter
was sent, yet the acknowledgment of its
receipt has not appeared, nor has the
sign of acceptance been made manifest.
It is evident that this distress and de-
pression are due to the severity of the
grief for the separation of the Beloved
of the Horizons and this inactivity is
due to the effect of the great calamity.
But the lights of the Sun of Reality
have no setting, nor have the waves of
the great sea any quiet. or calm. The
bounties of the Abha, the most glorious
Kingdom are uninterrupted and the
splendors of the Empyrean heaven are
permanent. The clouds of the April of
bestowals are overflowing and the artery
of the love of God is pulsating in the
body of the world. The confirmations
of the most glorious, Aloha companion
are incessant and the grace of his holi-
ness the Most High is continuous.
Though that most luminous Sun has set
in the lower horizon, which is the hori-
zon of beings, yet it has risen and shone
forth from the highest horizon. Though,
until the present time, the eyes of man-
kind on account of veils have been de-
prived,_blinded and covered, now that
veil which in every dispensation and age
has been the cause of denial is being
removed. For in all dispens-ations when
the Manifestation of His Oneness ap-
107

