244 STAR OF THE WEST
At such a time as this these two broth-
ers, Hassan and Hussein, opened their
home to all the Bahais, fully performing
their duties, fearing no one, nay, rather,
they were the standard bearers of this
blessed Cause in that city and the pro-
tectors of the oppressed. Whenever an
attack was made by the enemies on any
of the innocent they used every possi-
ble means to save that one. Their house
was looked upon as the center for the
Bahais who traveled back and forth and
for 'general meetings. They feared not
the hatred of the Mullas nor their public
attacks and were so intoxicated with the
wine of love and faith that they com-
pletely forgot themselves. They seemed
not to live on this earth but to be soar-
ing in another, an infinite realm.
When His Holiness Baha'Ullah was in
Bagdad, these two brothers, longing for
sent a petition to him ask-
ing that their blood might be shed for
the succor of the tree of the Cause of
God and that they might ascend to the
Kingdom. Indeed, in heart and spirit
they had already arrived at their goal
and had attained to true 
which is severance from one own desire
and annihilation in the will of God.
Such was the state of affairs until,
in 1878, the great tragedy concerning
these two brothers, which is here de-
scribed, took place.
In the city of Isfahan there lived a
wealthy Mohammedan leader. So nu-
merous were his followers and so great
was his influence that even the governor,
strong and independent though he was,
had to defer to him. Baha'Ullah called
this person The Raksha, that is, snake
of beautiful spots with moles full of
poison. Raksha owed the two brothers
more than twenty thousand dollars and
his property was in their control. In
this year of 1878 they asked him to set-
tle his account. And then a satanic
scheme occurred to him. He deter-
mined to do away with them by accus-
ing them of being Bahais. Thus could
he escape the paying of his debts and
he might, perhaps, even plunder their
great possessions. He disclosed, confi-
dentially, this wicked plan to Sheikh
Zi'b, The Wolf, who responded with the
utmost hatred and blood-thirstiness and
promised his assistance. Together they
resolved to carry out their terrible plan
and accordingly called upon the gov-
ernor and, complaining, said:
These brothers, because of their high
positions and many virtues, are grad-
ually drawing the people into the cause
of Baha'Ullah and are destroying the
religion of Islam. Therefore it is your
duty to bestir yourself that we may ex-
terminate them."
The prince at first was delighted, but
later he asked to be excused, saying:
"No one has ever seen them commit any
unseemly deed, nay, rather they are
adorned with qualities and deeds which
are pleasing to God and His creatures.
For what crime could they be pun-
ished?"
They replied, "There can be no great-
er crime than to leave the religion of
Islam and take shelter under the shadow
of a new religion.' 
The prince then said, "They are of
the descendants of Mohammed and we
will be responsible to God."
They answered, "We are willing to
accept the responsibility as we will be
the true murderers."
Then Raksha, The Snake, he who was
so impatient and so anxious to have
them killed, placed his hands upon his
own neck thus signifying that the re-
sponsibility would fall upon him.
The prince said, "These two brothers
are actively engaged in business in many
cities and it is certain that if such a
tragedy were to happen many merchants
would suffer loss, their voices would be
raised in protest and the Shah might
perhaps start an investigation."
They replied, "\Ve assume entire re-
sponsibility and will give you a written
statement to the effect that we are pre-
pared to answer any question which may
be asked by the Shah or by the mer-
chants."
They then gave him a statement in
their own handwriting and promised"
him a large portion of the great fortune
which they would appropriate.

