STAR OF THE WEST 89
The Bahai Congress for Teaching and the
Fourteenth Annual Convention
(Continued from page 74)
and regulation will be in the utmost
comfort. But these just rules should
be enlarged to include the wo-rld. In
all ages and times there have been cer-
tain heroic souls endowed with a vigor
and power to find their way out of dif-
ficulties. As an example of these, she
mentioned Kurrat-ul-Aine, who, upon
meeting the Shah, rushed forward and
told him that the day of unity had
appeared.
Mr. Alfred E. Lunt, of Boston, spoke
of the Universal Religion of the future.
He said: "This religion is the garment
which God, with infinite love, has woven
for his children. Humanity may be
likened to sheep wandering from the
fold. So long have they wandered that
many are still deaf to the Voice of the
True Shepherd. Humanity is stretched
upon the bed of affliction. Although it
rejects the remedy, yet the Heavenly
Power is such that the Divine Physician
prescribes a remedy for the complete
cure of the patient. He came that the
heavenly power in the heart of human-
ity might be awakened. But He does
not come for worship or fame. There
is today the Presence of God, and we
must accept in His appearance the tul-
fillment of His past promises. We must
accept His garment, take His remedy,
respond to His call. Humanity, which
has been struggling along with its dual
nature, must find something before it
can be seated upon its throne. This ele-
vation is possible through the inspira-
tion and teachings of God 's Holy Mani-
festations. So the true universal relig-
ion is the acceptance by humanity of the
Spirit which is from everlasting to ever-
lasting. To fall down and worship is
secondary. The primary and vital
thing is to know the power and glory
and to recognize the brotherhood of
man. May His Holy Spirit awaken in
all of us the desire to do His Will.
Mrs. Carl Schefiler sang' a solo.
The power of the life of Abdul-Baha
was the theme of Miss Juliet Thompson,
of New York, who read several beauti-
ful selections from the writings of
Abdul-Baha:
"Love is the mystery of divine rev-
elation. Love is the breath of the Holy
Spirit in the human spirit. Love is the
light of the Kingdom."
Miss Thompson said: "During the
visit of Abdul-Baha to Jersey City some
children were jeering and laughing.
Abdul-Baha said: 'The people are
asleep. You must be awake. See how
heedless they are! How submerged in
darkness! You must be a sea of light!'
In the ascent of Enoch, after he had
passed, the people asked: 'Why is it
he dwelt among us and we knew him
not? l/Vhy is it we saw not the splendor
wherewith the Lord had clothed him?'
"If we could only know in our hearts
what this mighty mystery of love is, our
vision would be clear. A little colored
child of six yea-rs, whom she took to see
Abdul-Baha, was blessed by him. Later
this child asked: 'Is the Master who
blessed me tonight the same who holds
the moon and the stars in His hand and
makes the sun shine?'
"Ii we cry out with the love of God,
that love will flow to us. Without that
love the Bahai Cause will never be
established. 
Mr. Albert R. Vail, with an eloquence
born of the Spirit, rippling like the
merry music of a sparkling fountain,
taught "pure and sanctified living as
the way to spread the Divine Cause."
"The Holy Divine Manifestations,"
said he, "are artists. The masterpieces
are in the hearts. Love, justice, peace,
sacrifice, humanity, etc., are their attri-
butes. There is a vast diiference be-
tween a philosopher and a prophet.
Words and theories' are not effective

