SHOGHI EFF ENDI AT I-IAIFA 315
SHOGHI EFFENDI
IN THE HOLY LAND
Just before his ascension Abdul Baha
said to a friend in Haifa that his work
was finished but that there was one in
Europe-referring to Shoghi Effendi who
was then at Oxford University in Eng-
would astonish the world.
Shoghi Effendi, after a six months' ab-
sence, returned to Haifa on Friday after-
noon, December 15th, in radiant health
and happiness and resumed "the reins of
the oflice" of Guardian of the Bahai
Cause, committed to him in the Will and
Testament of Abdul Baha.
In all countries the hearts of the friends
of Abdul Baha are filled with rejoicing
over this good news of the return to Pal-
estine of the primal branch of the tree of
unity for it means a new day, a new era
in the Bahai Cause.
A TABLET OF ABDUL BAHA
One of the early Tablets rent to America
maidservant of Godl Verily, that
Infant is born and exists and there will
appear from His Cause a wonder which
thou wilt hear in future. Thou shalt see
him with the most perfect form, most
great gift, most complete perfection, most
great power and strongest might. His
face glisteneth a glistening whereby the
horizons are illumined. Therefore, forget
not this account as long as thou art liv-
ing, forasmuch as there are signs for it
in the passing centuries and ages. Upon
you be greeting and praise. (Signed) Ab-
dul Baha The Tablet; of
Abdul Baha, Volume ll, page 484-.
THE COMING OF JENABE FAZEL
Jenabe Fazel l\/Iazandarani of Persia is
now on his way to America. A cable-
gram recently received from Shoghi Ef-
fendi gives us this good news.
On his tour of America two years ago,
schools, churches, labor groups, chambers
of commerce and all kinds of progressive
clubs and societies opened their doors to
this brilliant, spiritual philosopher, this
"ideal sage" of the East, as Abdul Baha
called him.
He comes to the United States this time
with his wife and child for a visit and
speaking tour of a number of years. We
welcome him with greatest joy and we
know that he will bring the light of the
Glad Tidings of unity and universal peace
to larger audiences even than on his last

new
OUR BAHAI MAGAZINE
A NEW PLAN FOR RENEWALS
INTO a world of war, strife and materialism the teachings of Baha'Ullah and
Abdul Baha are shining, bringing the light of unity, joy, peace and spiritual
freedom. The Star of the 65$, our Bahai Magazine presents month by month
these teachings which are the very spirit of the age. Our friends are using the-
Star of the West as a means of spreading in the world these great truths of unity
and spiritual rebirth which will set all men free.
Each one will wish to give away_ current copies as a herald of the Glad Tid-
ings and also to keep them as a priceless library. Therefore We have made a

