Persian noble who led the selfless life,
and labored for the realization of the
true religion of Christ in this World of
today.
"Miss Jack stated that she was study-
ing art in Paris and London When she
first became interested in the Bahai
movement. The fame of the remarkable
man whose message had been carried to
all countries and to all religions so im-
pressed her that the urge to visit him
became too insistent to be disobeyed. In
19-08 she journeyed to Acca, the Turkish
convict town, where, for forty years
Abdul Baha had suffered imprisonment
for his principles. Miss Jack recalled
the fact that Acca was the ancient city
dubbed by Napoleon 'this grain of sand,'
and the resistance of which to his forces,
he declared, prevented him from being
master of the whole world.
"For six months Miss Jack had the
privilege of association with Abdul
Baha, teaching his four lovely daugh-
ters English; learning from him the
basic principles of the cause of Baha
'Ullah and seeing hourly for herself the
selfless life of the spreader of the gos-
pel. She declared that it Was a most
precious experience, and one which had
illumincd her whole life. Liast fall, at
the age of seventy-seven, Abdul Baha
passed on, leaving his grandson, Shoghi
Efiendi, as the guardian of the move-
ment. From all over the world had
come pilgrims of every race and creed
to sit at the feet of Abdul Baha, and
Miss Jack related many remarkable in-
stances of the unifying power of this
expounder of the word. . . .
'The Bahai revelation comes as the
confirmation of these truths of the reli-
gions of the past and in its teachings the
people of the various religions find the
fulfillment of the sacred teachings of the
past, and also the solution of the great
latterday problem of religious unity, for
the Bahai teaching confirms and com-
pletes all religious teachings which have
gone before, and olfers a practical phil-
osophy which meets the present-day
spiritual needs of humanity.' 
Miss Martha Root has, in between her
world-journeys been quietly writing and
speaking in her home town in 
vania. She is now giving a series of lec-
tures each Saturday evening before the
Chamber of Commerce on the universal
principles of the new world-order. The
local newspapers contain resumes of
each lecture and often outlines in ad-
vance. One of these outlines reads as
follows:
"The third in the series of Saturday
evening talks by Miss Martha Root in
the Chamber of Commerce, tomorrow,
Saturday evening, will be 'Universal
Education--the Four Ways of Acquir-
ing Knowledge.' The theme is what it
is to be educated and the power of the
Holy Spirit in developing one 's insight.
The Holy Spirit is for all and the best
knowledge is the Knowledge of God's
Laws."
The three holy Shrines of Baha'Ullah,
Abdul Baha and the Bab were illumined
with powerful electric lights for the first
time on the first day of the Feast of
Rizwan, April 21, 1922.
On the ninth day of April, 1922, the
work was started on the building of the
new pilgrim house at the foot of Mount
Carmel, opposite the home of Abdul
Baha.
In Constantinople, notwithstanding
the lack of teachers, a great number of
Turks, Armenians and Persians have
become attracted to the Bahai Cause.
For the first time in history the mem-
bers of these three races are united in
one faith.
enabe Fazel and his family stopped
in Constantinople on their way from
Persia to Palestine. They are to live
in the Holy Land.
The Bahai children of America have
in the last year through their little Tem-
ple banks given to the Bahai Temple
fund about six hundred dollars.
123

