of various movements and thoughts de-
liver lectures and addresses; thus they
have combined most effectively educa-
tion and recreation. The significance
and usefulness of this unique place lie
in th-e fact that they offer a free and
unrestricted platform to the citizens of
every nation and the adherents of every
religion. Thus every subject is discussed
with that full liberty of conscience
which alone is enjoyed in the United
States. The Founder of these Confer-
ences, wherein every nationality and re-
ligion is worthily represented, is Miss
Farmer. To her is due all praise and
commendation for having thus initiated
this Wonderful plan, which must be car-
ried out to its logical conclusion-a uni-
versal platform for all mankind, irre-
spective of race, religion or nationality.
As the name Green Acre is similar to
the town of Acca, when I arrived there
I was made very happy. I spent one
week in that green and delightful Acca.
It is a most beautiful country place.
Its water is pure, its air is salubrious
and its atmosphere is spiritual. Here
they have many pine groves, under
which people gather to hear lectures.
Mirza Abul Fazl, when in Green Acre,
used to give his addresses under some
of these pines and so they are known as
the Persian Pines."
Green Acre is one of the lovely sum-
mer spots of New England, combining
an Inn, Fellowship House, music and
lecture hall, tea room and cottages, now
hidden, now revealed through pines,
green meadows and sloping hills. Much
has been done the past year to improve
and modernize the physical needs of
Green Acre and to make practical the
inner and outer worlds of our welfare.
Green Acre has a call, a distinct call,
to the universal mind and to the uni-
versal heart to advance material and
spiritual ideals, to further economic and
social justice, to sense Reality in the
miniature of the advancing civilization
of this Day of God. Its natural beauty
and the standard of its Conferences
combine recreation and inspiration. It
is becoming one of the great spiritual
centers of America, because it has no
creed or sect, but welcomes all in the
terms of humanity. Its religion in-
cludes the world, its doctrine is brother-
hood. Its doorways lead to the kingdom
of world peace, the equality of men and
women, the unity of science and reli-
gion, a magnet of Universal Realities.
Miss Farmer was a Bahai and she re-
ceived many Tablets from Abdul Baha
in regard to the foundation and fulfill-
ment of Green Acre, and in conclusion
we quote a few words from several of
these Tablets:
"Consider the divine splendors in
Green Acre: One of them is the tree of
fire, and another is what was witnessed
by thy friend . . . . . .
. ., a light shining
forth unto all sides. . . . Verily, I
beseech God to make Green Acre as the
Paradise of El-Abha, so that the melo-
dies of the nightingale of sanctity may
be heard from it and that the chanting
of the verses of unity may be raised
therein; to cause the clouds of the great
gift to pour upon it the rains falling
from Heaven, . . . These signs shall
surely appear and these lights shall
shine forth. . . . Consequently, if
one looks for praiseworthy results and
wishes to produce eternal effects, let
him make exceeding effort, in order that
Green Acre may become an assemblage
for the Word of God and a gathering
place for the spiritual ones of the
heavenly world."
111

