THE SACRED VALLEY OF PROMISE 309
poetry of such an age must be unsatisfac-
tory. "VVhat is there to represent in poet-
ry in a world of which there is no com-
prehension, no understanding, only a diz-
zy confusion of facts and forms? How
shall you express an age, the meaning of
which is hidden and sealed, of which the
face is cloudy, blown and various?"
These expressions remind one of the de-
scription of this age given by Baha'Ullah,
. . the learned were bewildered and
the wise men were confounded." But
the recognition that the light of compre-
hension is dim is encouraging. Mr. Mac-
Leish believes, and we find this note
struck again and again in contemporary
criticism, that the dimness is the dimness
of dawn. . . . "We know that in the dusk
gigantic shadows move and misty stars
swing over and a Wind goes by. And
there are those who say that when the
day is full again it will be seen the high
gods moved among us unawares."
Mabel H. Paine.
THE SACRED VALLEY OF PROMISE
By Victoria Bedikian
INTO the sacred valley of promise the vassals of fulfillment have entered in
glorious array. The Heralds of God's mysteries have descended to earth with
the fragrant vials of infinite ideals. With the hand of faith thou canst grasp them,
brother in service!
The rivers of Exquisite Nearness are flowing over the heart of man and the
fire of God's judgment is singeing the Wings of unbelief and imagination.
The spreading tree of Unity is planted within the pavilion of man by the hand
of all-powerful God. Ere long its Branch will overshadow the earth as the petals
of roses in their wafting-perfume penetrate the springtime air.
Through the power of God's Word faded souls lift up the head toward white
beams of bounty and lifeless bodies, cast into the tomb of heedlessness, quaff anew
the fountain's brimming cup of cheer.
The doors of favor are now ajar, the hearts of the chosen ones are palpitating
with the vibrating melody of the spirit of severance and the meeting with the
Beloved One. 
Nleditate, friend, upon the beauty of the Beloved, perchance We fly together
through the realms of infinite service into the abode of the darling of our hearts.
Truth is the tree of knowledge, planted within the heart of man through the
Word of God, and the fruits thereof are eternal life and heavenly ideals.
The White table of oneness has descended from the supreme Kingdom, yearn-
ing one. The tables of love are served by the vassals of pity, the angels of sacri-
fice usher in the maidens of deeds who are servants of unity at the banquet of

Behold the portals of divine favor opened before thy face and the doors of
generosity lifted high into the heavens. The horizon of meeting is advancing with
might and power and the dawning place of wisdom is shedding knowledge every-
where.
Reflect, friend, upon the mysteries of things! And listen to the summoning
of the True One! The sweeping wings of light are borne upon the breath of love
and the springtime of the heart is hidden in His power.
The key of fulfillment has opened wide the doors of secrecy and every human
action stands revealed in this most searching hour of judgment.

