26 STAR OF THE WEST
may become awakened to this duty
through this saddest of appeals.
. . . . Before long the Will (and Tes-
tament) of the dear Master will be
ready for America and elsewhere.
Shoghi Effendi is translating it now.
How wonderfully the Beloved provided
for the protection of the Cause. This
will be a happiness to the sincere and
a test to the weak. Let us pray that
the friends in America will arise with
strength and goodwill to obey and to
serve. This is the least we can do now,
that the beloved Master may be pleased
with us, and forgive our many omis-
sions as well as commissions. . . . .
Much love to all the friends and to
each one of your family.
Affectionately,
Emogene (Hongg).
A glimpse of Abdul-B_aha as the Gardener
Pasadena, Calif.
Nov. 15th, 1921.
My Dear Miss Buikema:
I have not forgotten that you accorded
to me the great privilege of sending you
some words regarding our recent visit to
the Master, Abdul-Baha, that you
might use them perhaps to advantage in
the STAR or THE Wnsr. I am so happy
to be able to share with the friends the
wonderful, impressions which we received
there and to send you, for publication,
the accompanying photograph. This pic-
ture was taken in the garden surround-
ing the Shrine of BAHA at Bahje
on the morning of May 1st of this year
for Mr. French and me.
We had spent two- days in the presence
of our Master in Bahje, accompanying
him at morn and evening into the Shrine
to pray and supplicate at the Holy
Threshold. On this particular morning,
Sunday, the first of May, as We passed
through that beautiful garden brilliant
with early spring flowers, I begged the
Master to grant us the favor of pausing
for a photograph in order that I might
bring back to the friends in America
this glimpse of him as he stood among his
flowers. I-Iow near it brings him! To
me, no picture which we have ever had is
quite so typical. Truly, he is the Gar-
dener, and in the hearts he is planting
only seeds of Love.
During the three days which we passed
in his presence at Bahje, the strongest
impressions which I received all bore
upon the necessity of Obedience and
Reoerence. It may be too much to ex-
pect that all will be equally reverent, for
that only comes with a deeper percep-
tion of the station of the Center of the
Covenant. But even those who are at-
tracted superficially to the Bahai teach-
ings must recognize the justice of the
commands of Abdul-Baha, and that all
human and spiritual welfare must lie in
obedience to those commands.
I asked one question which will be of
interest to all the Assemblies and the
answer an infallible guide. It had dis-
tressed me greatly that, in some places
I had seen and known of, extraneous
matter was being introduced into the
regular Bahai meetings until these meet"
ings had lost their spiritual illumination,
growing thereby into intellectual pas-
times rather than into an humble and
reverent attitude toward the Words of
the Messengers. When I mentioned these
things to the Master he looked up with
that inimitable smile and said: "Ash
them where in the teachings of BAHA
they find these things."
The answer was so sweet, so courteous
and so final that I leave it with the
friends to ponder upon, hoping that it
may bind us more and more closely to-
gether in pursuance of the Light which is
to be found only in the pure teachings.
Faithfully yours in the service of the
Center of the Covenant of God.
Nellie French.

