10 STAR THE WEST
unite both spiritually and materially into
one great world people.
DIVINE REVELATION.
Man, being finite, can not comprehend
the essence of the- Infinite God, which is
beyond any and all human conception.
However, through the manifestation of
the Spirit of God or "The Word," that
power which has spoken to the world
through the prophets and chosen ones
of the past, humanity learns of God,
knows His attributes, and is quickened
by His Spirit.
Mankind needs and seeks spiritual
guidance. This divine guidance has
come to humanity through the instru-
mentality of the Manifestations of God
or the prophets or Revealers of Truth.
These chosen souls have been the found-
ers of the great religious world-move
ments. They have manifested the Spirit
of God to the people of the World, and
through them men have known God and
have become quiekened by the life of
The Kingdom.
THE ONENESS OF THE MANIFES-
TATIIONS.
Though the peI'sO11alities of the pro-
phets diifered, yet the divine power
which spoke through each one was the
same in spirit and reality. Each pro-
phet revealed God a.nd the law of the
divine kingdom in proportion to the
needs of the age to which he ministered,
and in terms and parables familiar to
its people.
In their purity, all religious teachings
are in perfect accord; all teach the
fatherhood of God and the brotherhood
of man. Human differences, imagina-
tions and superstitions have been the
causes of religious division, dissension
and disintegration, but true spirituality
has ever been the source and niainspring
of man's unity in religion and advance-
ment in civilization. Each of the great
world civilizations has had it conception
and birth in a spiritually active religion,
and the downfall of civilizations has been
brought about by spiritually lifeless re-
ligions, shrouded in forms and in super-
stitions.
THE NEW REVELATION.
As the former ages have had certain
spiritual or religious needs, so this pres-
ent and coming universal age, upon the
threshold of which the world now stands,
has its own peculiar spiritual and re-
ligious needs. The world is now reatiy
for the spiritual unity and harmony of
its people. The universal religion now
comes, in order that the universal civili-
zation may be realized.
The prophets of the past foresaw this
latter-day religious need, and they also
foresaw the coming of two great teachers
and pro-phets who would minister to
the whole world, and fulfill the Covenant
of God in establishing the universal
religion or the Kingdom upon earth.
The Hebrew prophets dwelt at length
upon the coming of the "Ancient of
Days," and the glory of His epoch;
Jesus, the Christ, spoke many times of
His second coming and the establish-
ment of His Father's Kingdom upon
earth; the prophet Mohammed taught
that the Mahdi would come, followed by
the Manifestation of God who would
establish the Kingdom; Zoroaster taught
of the triumph of light over darkness,
of truth over ignorance, and I-Iis follow-
ers expect the Promised One whom they
call Shah Bahram, to accomplish this
victory; Gautama, the Buddha, foretold
the coming of the great fifth Buddha,
who would bring enlightenment to all
the world; the Hindu holy books men-
tion another incarnation of Krishna, or
the Divine Spirit, whose mission would
be universal enlightenment; while the
poets and prose writers of all times have
depicted the beauty and the perfection
of the utopian or millennial age, to be
realized when The Great 'World Master
appeared on earth to establish G'r0d's rule
among the nations. In reality all testi-
fied to One who was to come. These

