room. It was bare and empty, but on
the wall hung the shepherd's coat Ios
had worn and his crook with which he
tended his flock. "What is the meaning
of this, Ios," he exclaimed, "Tl1at thou
dost creep to this room silently in the
dead of night, and thus arouse suspicion
when I have so trusted thee?" "Oh, my
King," replied Ios, "When first I be-
held thee I was a poor ignorant shep-
herd boy,(but thou hast raised me to this
lofty state through thy pure bounty and
generosity, therefore, I never wish to
forget from what I came, but to remain
ever humble and grateful to thee. Thus
I come each night to reflect on what I
was and what Thou has made me through
Thy bounty, generosity and favor.

One day while the King Was riding
with his courtiers and favorites he open-
ed a wallet in his sadde, and cast hand-
fuls of precious jewels in the road. His
friends stopped, dismounted and gath-
ered the gifts scattered by his loving
hand. Ios alone remained at his side
with his eyes fastened on the beloved
face, never glancing away. Then the
courtiers murmured saying, "See Ios,
he despises the gifts of the King and will
not trouble himself to attain them."
The King looked at him and smiling
said, "How is this, Ios, dost thou despise
my gifts?"
"Never have I desired anything from
thee, but to behold thy face, this has
been and ever shall be sufficient for this
servant."
IV.
In Persia they have a great variety of
delicious melons and it is the custom in
this season to hold feasts and serve this
abundant fruit to the guests. When the
season came and the melons were ripe
the King held a feast and invited many
people. Ios was absent engaged on some
service, but presently the guests saw that
there was one melon left uncut. Then
they murmured among themselves say-
ing, "You will see that this melon, which
is no doubt very sweet and delicious is
reserved for the Beloved of the King,"
and soon the King sent for Ios, and cut-
ting the melon gave him a piece saying
"Thou, too, must partake of my feast. I
have kept this melon for Thee." The
King also took a piece, but When he
tasted it he exclaimed "This melon is as
bitter as gall, how couldst thou eat it,
Ios? But the boy replied, "All my life
I have received sweet from thy hand,
now if thou dost give me bitter shall I
refuse it'! For bitter is sweet from the
hands of my King."
V.
That which the King valued in all his
domains Was the Royal Gardens, which
were vast and very beautiful With trees
and flowers, lakes and fountains, and
where every living thing was safe and
protected, for it was forbidden therein
to kill. And Ios so lived in the King 's
heart, was so loved and trusted that he
made him the guardian and custodian of
this Garden of Life and Beauty, which
was the highest honor in his Kingdom.
Then Ios faithfully guarded his trust.
One day as Ios was walking in the
beautiful Gardens, the King 's son, who
had been jealous of him crept stealthily
up behind him and swiftly shot an arrow
from his bow and fled. It pierced the
breast of a swan and the red blood
flowed down the pure white breast into
the water, and the swan swayed and
drooped and died.
Ios stood aghast with grief and hor-
ror, gazing at the swan then at the bow
lying in the path at his feet. As he
stooped to pick it up a. gardener ap-
proached and accused Ios of killing the
swan. Then the man hastened to the
Royal Presence and told what Ios had
done. The King summoned him and
said "What hast thou done?" Ios
bowed his head in silence. "Speak," the
King commanded, "Who has slain the
swan?" But Ios would not speak. The
King's heart was breaking and he ex-
claimed, "Thy silence condemns thee. If
thou dost not speak and justify thyself
I shall banish thee forever from my
183

