EDITORIAL
TWELVE years ago a group of
friends in Chicago felt that the light
of the Bahai Cause, which was just be-
ginning to shine in the west, should
have a mirror to reflect its heavenly
teachings and its world-wide progress.
They started a little paper called the
Bahwi News. Mr. Albert Windust and
Miss Gertrude Buikema stepped for-
ward 130 take up the work of editing and
circulating the little sheet. Abdul
Pgaha wrote beautiful tablets concerning
the universal magazine into which it
was to develop. Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
started the Persian section which, when
he went to the Orient, was taken over
by Dr. Zia Bagdadi. Their devoted
services have made a visible bond be-
tween the east and the west and brought
news and heavenly words to multitudes
in the Orient.
The News became the STAR or
It was enlarged to its pres-
ent size during the epochal tour of
Abdul Baha to the United States in
1912. During the following years it
has published Abdul Baha's. addresses
in churches and synagogues, in univer-
sities and before' progressive 
those addresses which are the charter
of the new civilization.
All these years Mr. Windust and Miss
Buikema with self-sacrificing devotion
prepared and circulated the issues in
addition to their regular business, often
stealing their hours of sleep and their
holidays needed for rest that the STAR
or THE might shed .its light. To-
day the growth of the STAR has made
the work too heavy for them and so the
National Spiritual Assembly through
its Publication Committee has come to
their assistance.
Miss Mary Lesch, through fourteen
years of heroic devotion, has built up
the Bahai Publishing Society with its
present splendid stock of Bahai litera-
ture. Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Agnew were
the brave pioneers Who, seeing the light
of the star in the east began in 190-2 to
publish the books that should reflect its
universal glory into the west. Through
their loving service and that of Miss
Mary Lesch a wonderful library of the
Bahai writings has been put at the dis-
posal of the National Spiritual Assem>>
bly and the English-speaking friends.
Now the two activities are to be
united through the Publications Com-
mittee, with present headquarters at
Room 450, 508 South Dearborn Street,
Chic-ago. The STAR or THE WEST will
be published twelve times a year accord-
ing to the western calendar until the
Universal House of Justice works out in
detail the calendar of the new age.
JOIN THE ARMY OF 
THE divine religion is the religion of
service. Spirituality, says Abdul
Baha, is love in action. A supreme ser-
vice in this the greatest of all centuries,
as Abdul Baha wrote to- an American
friend, is "service to the Kingdom of
Peace." "The army of the oneness of the
world of humanity will regenerate the
world like heavenly angels. The sharp
sword of this army is the love of God
and its power the knowledge of God. 
With the Genoa conference failing,
the nations on the verge of bankruptcy
and despair, hatred and suspicion rend-
ing asunder the ties of international
friendships and threatening the very
foundations of humanity the call to
peace and reconciliation rings like the
bell of the voice of God through the
world.
"Hasten ye toward guidance!
Hasten ye toward union!
Hasten ye toward love and prosperity!
Hasten ye to behold the Light of the
World!
Hasten ye toward peace and reconcilia-
tion!
112

