236 STAR OF THE WEST
them from sorrow, grant them peace
and prosperity; give them Thy bliss and
pour upon them Thy bounty. Thou art
the Powerful, the Gracious, the Help in
peril, the Self-Subsisting."
Touching the importance of teaching
the Cause of God these are his words:
ye that stand fast in the Cove-
nant: When the hour cometh that this
wronged and broken-winged bird will
have taken its flight unto the Celestial
Concourse, when it will have hastened to
the Realm of the Unseen and its mortal
frame will have been either lost or hid-
den 'neath the dust it is incumbent
upon the Afnan that are steadfast in
the Covenant of God and have branched
from the Tree of Holiness, the Hands
(pillars) of the Cause of God, (the glory
of the Lord rest upon them) and all the
friends and loved ones, one and all to
bestir themselves and arise with heart
and soul with one accord to diffuse the
sweet savours of God, to teach His
Cause and to promote His Faith. It be-
hoveth them not to rest for a moment,
neither to seek repose. They must dis-
perse themselves in every land, pass by
every clime and travel throughout all
regions. Bestirred, without rest, and
steadfast to the end they must raise in
every land the triumphant cry, 'Ya
Baha El-Abba, (O Thou the Glory of
Glories,) must achieve renown in the
world wherever they go, must burn
even as a torch in every meet-
ing and must kindle the flame of divine
love in every assembly; that the Light
of Truth may rise resplendent in the
midmost heart of the world, that
throughout the East and throughout the
West a vast concourse may gather under
the shadow of the Word of God, that
the sweet savours of holiness may be
diffused, that faces may radiantly shine,
that hearts may be filled with the Di-
vine Spirit and souls may heavenly life
attain."
"The disciples of Christ forgot them-
selves and all things, forsook all
their cares and belongings, purged them-
selves of self and passion and, with ab-
solute detachment, scattered far and
wide, calling the peoples of the world to
the Divine Guidance, till at last they
made the World another world, illum-
incd the surface of the earth, and even
to their last hour proved self-sacrificing
in the pathway of that Beloved One of
God. Finally in various lands they suf-
fered glorious Let them
that are men of action follow in their
footsteps.
"Whosoever and whatsoever meeting
becometh a hindrance to the diffusion of
the Light of Faith, let the loved ones
give them counsel and say: 'Of all the
gifts of God the greatest is the gift of
teaching. It draweth unto us the grace
of God and is our first obligation. Of
such a gift Why do we deprive our-
selves? Nay, our lives, our goods, our
comfort, our rest, we offer them all in
sacrifice for the Abha Beauty, and teach
the Cause of God.' Caution and pru-
dence, however, must be observed even
as recorded in the Book. The veil must
in no wise be suddenly rent asunder."
In one of his last Tablets Abdul Baha
wrote: "Regard not the person of Abdul
Baha, for he will eventually take his
leave of you all; nay, fix your gaze upon
the Word of God. Should it rise and be
exalted rejoice, be glad and thankful
even though Abdul Baha be under a
drawn sword, be imprisoned or be cast
into bonds: for that which is of trans-
cendent importance is the Holy Temple
ofthe Cause of God and not the mortal
frame of Abdul Baha. The loved ones
of God must arise with such steadfast-
ness that should hundreds of souls, even
as Abdul Baha himself, be made a target
for the darts of woe, nothing whatsoever
shall affect or lessen their firm resolve,
their intention, their ardour, their en-
kindlement, their. service to the Cause
of God. . . . This, ye beloved of
the Lord is my counsel and my exhor-
tation unto you. Well is it with him
whom the Lord aideth to do even as bid-
den in this pure and sanctified Tablet."
His very last Tablet, graciously re-
vealed for his loved ones in Stuttgart,
conveys his reflections upon this tran-
sient world, and his counsels to his loved
ones that dwell therein:
ye beloved of the Lord! In this
mortal world, nothing whatsoever endur-

