230 STAR OF THE WEST
be so well off and We in such dire want
and need? In view of our needs and
troubles how can you rest in your palace,
how can you even say that you are free
from worries and sorrows? As a ruler
you must not be so egoistic as to think
of yourself alone but you must think of
those who are your subjects. When we
are comfortable then you will be com-
fortable; when we are in misery how can
you, as a king, be in happiness?"
The purport is this that we are all in-
habiting one globe of earth. In reality
we are one family and each one of us is
a member of this family. We must all
be in the greatest happiness and com-
fort, under a just rule and regulation
which is according to the good pleasure
of God, thus causing us to be happy, for
this life is fleeting.
If man were to care for himself only
he would be no thing but an animal for
only the animals are thus egoistic. If
you bring a thousand sheep to a Well
to kill nine hundred and ninety-nine
the one remaining sheep would go on
grazing, not thinking of the others and
worrying not at all about the lost, never
bothering that its own kind had passed
away, or had perished or been killed.
To look after one's self only is there-
fore an animal propensity. It is the
animal propensity to live solitary and
alone. It is the animal proclivity to
look after one's own comfort. But man
was created to be a man--,to be fair,
to be just, to be merciful, to be kind to
all his species, never to be willing that
he himself be well off While others are
in misery and is an at-
tribute of the animal and not of man.
Nay, rather, man should be willing to
accept hardships for himself in order
that others may enjoy wealth; he should
enjoy trouble for himself that others
may enjoy happiness and well-being.
This is the attribute of man. This is
becoming of man. Otherwise man is not
man--he is less than the animal.
The man who thinks only of himself
and is thoughtless of others is undoubt-
edly inferior to the animal because the
animal is not possessed of the reason-
ing faculty. The animal is excused; but
in man there is reason, the faculty of
justice, the faculty of mercifulness.
Possessing all these faculties he must
not leave them unused. He who is so
hard-hearted as to think only of his own
comfort, such an one will not be called
man.
Man is he who forgets his own inter-
ests for the sake of others. His own
comfort he forfeits for the Well-being of
all. _Nay, rather, his own life must he
be willing to forfeit for the life of man-
kind. Such a man is the honor of the
World of humanity. Such a man is the
glory of the world of mankind. Such
a man is the one who wins eternal bliss.
Such a man is near to the threshold
of God. Such a -man is the very man-
ifestation of eternal happiness. Other-
Wise, men are like animals, exhibiting
the same proclivities and propensities as
the World of animals. What .distinction
1S there? What prerogatives, what per-
fections'? None whatever! Animals are
better even--thinking only of themselves
and negligent of the needs of others.
Consider how the greatest men in the
world--whether among prophets or phi-
have forfeited their own
comfort, have sacrificed their own pleas-
ure for the well-being of humanity. They
have sacrificed their own lives for the
body politic. They have sacrificed their
own Wealth for that of the general wel-
fare. They have forfeited their own
honor for the honor of mankind. There-
fore it becomes evident that this is the
highest attainment for the world of hu-
manity.
We ask God to endow human souls
with justice so that they may be fair,
and may strive to provide for the com-
fort of all, that each member of hu-
manity may pass his life in the utmost
comfort and welfare. Then this material
world will become the very paradise of
the Kingdom, this elemental earth will
be in a heavenly state and all the serv-
ants of God will live in the utmost joy,
happiness and gladness. We must all
strive and concentrate all our thoughts
in order that such happiness may ac-
crue to the world of humanity.

