STAR OF THE WEST 39
ages. The universal basic spiritual truths
of religion, upon the contrary, accord
with science. When men understand the
true principles of religion no conflict
will be found between them and the ma-
terial sciences.
EVOLUTION OF MAN
According to the Baha.i teaching, spirit
or life force is of five kinds: vegetable,
animal, human, and divinely spiritual
life of the soul, and the Infinite unknow-
able Spirit of God. Man was created
man, a species apart and above the veg-
etable and animal conditions. Through
the spiritual influences of the Manifesta-
tions of God's Word, or the Prophets,
man becomes characterized by the di-
vinely spiritual qualities, and a.dds to
his human nature the spiritual nature,
or the life eternal.
The Bahais see true religion itself as
a scientific fact, for to them the true
philosophy of religion is the statement
or the science of the higher spiritual
laws of that plain of being known as
The Kingdom of God. Through the
working of these divine laws and a
knowledge thereof, humanity arises from
the state of spiritual ignorance which
characterizes the so-called "natural" or
savage man, and becomes quickened by
the process of the higher life. Thus,
through a knowledge of the basic prin-
ciples of religion, and through the Wis-
dom which the living spirit of religion
instills into the soul, the true religious
man is freed from the thraldom of igno-
ance and superstition, which imprisons
the soul, and he finds ample opportunity
and scope for the development of the
highest and noblest virtues peculiar to
that plane of being known as The King-
dom of God.
ORIENTAL-OCCIDENTAL UNITY
One of the greatest obstacles to over-
come before universal brotherhood and
peace can come is the natural lack 
confidence and understanding between
the Oriental and Occidental peoples. The
Orient has always been the source of the
world's spiritual inspiration, While in
the Occident has appeared the fruition
of this inspiration in the form of a. high-
ly evolved civilization. Through the
Bahai teachings this chasm between the
East and the "Test is bridged, and for
the first time in history Oriental and Oc-
cidental are meeting on a common
ground of sympathy and understanding.
ECONOMIC QUESTIONS
Co-operation is the basic principle
upon which all institutions should be
founded. The co-operation of all for the
good of all. Laws should be so regulated
that it will be impossible for one man
to enrich himself at the expense of an-
other. Through the proper adjustment
of political and commercial relations be-
tween individuals and nations all will
live I in harmony, happiness and in
plenty.
THE HOUSE OF JUSTICE
ULLAI-I arranged for the guid-
ance and the Welfare of his cause by ap-
pointing Abdul-Baha "The Center of
His Covenant," to Whom the people
turned for guidance. And Abdul-Baha
arranged that after him the people
should turn to Shoghi Eifendi, whom he
appointed "The Guardian of the Cause
and Head of the House of 
body of men chosen from the believers
because of their spiritual qualifications
for wisdom and divine knowledge.
The business aifairs of the Bahai
Movement will then be conducted by
these assemblies of consultation. In ad-
dition to the local Houses of Justice,
there Will be a general assembly of con-
sultation composed of representatives
from all parts of the world. This will
be known as "The Universal House of
Justice." 
THE METHOD OF TEACHING
The teaching is given Without money
and Without price. Teachers are usually
self-supporting, giving their time and
services, the recompense for which is the
joy and satisfaction of serving in the
cause of Truth, but in rare instances
(Continued on page 45)

