one of the great moats, and after getting
permission to enter, were let in through
a door that opens into the court-yard,
quite near the tower in Which Baha'
Ullah was imprisoned. The scene in the
court-yard was a great change from
what We had seen two years ago. All of
it except the end at which we entered
was cut off by a barb-wire fence, and
beyond that was a garden. The great
reservoir in the center had been white-
washed, and was as white as new snow!
Everywhere was cleanliness and order.
About the reservoir were planted a cir-
cle of eucalyptus trees which were
higher than a man. And in the corners
Were flower gardens in a very flourish-
ing condition. It was a tremendous con-
trast to what it must have been when the
pilgrims and exiles first entered in the
sixties. There were a number of soldiers
about, resting or looking after the gar-
den. We were not permitted to go
inside the wire fence, so we did not see
again the rooms at that end of the bar-
racks. The rooms that Baha'Ullah and
the family occupied are in good condi-
tion, clean, and apparently not used by
the soldiers. The friend who Was with
us told us what each one of the rooms
Was used for, the one the Master had,
the one that was used for a kitchen, the
one Where they used to gather on feast-
days, etc.
When we entered the carriage we
drove directly to the Rizwan. It was
good to come in sight of the Water-Wheel
on the end of the island and to see again
those narrow, quiet streams of water
that cut the Rizwan off from the main-
land. In the Rizwan We Went directly
to the lovely spot under the mulberry
trees. How I love that place! I should
have liked to stay there for several
hours, meditating and dreaming, in that
place which is so far out of the world.
At the lower end of the garden we
came to the little house in which Baha'
Ullah had lived while in the garden. We
went up a flight of steps to the room
Baha'Ullah had used, and entered there.
It is kept in excellent order, with a
number of pieces of furniture Baha'
Ullah had used. There was the chair he
had used, with a wooden chest built
about it. Then there was a great table
with inlaid-Wood top. The top lifted up
like the lid of a grand piano and inside
were dozens of little pigeon-holes in
which he used to keep tablets, manu-
scripts, etc. In it also were a pile of
lovely peacock feathers. The young
gardener from Bahje was with us, and I
was utterly astonished when he took out
one of them and gave it to me. I love
peacock feathers for their beauty of
color, and to have one from the garden
of the Rizwan was a most beautiful gift.
There were also two or three other
pieces of furniture that Baha'Ullah had
used. After leaving there we went back
to the mulberry trees, and I had a few
minutes quietly there. It is the most
exquisite place!
Rizwania Khanum told me once about
the days there in the garden during the
time of Baha'Ullah. During the days
of the feast of Rizwan the immediate
family were there with him all the time.
But each day he would invite nine of the
friends from Acca to spend the day with
him. They would come early in the
morning, have lunch with him, and not
go home till evening. Then on the next
day another nine would come and stay.
Imagine how the friends must have
looked forward to their day in that gar-
den! Rizwania Khanum said that
Baha'Ullah was very fond of all beauty,
colors, odors, etc. Also that he was very
kind to the children. One day he found
a number of the little girls playing
together, and he asked them what they
would like to have. They apparently
did not express any wish, but he guessed
at what they might like. So he sent a
man away and when he came back he
brought for each girl a slender gold
bracelet, as a gift from Baha'Ullah.
Just as we were leaving the Rizwan
the gardener brought me a great bunch
of flowers which he had picked for me,
dahlias, phlox and several kinds of
which I did not know the name.
G. L. C.
210

