A PIONEER AT THE GOLDEN GATE
BY their fruits shall ye know them,"
said Jesus, referring to the great
prophets who should come after him.
The fruits of a great spiritual Educator
are his heroic deeds, his selfless life, his
divine love, his dynamic words. They
are also the pure, serene and radiant
lives of his disciples.
Mrs. Helen S. Goodall was a pioneer,
in America, in seeing and making known
that new revelation of the oneness of
God, the oneness of mankind and
the fundamental oneness of religion
which Baha'Ullah and Abdul Baha have
brought from the City of Light into our
world of war and confusion. She first
heard of the Bahai Revelation in the
summer of 1898 when the message was
brought to California by Mrs. Lua Get-
singer who 'taught a small group at the
home of. Mrs. Hearst. Miss Helen Hill-
yer, a friend of Mrs. Goodall 's daughter,
spoke of the new teaching, and at once
an intense interest was awakened.
Mrs. Goodall was born in Maine, and
travelled to California in 1864 where
she soon became a teacher in the public
schools of San Francisco, and in that
city was married, in 1868, to Mr. Edwin
Goodall. She was deeply religious, pro-
gressive, and free from prejudice, and,
as the various new schools of thought
were brought to her attention she inves-
tigated each fresh presentation of truth
with an open mind.
As Mrs. Getsinger was about to leave
for Acea in the Holy Land with Mrs.
Hearst and the first party of American
pilgrims, that -summer in the year 1898,
Mrs. Goodall had no opportunity to
attend her class, but, having the strong
impression that this revelation she so
longed to hear was destined to be for her
the goal of universal, all-inclusive truth
toward which God had been gradually
guiding her searching heart she pon-
dered the matter for some weeks and
finally resolved, if possible, to journey
to New York where another teacher
could be found. There were obstacles in
the way, but the doors opened and on
the nineteenth of September Mrs. Good-
all and her daughter started across the
continent. I11 New York she found
Anton Haddad, a Syrian Bahai, who
gave her the fuller teachings for which
she was seeking.
Shortly afterward a letter was re-
ceived by Miss Hillyer from Mrs. Hearst
requesting her to come at once to Cairo.
She very graciously insisted that Mrs.
Goodall's daughter Ella should accom-
pany her; therefore a cablegram was
despatched to Acca asking for permis-
sion. In the meantime Mrs. Goodall was
slowly recovering from an illness but by
the time the cabled permission came she
was well enough to return home to Cali-
fornia leaving the two young women to
begin their never-to-be-forgotten pil-
grimage.
Arriving in Oakland in February,
1899, Mrs. Goodall began to speak of the
Glad Tidings to a few interested friends.
A tiny nucleus was formed and the
foundation laid for the Oakland Assem-
bly which gradually drew to itself mem-
bers from San Francisco and the other
districts around the Bay.
In those early days there were no
teachers in the far west, no Bahai books
available. The writings of Baha/Ullah
and Abdul Baha had not been published
and most of them were still untrans-
lated. The friends were dependent upon
an occasional tablet for their teachings.
203

