THE STRUCTURE OF THE TEMPLE 261
The Temple Will be always open to every
one to come, study, and worship. At
night it Will be brilliantly lighted and the
light will shine forth through the tracery
of the dome, a beacon of peace and unity
rising high above Lake Michigan. The
central auditorium Will be 161 feet in
height and diameter. Choirs of children
in the galleries will chant the prayers and
lead the songs in the services of worship.
"Around the central house of worship
there will be built various educational
and philanthropic institutions. These in-
stitutions are the expression of that uni-
versal love to all races and religions which
is the spirit of the new age. Altogether
these institutions will form what Abdul
Baha calls the Azkar' or 'The
Dawning Point of to
God in loving service to mankind.
'When,' he Writes, 'these institutions, col-
lege, hospital, hospice and establishments
for the incurables, university for the study
of higher sciences and advanced educa-
tional courses, and various philanthropic
buildings are built, the doors Will be open
to all the nations and all religions. There
Will be drawn absolutely no line of de-
markation. The charities will be dis-
pensed irrespective of color and race.
The gates will be flung wide to mankind;
prejudice toward none, love for all. The
central building will be devoted to the
purposes of prayer and worship. Thus
for the first time religion will become
harmonized With science and science will
be the handmaid of religion, both show-
ering their material and spiritual gifts on
all humanity.' 
(Quoted from The Christian Register,
Boston, Mass.)
THE STRUCTURE OF THE BAHAI
TEMPLE
From an address given before the Wil-
mette Chapter of the /Imerican Almeria-
tion of Engineers, November 2, I922 by
Major Henry  Burt, the Engineer of
the Temple.
THE Temple in Wilmette will be a
beautiful building. It Will be rich in
decoration consistently carried out. Its
color will be nearly white, Which is ap-
propriate for a structure of this monu-
mental character. The Temple is being
built from plans made by l\/Ir. Louis
Bourgeois, an architect of many years'
experience and great artistic ability. The
design Was selected in a competition
among a number of architects, held in
New York City in 1919. All of the com-
petitors were of the Bahai faith, and thus
had the inspiration and enthusiasm of
their religious belief to aid them in their
efforts. In presenting his design Mr.
Bourgeois submitted a model of the build-
ing which he had molded and carved
largely with his own hands--a most pains-
taking and tedious work. This model was
sent to Chicago and exhibited at the Art
Institute in l\/lay 1921. As soon as a
suitable place is available at the Temple
it will be reassembled there. This model
was so carefully made that it Was closely
followed in making full size detail draw-
mg.
The location of the building is in the
southeast section of Wilmette. On the
east and northeast is Sheridan Road, with
an unobstructed outlook upon Lake
Michigan. Northeasterly the view is
across the Wilmette Harbor and the Lake
Front Park of Wilmette. To the west
and northwest the property is bounded
by the Drainage Channel and across the
channel is the park area which was re-
cently contributed to the Wilmette Park
Board. By these surroundings the Tem-
ple is protected against the encroachment
of other buildings on all sides save the
south and as this will probably be resi-
dence property permanently, there will
not be any serious interference. In all
other directions no buildings are likely
to be erected Within a distance of one
thousand feet. For the most part the
ground is about tWenty--five feet above
the lake level. There will be a terraced
approach to form the base of the Temple.
From this terrace steps will lead up to the
main floor, nine feet higher.
The portion of the structure which is
now enclosed is the basement. The top
of the present construction is the first
floor level. The top of the terrace will
be at the top of the outside wall and the
sloping surface from this wall inward is
the base for the steps that will encircle
the superstructure.
The superstructure, for convenience of
description, can be divided into three sec-

