Reverentially We would express the
conviction that nothing would be more
un-Godlike than to impose a "super-
natural" life and creed upon man, com-~
pel him to sojourn "upon earth," to do
His will, recognize His presence and yet
deprive man of all possibilities of com-
pliance, thus reducing his existence to a
mere phase of probation, unreality and
detachment. We admit full sympathy
with the viewpoint of the Times Literary
Supplement a sympathy which is still
more heightened when the writer asks
for a "Christianity" which knows that
one who gives himself wholly to music
or astronomy is as fully a Christian as
one who gives himself Wholly to the
service of the altar or to Work amongst
the poor. We shall not dissect the claim
nor cross-examine its ideal. We prefer
rather simply to quote from Bahai utter-
ance confident that in so doing We shall
afford an evaluation and answer and at
the same time confirm our sympathy
already expressed.
"The Word (Essence) of God is the
spirit of Reality. All things owe their
existence to it. Its light when cast upon
the mirrors of the wise gives expression
to wisdom; reflected from the minds of
artists it produces manifestations of
new and beautiful arts; when it shines
through the minds of students it reveals
knowledge and unfolds mysteries."
Therein is no limitation. "Reality"
(Word) is universal; also inexhaustible.
Apart from this "Christianity and Civ-
lization" and all the composite conven-
tionality associated therewith become
mere terminologies possessing no creative
innsteness.
The Times Literary Supplement mod-
estly asserts, "his paper i-s to raise ques-
tions rather than answer them." Joining
him in the station of the journey--goal-
Ward the service of endeavor heralds
comfort and assurance to us; we desire
his best activities in things that mean
so much. His "questions" translated in
the "Spirit of Reality" indicate a turn-
ing towards the Light (Center), with a
desire and attraction that will ere long
solve for him how the "fullness of life
is to be lived" in acceptance of knowl-
edge which hath appeared.
212
In this category of viewpoints we
can find "the spirit of this Age" urging
Glenn Frank, Editor of The Century
Magazine, "to certain prophecies" which
for us aresimply reflexes complimentary
of the Reality we have already referred
to. Mr. Frank claims the advent of a
spiritual renaissance of Western Civili-
zation, not so much from a plan to set
the world right as from a passion to see
the world right. We have no desire to
comment upon this further than to
realize a very honest effort to introduce
and establish a viewpoint which, how-
ever evident to himselfseems justly it will be
equally so to his readers. He is timorous
lest he may be judged as "predicting a
mysticism that would sweep the world."
This he in nowise heralds. He concedes
"the confusion of titles" when he says,
"it is difficult to avoid this impression,
however, if one uses the Word "spirit-
ual" for mankind has ever insisted upon
a clean-cut distinction between the spir-
itual and the secular. From us Mr.
Frank wins consensus of judgment when
he adds "a distinction that is in my
reasoning altogether false."
Later, the Way to our traveler seems
mistencumbered. We admit ourselves
into his group of "certain minds" who
find it difficult to grasp the "notion"
that a vast spiritual movement can
spring from the secular activities of
science, industry and politics. The
premises claimed in our earlier state-
ments would simply reverse this order
of estimates. We are almost persuaded
that Mr. Frank himself would assess our
claim as a readjustment rather than a
contradiction for he later concluded that
"spiritual redemption must be brought
to the morally impossible condition into
which our western civilization has
drifted."
Mr. Frank 's estimates as to the prob-
able leadership of the "coming 'renais-
sance" are fascinating and arresting.
Space prohibits detailed analysis. Fur-
ther, tendering the explanation we do
for the "spirit of this Age" the "lead-
ership" is an already solved relation.
The pronounced desire for the welfare
of humanity quickens the "issue" taken

