us certainly everywhere, but there it
seems to hover in great abundance, as it
has pleased God to bless this country
above others. This spirit of love and
peace, of service and self-forgetfulness,
emanating as it were from a great con-
sciousness of God's presence over-
whelmed us constantly. This happened
again and again as We entered the Tomb
of the Bab, while at the Holy Shrine of
Baha'Ullah, and while with Abdul
Baha's family. And him, through
whom in this age this splendor is con-
veyed to God's creature We finally saw
at Tiberias. Abdul Baha, the Servant of
God, We were permitted to see.
As on that beautiful spring morning,
so also at other times, once at night with
the moon as our guide, we Went to the
Tomb of the Bab. Oh, that all the
Bahais could realize the fragrance of
that place! Each time We went there
it seemed more beautiful. As one enters
that sanctuary one feels at once in union
with the higher world. As We knelt
there in prayer my heart seemed to melt;
there was but one great longing. When
we prayed there for the last time, it
was in the evening before our departure,
it Was as if my heart Would break. I
knew that I loved this place more than
any other place in the World. Since We
have gone away, during all these past
months, there would often come over
me a great longing for that holy shrine
and again and again my thoughts Wan-
der there and I kneel down at this
shrine and rest. Now that this building
is the resting place of Abdul Baha. too,
it must be more glorious than ever.
Abdul Baha's family keeps open
house all the time. The women pilgrims
are always welcome among these beau-
tiful women and their children. They
live a life of great simplicity; their life
is a reflection of Abdul Baha's life.
Their thoughts are with him always;
they love him with .a deep abiding love;
they serve in his footsteps and for his
sake serve all mankind. Many a pre-
cious lesson was taught to me while in
140
this household. Often I was surprised
to see that in spite of their restricted
life, these Women uphold a truly broad
attitude towards life in general; they
are full of the universal Spirit; they
know no narrowness; they are all-inclu-
sive and therefore heavenly.
On Good Friday, before sunrise, we
started for Acca and Bahje. We were
a beautiful little group, two grandsons
of Abdul Baha, some other young men,
the Master's youngest daughter, Mon-
aver Khanom, Mr. Kunz and myself.
From the station we walked over the
green meadows towards Bahje. Passing
Bahje palace We soon reached the lit-
tle house, where Abdul Baha often
stayed for days and where all the visit-
ing friends rest before entering the
Tomb-. When we passed through the
blooming garden, which was fragrant
like the place around the Tomb of the
Bab, after removing our shoes, we en-
tered the court. There We all knelt at
the door which leads to the holy shrine
of Baha'Ullah, while Monaver Khanom
with a sweet voice chanted the Visiting
Tablet. Then she opened the door and
invited us to follow her. The place was
filled with the fragrance of Jasmine
blossoms, a heavenly light filled the
room. Here we felt at once at rest and
were permitted to pray for our friends,
for the world, whose savior had come as
a thief in the night. Here heaven and
earth seemed to meet. He certainly has
made his resting place glorious. Before
the onrush of his spirit all human
thoughts had to die; there was but one
prayer all the world
would soon be enabled to serve at this
holy threshold. This Was my great long-
ing and this only had importance before
so much glory. Tears were welcome,
they brought relief to the heart so over-
full. Everybody slowly withdrew, leav-
ing Mr. Kunz and myself alone at the
Holy Shrine, whence for ages to come
people of all classes, races and religions
will derive new strength and assurance
of God's nearness. When we finally

