Mr. Mountfort Mills, of New York,
was the first of the returned pilgrims
to speak. He said in part, referring to
himself and Mr. Wilhelm: "Our visit
was at the summons of Shoghi Efiendi.
At Haifa we met Bahais from Persia,
India, Burma, Egypt, Italy, England
and France. Janabi Fazel was on his
way there and it was the depth of our
disappointment that, owing to the delay
caused by his long journey, we did not
meet him. On arrival the impression
that came strongly over me was that
God is in His Heaven and all is well
with the world. Outwardly during our
journey we turned toward Acca and
Haifa, but inwardly to the Spirit of
Abdul-Baha. Hyppolyte Dreyfus-Ban
ney met us at the station and made us
welcome. We met Shoghi Eifendi,
dressed entirely in black, a touching
figure. Think of what he stands for
today! All the complex problems of
the great statesmen of the world are as
child's play in comparison with the
great problems of this youth, before
whom are the problems of the entire
world. He is a youth of twenty-six,
left by the will of the Master as the
Guardian of the Cause. No one can
form any conception of his difficulties,
which are overwhelming.
"We received his joyous, hearty hand
grasp and our meeting was short. A
bouquet was sent to our room in the
form of a young tree filled with nec-
tarines or tangerines. It was brought
by Mr. Fugeta. Vile awoke without any
sense of sadness. That feeling was en-
tirely gone. The Master is not gone.
His Spirit is present with greater inten-
sity and power, freed from bodily limi-
tations. We can take it into our own
hearts and reflect it in greater degrees.
In the center of this radiation stands
this youth, Shoghi Effendi. The Spirit
streams forth from this young man. He
is indeed young in face, form and man-
ner, yet his heart is the center of the
world today. The character and spirit
divine. scintillate from him today. He
68 STAR OF THE WEST
alone can today save the world and
make true civilization. So humble, meek,
selfless is he that it is touching to see
him. His letters are a marvel. It is
the great wisdom of God in granting
us the countenance of this great central
point of guidance to meet difficult prob-
lems. These problems, much like ours,
come to him from all parts of the world.
They are met and solved by him in the
most informal way. Again it came to us
with great force that the powers of the
Universal House of Justice, when or-
ganized, would be limitless. Its sole pur-
pose would be to solve all human
problems.
"The great principles laid down by
BAHA and Abdul-Baha now
have their foundation in the external
world of God's Kingdom on earth. This
foundation is being laid, sure and cer-
tain, by Shoghi Effendi in Haifa today.
Yet it is all futile unless throughout the
world each one will make this founda-
tion safe in his own heart and life. The
House of Justice and the Hands of the
Cause are given that his hands may be
upheld and the Cause of God may be
selflessly established. He wishes us to
sense the largeness of these great things,
avoid sectarianism and work for the
deepening of the Cause of God before
its expansion. Largeness of heart and
spirit is his wish and will. As the will
of Abdul-Baha says, 'Universality is of
God and limitations are of the earth.'
"The spirit is here. But going there
was an immense bounty. As we move
higher and higher up the mountains
things of the lower reaches disappear.
Our privilege is mighty and beyond de-
scription! Each is doing a work no one
else in the world can do to build upon
the earth the Kingdom of God."
Zeenat Khanum chanted.
Mr. Roy C. Wilhelm, of New York,
was the next speaker. "It is interest-
ing, said he, "as one crosses the bound-
aries of different countries, to witness
the workings of what we may, if per-
mitted to coin a word, call the 'bound-

