78 STAR OF THE WEST
Report of the Bahai Library Committee
Rendered to January, 1921*
AT the eighth Annual Convention of
Bahais held in Chicago in 1916, a
Bahai Publicity Committee was formed,
the object of Which was to further the
knowledge of the Bahai Revelation
through the diffusion of the Written
teachings as approved by the Center
of the Covenant, Abdul-Baha.
Prior to this time attempts had been
made by various Bahais to place our
literature i11 libraries here and there
throughout the country, particularly in
public libraries in those cities in which
there were centers of Bahai teaching.
At" the earnest solicitation of one of the
friends concerned in this library
movement, the Bahai Publicity Com-
mittee interested itself in the Work,
and the result Was that the Bahai Li-
brary Committ-ee Was formed.
Since its organization this Committee
has sent out circular letters to over
twenty-five hundred public libraries
throughout this country, enclosing
printed lists of Bahai publications on
standard catalogue cards for filing,
asking the librarians to apply to the
Committee for the desired Bahai litera-
ture to place on their shelves, and, if
they already had any of our books, re-
questing them kindly to let us know
which volumes they possessed,
Responses from over four hundred
and thirty Public Libraries in America
have been received. This includes many
university, town, and institutional li-
braries, and in turn our Committee has
already been able to place in all, up to
date, 4,929 volumes in these institutions,
while in the future We hope to add more
to this number of books already sent out.
With the exception of 200 copies of The

""Report received from the Committee,
January 25, l922.--The Editors.
Brilliant Proof, by Mirza Abul Fa-zl,
recently purchased by this Library
Fund, all these books have been do-
nated to us for this purpose, the only
expense of the Committee being that of
handling and placing, and in -some
cases of binding the books. Our most
recent gift Was one hundred copies of
the latest edition of Divine Philos-
ophy, made by Mr. Wm. H. Randall.
These books in paper covers were bound
by us in substantial board covers, at the
expense of the Library Fund, and now
are shelved in libraries throughout this
country.
The Secretary of our committee keeps
a very careful record index of all books
which We place, as Well as those re-
ported to us, which are placed by others
in public libraries. Furthermore she is
in correspondence with librarians all
over the country, from Whom We are
constantly receiving appreciative testi-
monials. The Work is being systemat-
ically done, and We have every hope
that many good results will follow.
The Bahai Library Committee trans-
acts all of its business directly With li-
braries. Books are not sent to libraries
through friends, but only direct to those
libraries from Which Written application
for Bahai Books are received, addressed
to the Bahai Library Committee. In this
service the Library Committee needs the
help and -co-operation of the friends in
all parts of the country. We request that
the Bahais in each Assembly help us in
our Work, first by interesting their local
public libraries in having our literature
upon their shelves and second, by re-
ferring inquirers to those libraries for
Bahai reading matter and third, by ask-
ing the librarians of their public libra-
ries to apply to the Library Committee
for such books as We are able to send
out. We send out With all books Library

