STAR OF THE WEST 37
Warfare should be abolished and inter-
national questions settled by a.rbitration.
A universal language is favored as a
means of bringing people together in
unity. Legislation should be representa-
tive. The Bahais should be peaceful
and law-abiding citizens. Their thought
should be humanitarian before all else.
Faith without works is not acceptable.
One 's worship should be supplemented
by a pure and useful life in the world.
Men and women should marry. Asceti-
cism is discouraged. Monogamy is
taught. Harshness and hatred are to
be overcome by gentleness and love.
Man should not use intoxicants as a
beverage. Opium and kindred drug
habits are denounced as is also gambling.
BAHA forbade mendicity, slav-
ery, cruelty to animals and many other
abuses which our Western civilization has
already remedied, so it is hardly neces-
sary here to mention them. The follow-
ing of these ordinances is already pro-
ducing its good effect in the many Bahai
centers throughout the world, and good
fruits are coming therefrom.
MASI-IREQ 
Prayer supplemented by a pure and
useful life in this world form the ele-
ments of true Worship. Faith without
works is not acceptab-le. Every man
should have an occupation which con-
duces to the welfare of humanity, the
diligent pursuance of which is in itself
an act of worship.
In this Cause there is no priesthood
nor clergy. Each soul approaches God
in prayer without sacred rite nor cere-
mony. Temples open to all people of
all religions are to be provided for read-
ing, meditation and prayer. These are
to be surrounded by hospices, hospitals,
asylums, schools, universities, etc., the
whole group of' buildings to be- known
as a "Mashreq 'Ul-Azkar," which trans-
lated from the Arabic literally means
"The dawning point of the mentions (of
God)." In these institutions is symbol-
ized both the spiritual worship and the
humanitarian service as taught by Bans

A few years ago in the city of Esh-
kabad in Russian Turkistan a Mashreq
'Ul-Azkar was built. At present the
Bahais throughout the world are uniting
in the work of building the first Mashreq
'Ul-Azkar in America, which is to be
erected upon the shore of Lake Michigan
near the city of Chicago.
Of the Mashreq 'UI-Azkar to be built
in Chicago, Abdul-Baha has spoken as
follows:
"Now the day has arrived in which
the edifice of God, the divine sanctuary,
the spiritual temple, shall be erected in
America.
"The accessories of the Mashreq 'Ul-
Azkar are numerous. Among them are
the school for orphans, the great college
for the higher arts, hospital, home for
the cripples and hospice. The doors of
these places are to be opened to all sects
differentiations. When these acces-
sories are completed, and, by God's help
and aid, the departments fully system-
atized, it will be proved that the Mash-
req 'Ul-Azkar is to human society a
great bounty and a great blessing.
"In brief, through the unlimited
bounties of God, I am hopeful that the
beloved ones of God in America may be
aided and confirmed in founding this
mighty and solid foundation and gradu-
ally annex thereto its accessories.
"When these institutions, college, hos-
pital, hospice and establishments for the
incurables, university for the study of
higher sciences and giving post-graduate
courses, and other philanthropic build-
ings are built, its doors will be opened
to all the nations and religions. There
will be absolutely no line of demarca-
tion drawn. Its charities will be dis-
pensed irrespective of color or race. Its
gates will be flung wide open to man-
kind; prejudice toward no-ne, love for
all. The central building will be devoted
to the purpose of prayer and worship.
Thus, for the first time, religion will
become harmonized with science, and

