in order that the divine foundation
might be established. But in a short
time the real foundation was lost, and
imitations appeared. And because those
imitations are different therefore they
became the cause of discord and strife
among mankind. For this reason Strife
and War appeared.
But the prophets are entirely Without
knowledge of these imitations; nay
rather, they repudiate them, for the di-
vine prophets were the founders of real-
lty.
Now if the nations of the World for-
sake imitations and investigate reality
they will become united and agreed.
Reality is one. Reality does not admit
multiplicity. And reality is the light of
unity and the foundation of the oneness
of the world of humanity. But imita-
tions are the cause of the separation of
mankind and are conducive to war and
strife. All the religions that you know
today are products of the imitation of
fathers and grandfathers. A person
whose father was a cw, he is a Jew, too.
If his father was a Christian he, too, is
a Christian. If his father was a Bud-
dhist he is a Buddhist. If his father was
a Zoroastrian, he is a Zoroastrian also.
All these sons imitate their fathers. They
never investigate reality; and because
they do not investigate reality they are
ruled by imitation. These imitations be-
came the cause of the world of human-
ity being entirely corrupted. And until
imitations pass away unity and harmony
will not be realized. Until these imita-
tions are effaced the happiness and com-
fort of the World of humanity will not
be realized. Therefore the reality of the
divine religions must be renewed.
Every religion was at one time in the
state of a seed. It sprouted; it formed
branches and leaves; it b-lomomed and
bore fruits. Then that tree became old.
The leaves fell away. The tree lost its
fruits; nay, rather, it decayed. Then to
hold on to it is useless. Therefore We
must plant new seed once more for the
foundation of divine religions is one.
Should mankind relinquish these imita-
tions all the nations and religions will
be united. All will be kind to one an-
other. There will remain no strife nor
quarreling, for all are the servants of
one God. God is kind to all. God is the
provider for all. God is the reviver of
all. God is the giver to all. As His Holi-
ness Christ says, the sun of Divinity
shines upon the evil and the good. That
is to say, the mercy of God is universal.
All humanity are under the shadow of
the bounty of Truth. And all creation
is submerged in the sea of the bestowals
of God. The outpouring and the bounty
of God are all encircling. Therefore to-
day the path of progress is being pre-
pared.
There are two kinds of progress. First
the physical; second the spiritual. Phys-
ical progress is the cause of the comforts
of life. B-ut spiritual progress is the
cause of the glory of the World of
humanity for it serves the world of
morality. Physical civilization is the
cause of happiness. But divine
civilization is the cause of the everlast-
ing glory of mankind. The divine
prophets have established spiritual civil-
ization. They have rendered service to
the World of morals. They have estab-
lished spiritual brotherhood.
Now brotherhood is of several kinds.
There is brotherhood in the family.
There is national brotherhood. There is
racial brotherhood. There is moral broth-
erhood. There is brotherhood of lan-
guage. But these kinds of brotherhood
do not uproot and destroy strife and
war among mankind.
But spiritual brotherhood which
emanates from the Holy Spirit causes a
perfect bond of union among mankind.
It uproots and destroys completely the
foundations of war. It makes different
nations one nation. It makes the many
countries one country because it estab-
lishes the oneness of the World of hu-
manity, and promotes universal peace.
Therefore we must become acquainted
with the foundations of divine religions,
100

