the most part takes this very attitude
toward religion. For the founders of
all religions have indicated the elements
and principles for the development of
spirituality, and the people of science
deny the essence of spirituality while
refusing to enter the laboratory of in-
finity in their own souls.
As a matter of fact, While irrational
religion and materialistic science $66111
outwardly opposed, inwardly they are
equally conditions of being that mani-
fest the absence of the Holy Spirit.
Both are plants confined in darkness,
and both are ships deprived of sails.
Where the Holy Spirit obtains, the
very words "science" and "religion"
are left behind, for there is but one
Reality, though this can be cognized by
the several faculties on the several
planes.
Abdul Baha has also expressed as an
organic, universal principle the egimlity
of me/n. and women. Now man and
woman are the dual, >>inter~acting forces
produced from the one unity, life, which
still controls their duality so that it
cannot ever quite become separateness.
Physical separateness only the more
closely binds the bodies of imagination
and desire. Man in nature realizes him-
self by contrast with woman, and woman
in nature realizes herself by contrast
with man. Thus any extreme develop-
ment in one produces an extreme devel-
opment in the other, so that an equi-
librium of thought and emotion is
always maintained. The combative type
of man tends to produce the dependent,
undeveloped woman, and the dependent,
undeveloped woman tends to produce
the combative type of man. In the same
manner, the materialistic business man
tends to produce the woman parasite,
and the reverse is also true. For man
in nature sees himself by reflection in
woman, and woman in nature sees her-
self by reflection in man. Thus any
imperfection in one is conveyed to the
other, whence it returns augmented, and
so on without end. Only the power of
the Holy Spirit can create the one per-
fectmirror of reality for these imper-
fect images of being; for the Holy Spirit
turns Will and desire upward to a body
of consciousness where sex does not
exist. In this age, as the spiritual
reality becomes more and more evident,
the negative and disastrous influences
will
and the aim of desire--steadily dimin-
ishes; and this is the cause of the free-
dom of women in this age. Were we
conscious of the inner significances of
being, we should behold in the freedom
of women one of the most obvious evi-
dences of the presence of the Holy Spirit
in human affairs, and an evidence of in-
estimable importance. Without the true
freedom of woman there can be no end
of war and ignorance and disease, for
only by the freedom of woman can man
likewise become free.
Another principle laid down by Abdul
Baha is that of the solution of the eco-
nomic problem. The solution of the
economic problem Abdul Baha has de-
clared to be a distinctive characteristic
of religion in its universal aspect; for
no human power or alliance of powers
hitherto has been able to work a solution.
Now by the fear that lies in poverty,
either actual or prospective, the human
soul is ever turned downward into na-
ture, where the predominant law is the
struggle for existence; and becoming
imbued with this law, and captive to it,
the soul's struggles only the more heav-
ily burdens its own chains. For the
struggle for existence sets off the powers
of one soul against the powers of an-
other, and this mutual division of pow-
ers is mutual defeat. Thus in this day
the sciences and inventions which
shadow forth a universal order, and
dumbly signify the existence of a reality
whose -law is cooperation, through per-
version have become the greatest menace
to the very existence of mankind.
"The disease which afllicts the body
politic is lack of love and absence of
altruism," said Abdul Baha in New
167

