ONE OF HEROES
ENABE Ayadi, Ebn Abhar, belonged
to a noble family in Zinjan, Persia.
He was appointed by Baha'Ullah as one
of the "Four Hands of the Cause," in the
days of persecution in the middle of the
last century, and he "was the recipient of
love and honor from all." His life was
full of service. Seven times imprisoned
by the enemies of the Cause, "he was ab-
solutely fearless," writes one of the friends
from Persia, "and when persecution arose,
as in the of Yezd he individ-
ually would carry petitions to the Cabinet
l\/linisters and persons in authority. One
vivid recollection is of seeing him speed-
ing across the public square on such an
errand. Another recollection is that of
seeing him, when totally blind, sitting up
in his bed on the foot of which squatting
in Oriental fashion was an aged Seyid who
had come from far away seeking Ebn
Abhar to teach him the Bahai truths. This
man was a stranger to Teheran; he had
heard of the Bahai school called Tarbiat;
he searched the city until he found the
school and then was directed to the house
of Abhar.
"During the last months of Ebn Ab-
har's life, in spite of his suffering he Was
busy teaching and counseling the friends.
\Vhen relating fragments of his expe-
riences he seemed inspired, always refer-
ring to his successive imprisonments and
heavy chains with smiles and laughter."
He passed into the unseen world in Feb-
ruary, 1919.
Ebn Abhar dictated the following auto-
biographical sketch to his nephew, Fakr
ed Din. It was translated by his nephew,
Zia ed Din Monadi, and Amat ol-a'Alla
and was transcribed for the Star of the
est, in Teheran, Persia, September,
1922.
THE STORY OF EBN ABHAR
A command came for me to leave Ab-
har and go to Zinjan to teach the
Ezelis. My uncle, Abdul Azeem, and
two other very prominent men, Mirza
Abdul Baghi and Hadji Mullah Rhamat-
ollah went with me. We rented a house
to live in and during the day visited the
Mullahs, the Governor, and well-known,
educated people. Many proofs were
given to convince the Ezelis. At night,
while the others slept I would go to the
house of a believer. When the meeting
was over a servant would cautiously open
the door and I would return home. Dur-
ing four months of strenuous work all
but two of the Ezelis became well inform-
ed and many intelligent and honorable
people turned their faces toward the
Cause. The fire of the love of God flamed
in the hearts of the friends and all re-
ceived boundless favors from the King-
dom of Abha.
Upon returning to Abhar we learned
that through the flaming of the Vi7ord the
friends had been attracted to the Cause
in an extraordinary degree; however, as
a precaution, no one had dared to gather
together the attracted ones. This was
done and they became very happy.
Shortly after this the enemies began to
cry out: religion! faith! The Holy
Laws are passing away!" and they per-
suaded Prince Rokneh ed Dowleh, broth-
er of Nassr ed Din Shah, who had been
my friend, to arrest, imprison and put in
chains some of the believers.
It is_written in the Koran, the
devils incite one another." l\/lirza Abol
Taleb, son of Mirza Abol Gasem, who
during the early days of the Cause insti-
gated the first persecution and bloodshed
in _Zin] an now began writing to my cousin,
Mirza Abol atoo, entitled Imam ]omai,
who was one of my bitterest enemies.
333

