fragrances of His sanctity and to ele-
vate His Word with such rising that the
pillars of polyt-heism will totter, the
hearts heedless to the Lord of Lords
will tremble, the centers of knowledge
will be uplifted, the standards of assur-
ance Will be spread" abroad, the banners
of explanation will Wave and the sails
of life Will be hoisted in the ark of
safety on the sea of creation.
ABDUL BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi.
MEDITATION AND ITS EFFECT
UPON CONDUCT
By MARY HANFORD Form
THE human being is a creature who
is ordinarily governed by impulses
Which rise Within him comparatively un-
watched and unguarded. If he feels
happy or melancholy, angry or patient,
his action reflects the conditions of his
being, and if one reproach him for
faults which might disappear with a
little self-control he is apt to reply-
"Well, I am made that Way, and I can 't
help it."
He is only conscious of the physical
impulse Which prompts a certain nerv-
ous expression and he has not yet
learned that there are tWo of him and
that if he Would become acquainted With
his greater self, the soul or reality, life
might be very different, and the dis-
agreeable elements of his temperamental
man could easily disappear.
There is a Wave of study
passing over the World which has many
excellent results and which is causing
many persons Who never gave much
thought previously to the existence of
the "inner man" to perceive something
of this interesting individual, Who pres-
ently becomes vastly more important as
an element of personality than is indi-
cated by that mysterious and baffling
term, "the subconscious." The sub-
conscious is in fact the true self, the
soul, or as Abdul Baha often calls it,
the reality.
There is no part of his Wonderful
teaching which is more clear and con-
vincing than that relating to the soul
in its contact With life, the body, and
God. As We follow it We realize that
the soul is the avenue through which
We know God and receive the Holy
Spirit, that it is always a distinct entity
becoming more luminous and powerful
as we turn to God and control the ani-
mal man in us. It often surrounds us
like an aureole in our earlier stages of
development, but as We progress, and
reflect its light, it leaves us free even in
our Waking hours and carries on its own
activity. The subconscious, in other
Words, is the true thinker and revealer
in us, through Whom Words become real
prayer, and impulse becomes intuition
and veritable guidance.
But how is this possible? ask
anxiously, and Abdul Baha's reply is,
through prayer, meditation and deeds,
because Without the deeds Which express
the results of meditation and prayer
these remain only delightful experiences
of the soul, and do not transform life.
Abdul Baha says in the great address
on meditation in the Paris Talks--thc
one who cannot meditate is still in the
animal kingdom!
Many persons are not aware of the
difference bet-Ween concentration and
meditation, which is very positive.
Through concentration We enter the
or mental World, We hypnotize,
We develop the personal Will. But in
meditation We enter the Abha kingdom
by temporarily eliminating the personal
Will. I11 this state We penetrate the con-
sciousness of the reality, and can receive
the divine commands through the Holy
109

