STAR OF THE WEST 21
the fountain of Tagut (satan, or a11y object worshipped except God), and the
soothsayers. 
Again He says: "Say, 0 my friend and my pure ones! Listen to the
voice of this beloved prisoner in this Great Prison. If you detect in any man
the least perceptible b-reath of violation, shun him and keep away from him."
Then He says: "Verily, they are manifestations of satan." In another Tablet
He says: "And turn your faces to the Great Countenance for before long the
foul odors of the wicked persons will pass over those regions. God willing you
may remain protected during those days."
In the 18th ch.apter of the Gospel of Matthew, 6th to 9th verses, His Holi-
ness Christ says: "But whoso shall offend one of these little ones which believe
in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his 11eck and
that he were drowned in the depth of the sea. Woe unto the world because of
offenses! for it must needs be that offenses come; but woe to that man by whom
the offense cometh! Wherefore if thy hand or thy foot offend thee, cut them
off, and cast them from thee; it is better for thee to enter into life halt or
maimed, rather than having two hands or two feet, to be cast into everlasting
fire. And if thine offend thee, pluck it out and cast it from thee."
And in the 21st chapter and 88th verse of the Gospel of Matthew He says:
"But -when the husbandmen saw the son, they said among themselves, This is
the heir; come, let us kill him, and let us seize on his inheritance. And they
caught him, and cast him out of the vineyard, and slew him." Also in the 22nd
chapter and the 14th verse of the Gospel of Matthew says: "For many are
called, but few are chosen."
In the holy writings of His Holiness BAHA in a thousand places
at least, the violators of the Covenant are execrated and condemned. Some of
the heavenly passages will be mentioned.
In short, all the friends in America know that the founders of this sedi-
tion, namely, violators of the Covenant, are people whose aims are known to all
the friends. Yet, glorious God, they are deceived by them!
Praise be to God, you know with perfect clearness that His Holiness Christ
was extremely kind and loving, yet there were people like Judas Iscariot who,
by their own deeds, separated themselves from Christ. Therefore, what fault
of Christ 's could that be"! Now the Nakazene (violators) say that Abdul-Baha
is despotic, drives some people out and excommunicates like the Pope. This is
not so at all! Any person who has left (the Cause) did so because of his own
actions, intrigues and evil Plots. If this objection be raised against Abdul~
Baha, they must also object to the Blessed Beauty who, with distinct and con-
clusive command, forbids the friends from companionship and familiarity with
the violators of the people of Began.

Lord of the Covenant! luminous Star of the world! The persecuted
Abdul-Baha has fallen into the hands of persons who appear as sheep and in
reality are ferocious wolves they exercise every sort of oppression, endeavor to
destroy the foundation of the Covenant, and claim to be Bahais. They strike
at the root of the Tree of the Covenant, and count themselves persecuted, just
as did the people of Beg/an who broke the Covenant of His Holiness the Bab,
and from six directions shot arrows of reproach and calumny at Thy blessed
body. Notwithstanding this great oppression they call themselves oppressed.
Now this servant of Thy threshold has also fallen into the hands of oppressors.

