52 STAR OF THE WEST
After the spirituals, the formal open-
ing was made by the chairman of the
evening, Rev. A. L. Bouldin, who
voiced the need of economic equality,
and introduced the Rev. G. R. Waller,
who led in the invocation, asking divine
blessing upon the World and unification
of the nations and peoples.
The first speaker, Mayor E. F. Leon-
ard of Springfield, spoke most impres-
sively and feelingly of the blot, on Amer-
ica's escutcheon, of lawlessness, dissen-
sion and riotous outbreaks. He called
on true men to rally to the banner of
the oneness of humanity and announced
his denunciation of the ill treatment of
the black man in America and pledged
his aid to the remedy of the same. He
said: think every man and Woman,
white or black, desires to bring about
better relations between the White and
black people. In Springfield I know
that good feeling exists between them.
From the remotest times there has been
hatred and prejudice between races and
the feeling is a relic of barbarism. We
are all members of one great . family,
and there are no superior races. Presi-
dent Harding expressed the same senti-
ment when he said, 'The negro must be
educated and have economic justice.' It
is foolhardy to raise race prejudice when
it was shown in the war that we needed
every man of whatever sort. As mayor
of a great city in which I know the
hearts of thepeople are right, I protest
against the murder and of the
negroes in the South, and it is revolting
to me as a Christian and a citizen."
After the mayor 's addrem, the state
senator, Mr. Chamberlain, was to have
spoken. The acquirement of a heavy
cold, however, forced him to send his
message by letter with a note of regret.
His message was a forceful plea for
economic justice for the negro and equal
opportunity in economic affairs.
Mrs. Sarah Bronson, an accomplished
singer, gave two musical numbers that
were exquisite and appealing.
There was another element introduced
in the person of Rabbi Price of the
modern Jewish faith. This illumined
soul most dramatically and convincingly
demonstrated that prejudice of any kind
should not exist in America by showing
how prejudice is fostered in other coun-
tries. His comparisons were vivid and
truthful and moved all to- frequent ap-
plause. Rabbi Price wanted to know
where he came in, for the Jew is gen-
erally considered neither white nor
black, and he said that the colored peo-
ple had a big task to bring about equal-
ity for the Jews. He declared, "No
question more vital to the safety of
America can be discussed. There is no
justification for race prejudice. It
arises from the traditional distrust of
the stranger. In America there should
not be religious prejudice, since there
is not a union between the church and
the state. There should be no distinc-
tion between man and man in America
Where all are subject to the law and to
taxes. It is foolish that any political
prejudice should exist in America where
We have no reason to fear other nations.
No reason exists for prejudice of any
sort in America."
Rev. W. N. DeBerry--an illumined
soul who for many years has known,
studied and accepted the Great Message,
received the light through Louis G.
Gregory many years ago and has always
been a staunch friend and supporter of
the Cause--~spoke powerfully on the need
for a better understanding. He outlined
the pathway through which it could be
attained: sympathy for defects of others,
patience in not expecting a hasty solu-
tion, faith in the Great Seer to see the
problem as a that Abdul
Baha was such an one. All that he said
was Warmly received and long ap-
plauded.
A delightful instrumental solo on the
piano was rendered by Miss Hazel Far-
rar, a coming concert artist.
The chairman introduced Mr. W. H.
Randall, who spoke with great power
and attraction on the contributing ele-

