316 STAR OF THE WEST
special plan by which each one can take one or more subscriptions, one or more to
give away and one to come as a bound volume at the end of the year as arranged
in our new subscription ofi"ers. The current volume, bound in three fourths leather,
will be ready March 10th. To renew subscriptions is also a wonderful
Way to help our very busy business manager and her assistant, Mrs. Elizabeth
Herlitz, who are giving all their time, freely, to our Star of the Wert that it may
circulate more widely and may fulfil the bright destiny which Abdul Baha and
Shoghi Effendi have ordained for this happy-starred messenger of world-unity.
We have also planned a new method of securing, on time payments, the library
of heavenly teachings, the bound volumes of the Star of the err. This new plan
for securing this wonderful library is described on the back cover of this issue.
OUR NEW SUBSCRIPTION OFFERS
Five months' subscription to a new subscriber, $1.00. Two subscriptions to
one address, $5.00. Ten subscriptions to one address, $22.00 (in America). Two
subscriptions, one to come each month, one to be sent in a bound volume at the
end of the year, $5.50 for the two subscriptions, bound volume in cloth; $5.75
for the two subscriptions, bound volume in leather; postage for bound volume
additional. Single copies 25 cents each, or ten copies to one address, $2.00.
SPECIAL ISSUES OF THE STAR OF THE WEST
The Life of Baha'Ullah Vol. 8, No. 11
The Ascension of Abdul Baha Vol. 12, No. 17
The Spirit of Abdul Baha Vol. 13, No. 6 and 7
The Real Meaning of Christ's Return Vol. 13, No. 6
Abdul Baha's Wonderful Proof of God's Existence-
Tablet to Prof. orel Vol. 13, No. 8
A Series of Compilations of Abdul Baha's Words on:
Prayer--Its Spiritual Laws Vol. 8, No. 4-
Faith, Severance, Sacrifice Vol. 8,No. 6
Tests and Spiritual Discipline Vol. 8,No.19
Physical and Spiritual Healing Vol. 8,No.18
The Meaning of the Covenant Vol. 8, No. 16 and 17
What is New in the Bahai Teachings Vol. 8, No. 5
The Secret of Happiness Vol. I3, No. 5
Evolution in Religion Vol. 13,No. 5
The Solution of the Economic Problem Vol. 8,No. 15 and
Vol. 13, No. 8
"The world is waiting, as some one puts it," writes Glenn Frank,
Editor of The Century Magazine, "for the religious leader who can
talk economics so that men will feel in the presence of God." That
leader is Abdul Baha.
Single copies, 25 cents--Bahai News Service, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Illinois.

