THE ASCENSION
Chalice that brimmeth over with faith-
fulness to Thee and is filled with Thy
bountiful Grace; so that, fallen upon
the dust, I may sink prostrate and sense-
less Whilst my vesture is dyed crimson
with my blood. This is my Wish, my
heart's desire, my hope, my pride, my
glory. Grant, Lord, my God and my
Refuge, that in my last hour, my end
may even as musk shed its fragrance of
glory! I call Thee to witness that no
day passeth but that I quaff my fill
from this cup, so grievous are the
misdeeds Wrought by them that have
broken the Covenant, kindled discord,
showed their malice, stirred up sedition
in the land and dishonoured Thee
amidst Thy servants. Lord, shield
Thou from these Covenant-breakers
the mighty stronghold of Thy Faith
and protect Thy secret Sanctuary from
the onslaught of the ungodly.
"Thou art in truth, the Mighty, the
Powerful, the Gracious, the Strong.
"Lord! Thou seest all things weep-
ing me, and my kindred rejoicing in my
woes. By Thy glory, my God! Even
amongst my enemies, some have la-
mented my troubles and my distress, and
of the envious ones a number have shed
tears because of my cares, my exile and
my afflictions. They did this because they
found naught in me but affection and
care, and witnessed naught but kindli-
ness and mercy. As they saw me swept
into the flood of tribulation and adver-
sity, and exposed even as a target to the
arrows of fate, their hearts were moved
with compassion, tears came to their
eyes and they testified, declaring: 'The
Lord is our witness; naught have we
seen in him but faithfulness, generosity
and extreme compassion.' The Cove-
nant-breakers, foreboders of evil, waxed
fiercer in their rancour, rejoiced as I
fell victim to the most grievous ordeal,
bestirred themselves against me, and
made merry over the heart-rending hap-
penings around me.
"Lord! My cup of woe runneth over,
and from all sides blows are fiercely
raging upon me. The darts of affliction
have compassed me round and the ar-
rows of distress have rained upon me.
Thus tribulation overwhelmed me, and
OF ABDUL BAHA 235
my strength, because of the onslaught of
the foeman, became weakness within me,
whilst I stood alone and forsaken in the
midst of my woes. Lord, have mercy
upon me, lift me up unto Thyself and
make me to drink from the chalice of
for the wide world with all
its vastness can no longer contain me.
Thou art verily the Merciful, the Com-
passionate, the Gracious, the All-Boun-
tiful."
He prays for the protection of his
friends:
Lord, my God! Assist Thy loved
ones to be firm in Thy Faith, to walk in
Thy Ways, to be steadfast in Thy Cause.
Give them Thy grace to withstand the
onslaught of self and passion, to follow
the light of Divine Guidance. Thou art
the Powerful, the Gracious, the Self-
Subsisting, the Bestower, the Compas-
sionate, the Almighty, the All-Boun-
tiful."
For his enemies this is his prayer:
call upon Thee, Lord, my God!
with my tongue and with all my heart,
not to requite them for their cruelty and
their wrong deeds, their craft and their
mischief, for they are foolish and ig-
noble, and know not what they do. They
discern not good from evil, neither do
they distinguish right from wrong, nor
justice from injustice. They follow their
own desires and walk in the footsteps of
the most imperfect and foolish amongst
them. my Lord! have mercy upon
them, shield them from all afflictions in
these troubled times, and grant that all
trials and hardships may be the lot of
this, Thy. servant, that has fallen into
this darksome pit. Single me out for
every woe and make me a sacrifice for
all Thy loved ones! Lord, Most High!
May my soul, my life, my being, my
spirit, my all be offered up for them!
God, my God! Lowly, suppliant and
fallen upon my face, I beseech _Thee,
with all the ardour of my invocatlon to
pardon whomsoever hath hurt me, to
forgive him that hath conspired against
me and offended me and to wash away
the misdeeds of them that have wrought
injustice upon me. Vouchsafe unto them
Thy goodly gifts; give them joy, relieve

