 HE SPIRIT OF THE CENTURY
MOSLEMS AND CHRISTIANS AT
THE GATE OF EUROPE
I thirteen centuries two great divi-
sions of the human race, two vast
armies, the children of the one God,
Christians and l\/Ioslems, have struggled
for the control of Europe, Africa and
Asia. The l\/Ioslems have conquered most
of Africa and a large part of Asia; the
Christians have held the better part of
Europe and part of Asia. Mohamme-
danism is today the most rapidly grow-
ing religion in the World. In the last
hundred years it has Won fifty million
converts in Africa and many millions in
India and China. Today Moslems and
Christians continue the struggle for the
mastery of the world.
But neither religion can now convert
the other to its creeds. The experience of
recent centuries has proved such conver-
sion to be impossible. The only solution
of the centuries of conflict is for Chris-
tians and Moslems to understand, appre-
ciate and love each other and to unite
in one universal brotherhood as the chil-
dren of the One Universal God.
When he spoke in the Central Congre-
gational Church in 1912 in New York
City Abdul Baha said: "All Islam con-
siders the Koran the Word of God. In
this Koran are explicit texts which are
not traditional. The Koran, the Moham-
medan bible, contains explicit texts that
His Holiness Christ was the Word of God,
that he Was the Spirit of God, that Jesus
Christ came into the world through the
resuscitation of the Holy Spirit, that his
birth was through the Holy Spirit and
that Her Grace Mary was holy and sanc-
tified."
"Marvelous to relate when His Holi-
ness Mohammed proclaimed his work and
mission, his first objection to his own peo-
ple was this: 'Why have you not be-
lieved on Jesus Christ? Why have you
not accepted the Gospel? Why have you
not believed in 
A new appreciation of Islam is appear-
ing in our western world. Hendrik Van
Loon, and H. G. Wells, in their delight-
ful and popular histories describe the
splendor of Mohammedan civilization and
Europe's debt to Saracen science, culture
and learning. They realize the glory of
the fruits of the tree of Islam, but seem to
forget that, as ]esus said, we know the
tree by its fruits. A bad, tree cannot bear
good fruits. The tree of Islam Was Mo-
hammed's life and teachings; the fruits
the Moslem saints and heroes, the Sara-
cen civilization Which was for five or six
centuries the brightest in the world. Such
fruits prove the tree to be of divine plant-
mg.
Professor T. W. Arnold of London
University in his remarkable book, The
Preac/zing of Islam has pointed the Way
to a real understanding of Mohammed
and the saints and heroes. Car-
lyle over fifty years ago opened the door
to a true appreciation of Mohammed in
his and Hero Worship. Sir Ed-
win Arnold, in 1882, in his introduction
to his beautiful poems, Pearls of Faith
or Islam': Rosary, wrote: "The soul of
Islam is its declaration of the unity of
God: its heart is the inculcation of an ab-
solute resignation to His will. Not more
sublime, therefore, in religious history ap-
pears the figure of Paul the tent-maker,
proclaiming the 'Unknown God' at Ath-
ens, than that of the camel-driver Mu-
hammad, son of Abdallah and Aminah,
abolishing all the idols of the Arabian
Pantheon, except their chief--Allah Ta'-
Alah, 'God the Most under
that ancient and well-received appellation
establishing the oneness of the origin, gov-
ernment an_d life of the universe. There-
by that marvelous and gifted Teacher
created a vast empire of new belief and
274-

