Question: "Science denies imn1ortal-
ity. How does the prophet know the
contrary 
The Master said: "Science does not
know; but the Manifestation makes dis-
coveries with the power of the Spirit.
For instance: a philosopher with_induc-
tion finds out a way. But the prophet
discerns with sight. A blind man has
to find his way with a stick from point
to point; so a philosopher through ar-
guments from premises goes to conclu-
sions, and not by sight. But the Ma11i-
festations see with their inner (own
eye); they do not go from premises to
conclusions. The prophets see many
things with their inner eye. They do not
need to go by discoveries. The scientist
with induction is like a blind man who
cannot see two steps ahead of him. The
prophet sees a long distance."
Question: "Shall I find my mother
again?' 
The Master said: "Certainly. Sepa-
ration is only in the world of bodies."
Question: "Will the day come when
all mankind Will be able to discern by
sight?"
He said: "There will always be
some. Only a special number will have
this attainment. As Christ said, 'Many
are called, but few are chosen.' It will
always be so. The transformation de-
pends upon divine bounty. The mineral
progresses in its own world. But from
the mineral to the vegetable it progresses
only by divine bounty. Also transfor-
mation from the vegetable to the animal
is God's plan. Of itself the transfor-
mation cannot take place. In the realm
of men transformation is possible only
through another person.' 
Question: "When people deny reli-
gion how shall we deal with them 
Answer: "You must be tolerant and
patient, because the station of sight is
a station of bounty; it is not based 011
capacity. They must be educated."
Question: "What are the requisites
for a successful meeting"?"
Answer: "Before the meeting you
must pray and supplicate for divine
assistance. 
Question: "Shall we devote much
time to the study of philosophy?"
Answer: "Everything must be done
moderately. Excess is not desirable, Do
not go to extremes. Even in thinking
do not go to excess but be moderate. If
there is too much thinking you will be
unable to control your thoughts."
I asked the Master to assist me in the
physical sciences, in the solution of prob-
lems. He said: "You will be able to
77
solve these problems.
Addressing both of us: "You are
confirmed. Another power will help
the power of science).
Question: "Why so much evil in the
world?"
Answer: "God has created a remedy
for every disease. One must apply the
remedy. Now these patients run away
from the expert physician. They neg-
lect him. Under inexperienced physi-
cians they get worse. The words of the
religious leaders have no influence, no
effect. These physicians are more
diseased than their patients. The spirit-
ual leaders now have no faith, though
they claim to have faith in order to
secure their positions. 
Monday Afternoon at 4 0'cl0ck:
We thanked the Master for the prayer
revealed for our children. He said: It
is for your sake that I wrote it."
Question: "What is the best method
to spread this Cause?"
Answer: "Explain the teachings,
the principles of this Cause. Some of
them were revealed fifty years ago, some
sixty years ago. Fifty years ago there
was no thought of universal peace and
arbitration. No one spoke of the one-
ness of religion and science. Now many
143

