14 STAR OF THE WEST
Guardian of the Cause and Head of the
House of Justice, a body of men to be
chosen from the believers because of
their spiritual qualifications for Wisdom
and divine kno-wledge.
GROVVTH OF THE MOVEMENT.
The movement under the Bab was
practically confined to the Islamic coun-
tries. During the ministry of 
ULLAH the message was taken to various
other countries of the Orient and under
the ministration of Abdul-Baha it spread
the World around. There are not only
centers of Bahai teaching in China,
Japan, Burma, India, Persia, Turkistan,
Caucasia, .the Turkish countries and in
Egypt, but there are strong Bahai cen-
ters in Flrance, Germany, England and
throughout the United States and Can-
ada. This growth has been a compara-
tively slow but steady one. It is not
limited by religious nor racial conditions,
which is proven by the many hetero-
geneous elements Which this Cause is
assimilating and fusing into one element,
which is the world type of man.
The universal principles of Truth,
which the Bahai Movement is teaching,
are already clearly seen in the Way in
which this teaching appeals to people
of all religions, races and nationalities.
\l\Then a soul becomes touched by the
Bahai Spirit he becomes a citizen of the
world, quite freed from the limitations
of his former environment, While his
social and religious prejudices inherited
from forebears and environment are
changed i-nto a desire to do something
toward World brotherhood through tangi-
ble service to his fellovvmen. In the
Bahai meetings--notab~ly those in the
East~one sees Christians, ewe, Mos-
lems, Z0-roastrians, Hindus and Budd-
hists mingling as brothers and eating at
the same tables. It has been the Writer's
privilege to travel extensively and to
attend many such reunions. He has
spent much time in the Oriental coun-
tries and has seen the spiritual blending
of the Orient and Occident, which pro-
cess is being brought about by the love
and devotion of the Bahais, one for an-
other. These people are re-ally demon-
strating the power of divine love, for
With them it is so powerful as to over-
come all religious and racial antipath_v-
and is producing real brotherhood and
peace.
(To be continued)
The Great Convention of 1922
Chicago, A pr-it 22nd-26th
of the most important Conven-
tions in the Bahai history of Amer-
ica is to be held at the Auditorium Ho-
tel, Chicago, April 22nd-26th. It is the
first great assembling of the Mastcr's
American disciples since his ascension.
May it be like the council on the moun-
tain to-p which Abdul-Baha described
so graphically when the disciples of old
dedicated themselves to spread the
Cause of Christ throughout the World.
NOW is the hour of anew dedication, a
new severance. May it prove to be a
new descent of the Holy Spirit.
This is also the first Convention which
will see the foundations of the Mashreq
U1-Azkar, Go-d's Universal Temple, actu-
ally arising at Wilmette. This is the
first Convention to have a message from
the beloved Guardian of the Cause,
Shoghi Effendi. "Te hope it will be a
great teaching Convention and will open
a glorious epoch in spreading the Cause
of God.
At the Feast of Rizwan, at the Audi-
torium Hotel, at 6 p. Saturday,
April 22nd, the pilgrims just returned
from Haifa, Mr. Mills, Mr. 'Nilhelm,

