262 STAR OF THE WEST
tions. The first section extends from the
main floor to the first gallery, the second
section from the first gallery to the second
gallery and the third section from the
second gallery to the top of the dome.
At each of the balcony levels there are
large Windows, partially screened by
tracery, which would give ample light in
day time and which will stand out in
great brilliance when the structure is
lighted at night.
The extreme height of the structure
from the first floor to the pinnacle of the
dome is 161 feet.
The height of the first gallery above
the main floor is 36 feet and the distance
from the first gallery to the second gallery
is 45 feet.
The distance from the second gallery to
the base of the dome is 19 feet.
The height of the dome proper, leaving
out of account the projecting ribs, is 49
feet.
The minarets guarding the first story
of the structure rise to a height of 45 feet
above the first floor.
The extreme diameter of the basement
is 202 feet.
The diameter at the top of the steps is
152 feet.
The central portion of the building is
a single space extending from the main
floor up to the inner shell of the dome.
Around this are nine rooms extending to
the outer wall of the first section. One
of these rooms or spaces is assigned to
stairway. The others are for use as en-
closed rooms. In the basement the cen-
tral portion is a single room with a domed
ceiling having a height of approximately
25 feet from the floor to the crown. Out-
side of this central area, the space can be
divided according to the uses to be made
of it and this has not been quite fully
developed. In general, however, the
space under the steps will be used for
the installation of the mechanical appar-
atus such as the electrical switch board
room, the heating coils and fans for the
heating and ventilation system, for
plumbing and temporarily for heating
plant. The remainder of the space under
the steps will be suitable for storage. It
is the intention of the architect to pre-
serve in this space all of the models which
are required for molding the exterior of
the building. The remainder of the base-
ment space will be sub-divided for such
uses as may be required.
There are a number of interesting
structural features in connection with
this building. The designer, in attacking
a structure of this kind, usually begins at
the top and works downward. The
crowning feature of the building is, of
course, the dome. The masonry of this
dome is to be perforated for the purpose
of admitting light from the outside dur-
ing the daytime and for the purpose of
throwing out light at night. The mason-
ry is, therefore, only a screen or tracery
and not a roof. The area of the perfora-
tions is about thirty percent of the area
of the surface. While this masonry could
be made self-supporting, it was not con-
sidered expedient to do so, so it is sup-
ported by a steel framework. This frame-
work consists of a series of ribs, spaced
about nine feet apart at the base and
coming together at the top with a suit-
able bracing between the ribs.
This metal skeleton then forms the
base for the masonry screen above it.
The roof will be made of glass inside of
and entirely free from the masonry dome.
This will be a difiicult piece of work to
construct on account of its shape. It will
have to be a wire glass set in metal
frames. Some of the frames need to be
hinged so that they can be opened for
ventilation and for cleaning, more par-
ticularly for the latter purpose. Lower
down comes the inner dome or ceiling.
This has an independent steel framework
made of arched ribs with the bracing be-
tween, similar to the framework of the
outer dome. This will support the inner
envelope of glass. This inner glass may
be in the form of mosaics or ornament.
The weight of the dome is supported at
nine points. At each of these points is
a group of four columns extending from
the base of the dome down to the
foundations.
Following the structure downward,
these columns gradually accumulate the
weight of the dome and the floors until
in the lowest section they carry a very
considerable burden amounting to about
one and one half million pounds at each
of the nine points.

