forget these imitations, spread and prac-
tice whatever proves to be the reality of
the divine teachings so that among man-
kind a universal spiritual brotherhood
may be established. And this cannot be
save through the power of the Holy
Spirit. The happiness of the earth-
World lies in the Holy Spirit. The
glory of heaven is in the Holy Spirit.
And all the degrees of receptivity
to the Eternal depend upon the
Holy Spirit. The declaration of uni-
versal peace, the oneness of the world
of humanity all depend upon the Holy
Spirit. By this power of the Holy Spirit
the century is illumined, progress and
prosperity are obtained, all mankind are
united, all the countries b-ecome one
country, all nations one nation. For
the human world there is no higher at-
tribute than this. Thanks be to God
that in this century sciences have prog-
ressed, arts have progressed, liberty has
progressed, justice has progressed.
Therefore it has become worthy of these
divine bounties. It is the century of the
establishment of universal peace and the
oneness of the World of humanity.
HAPPINESS FROM THE BAHAI VIEWPOINT
BY M-ARTHA Roor.
(Reprinted by permission from the June issue of the R01/croft magazine.)
THE BAHAI Cause now encircling
the world is a movement for unity
of religions, universal peace and a uni-
versal language. Its founders, the Bab,
Baha 'Ullah and Abdul Baha have
brought to humanity a message which
transforms for its followers this earth
world into a spiritual Rose-Garden.
To present to you some of their
thoughts on happiness is the purpose of
this compilation of quotations. Asked
the ultimate goal of a human life Abdul
Baha replied that it assuredly was not
to eat, nor to sleep, nor to dress, nor to
repose on the couch of negligence.
Rather it is to find one's way to eter-
nity and understand the divine signs;
to receive wisdom from the Lord of
Lords and to move steadily forward like
a great sea.
Speaking with a group of friends he
said: "To see the joy of divine gladness
on your faces is the cause of my hap-
piness for when I see you happy, I am
happy also-. The divine messengers come
to bring joy to this earth, for this is the
planet of tribulation and torment and
the mission of the great masters is to
turn men away from these anxieties and
to infuse life with infinite joy.
"When the divine message is under-
stood all troubles Will vanish. Shadows
disappear when the universal lamp is
lighted, for whosoever becomes illu-
mined thereby no longer knows grief.
He realizes that his stay on this planet
is temporary and that life is eternal.
When once he has found reality he will
no longer retreat into darkness.
"Reflect 011 the tribulations the divine
messengers endure in each age--exile,
prison, the cross, decapitation; yet they
ever remain tranquil.
"Behold the apostles of Christ! They
had many trials. The friends of Baha
'Ullah in Persia have undergone un-
speakable calamities. Their possessions
were seized and destroyed, their chil-
dren captured, their lives sacrificed; yet
at the hour of they danced
with joy, for they were completely de-
tached from the life of this world. Trials
have never prevented men from know-
ing the happiness of the beyond. Nay,
rather, this is the path."
101

