invisible to the visible plane. This
also is rending asunder the laws of
nature.
In short, that inner power in man
which is invisible wrests the sword from
out the hand of nature and strikes it
upon its head. All other beings, even
those which are the greatest are deprived
of these perfections. Man has the power
of will and understanding; but nature is
deprived thereof. Nature is coerced;
man is free. Nature does not under-
stand; man comprehends. Nature is
unaware of past events; man is made
aware. Nature is ignorant of future
happenings; man through his discerning
power is informed. Nature has no con-
sciousness of itself; man knows all
things.
Should anyone, then, declare that man
is but la part of the world of nature and
that, since he embodies all these perfec-
tions which are a manifestation of the
world of nature therefore nature is the
founder of these perfections and not de-
prived of them, answering, we would
say: the part depends upon the whole.
The part cannot possess perfections of
which the whole is deprived. By nature
is meant those inherent properties and
necessary relations which emanate from
the realities of things. These realities
of beings though utterly diverse are still
most closely connected. For these diverse
realities an all-unifying potency is
needed which shall link them one with
the other. For instance, the organs,
members, parts and elements of man are
quite diverse but the all-unifying power,
which might be called the human spirit
connects them all with one another.
Thus mutual aid and cooperation are
obtained and the organs function regu-
larly and under uniform laws which
are the cause of the everlastingness of
creation. The human body however is
utterly unconscious of that all-unifying
power yet it functions regularly and
according to its will.
Concerning philosophers they are of
two kinds, some of them like Socrates,
the Wise, who was a believer in the one-
ness of God and the immortality of the
soul after death. Because his opinion
was contrary to that of the uneducated
and narrow-minded people they poi-
soned that divine sage. All divine
philosophers and men of wisdom and
understanding upon considering these
endless beings have observed that in
this great and infinite universe all
things end in the mineral kingdom, that
the outcome of the mineral kingdom is
the animal kingdom, and the outcome
of the animal kingdom the World of
man, that the consummation of this
limitless universe with all its grandeur
and glory is man, himself, who in
this World of being toils and suffers
for a time with diverse ills and pains,
and ultimately disintegrates leaving no
trace and no fruit after him. If this
were so there is no doubt but that this
infinite universe with all its perfections
would end in sham and delusion, with
no result, no fruit, no permanence and
no effect. It would be utterly without
meaning. Therefore, they (the divine
philosophers) were convinced that such
is not the case, that this great Work-
shop with all its power, its bewildering
magnificence and endless perfections can-
not come eventually to naught. There-
fore it is beyond] question that still
another life exists and just as the vegeta-
ble kingdom is unaware of the human
kingdom so we, too, know not of the
great life hereafter which follows this
life of man. However, our non-com-
prehension of that life is no proof of its
non-existence. The mineral world, for
instance, is utterly unaware of the hu-
man world and cannot comprehend it
but that lack of comprehension is no
proof of non-existence. Numerous and
conclusive proofs exist to show that this
infinite world cannot end with this
human life.
Concerning the reality of Divinity: it
is an Essence, the Single, the Indepen-
dent; that is, it is the Real Essence and
to comprehend it is impossible, for
whatsoever can be conceived by man is
a limited reality and not unlimited; is
circumscribed, not all-encircling; can be
comprehended by man and is controlled
by him. Likewise it is certain that all
human conceptions are of recent origin,
not pre-existent, have a mental existence,
not an actual one. Moreover the differ-
ence of degree as far as time is con-
cerned is an obstacle to comprehension.
198

