THE STORY OF EBN ABHAR 337
]alil Khan seized the chain and dragg-
ed me from the room while Imam ]omai
said: "Did you hear What he claimed?"
One answered: "He Wanted to make
us Babis." And they all began to curse.
My mother had turned her face toward
the point (of prayer) repeating this pray-
er, which had been revealed for her in a
Tablet: "Praise be upon Thee, Thou,
the Beloved, the Knower, and thanks be
unto Thee, Thou, the Aim of the
World!"
Her sisters, Taj Nassah and Hossney
Jan, and her daughters, Fatima and Oma
Habibeh, sent a sum of money petitioning
that the soldiers would permit me to visit
my relatives, and her son Abol Gasem,
gave surety with his life.
At first they refused, but when the sum
was increased they brought me bound
hand and foot With chains into the inner
apartment. This sight caused the women
to cry so loudly that the men who were in
the inner apartment burst into tears.
When Imam jomai heard this he said,
angrily: "Did you not hear how he de-
spised us an.d exalted his own station?
Let him go at once so that we may be
quit of his scorn."
All this time not a trace of emotion
was to be seen in my mother's face. She
did not once look toward me nor did she
cease to repeat the holy Words. The
friends led me to her that she might see
my face. She said: my dear! You
know how precious you are to me; but
the most glorified One is the Blessed Per-
fection. I dedicate you to be a sacrifice
in his Cause. Go! Be steadfast! Sacri-
fice yourself in the Cause of God and
fear no one. The Koran says: 'Do they
think that those who are killed in the path
of God are dead? Nay, they are alive in
the presence of their Lord and are sup-
ping with Him.' She did not glance my
Way nor did she embrace me in farewell
but continued to thank God and to pray.
The relatives and the others cried out:
you cruel one! God does not accept
your prayers. How hard-hearted you are
to consent to the death of such a son 
My brother then came and took me out
of the room, handing me over to the sol-
diers Who put my other foot into the
stock and, mounting me on the miserable
pony, started off. Everyone was weep-
ing, but Abhar, turning to them all, be-
lievers and non-believers said: bid
farewell to you and ask you to forgive my
failings and to beg for pardon for me at
the Threshold of Oneness for it is most
probable that I Will not return from this
journey." One of his (Abhar's) uncles,
a bitter enemy, cried out: "Go to hell so
that you can not come back, you, the
branded one among your kindred. I trust
that you will be hanged!"
About two thousand people of all class-
es formed our escort. Imam jomai or-
dered the guards to take the most public
ran through the bazaars and
passed by his house. Here his relatives
stood on the roofs to ridicule, hurl abu-
sive language and throw stones The pris-
oner asked the guards to stop the pony so
the crowd might satisfy their curiosity.
Then he cried aloud: ye people!
This day upon which I am arrested upon
the charge of being a Babi is the fourth of
Moharram. You remember that it was
upon this same day that in ancient times
they beheaded the descendents of Mo-
hammed and waved their heads on spears
before the other captives, crying: 'You
are heathen; you have left the religion of
your fathers and have abandoned the
laws of God.' 'Know, verily, that God
will curse the nation that martyred
them.' 
During this speech the people wept and
Wailed and continued so to do until we
reached Mosallah, one mile out of the
city. Mirza Jalil Khan was so overcome
that he dismounted from his horse and
ordered two of the guards to break the
stocks and release my feet. Then he,
himself, spoke to the people:
ye inhabitants of Abhar! You may
rest assured that the cause of this man is
just. He is being oppressed as was my
forefather, Imam Hossein. Do not de-
sert this family. Compare the family of
Imam ]omai with the family of Yazid.
They tried to turn me against this family
but, thank God, I was not deceived and
have not mistreated his honor."
We tarried until sunset, the believers
gradually becoming more tranquil, say-
ing: "He will have no more trouble
along the way except for the heaviness of
his chains." And this was really the case

