IOS, THE SHEPHERD BOY
Some Parables O'0'neerm'ng the Laws of the Spiritzral Life.
IOS was a shepherd boy who tended
his flocks in the valleys and on the
sloping hills of Persia. He was poor and
simple and knew no life but the care of
his sheep, but one love he had and one
great longing-it was to behold the face
of his King. He had never seen this One
of whose greatness and goodness he heard
wonderful tales, and he felt that he
would live content and die happy if he
could but once behold his face.
One day Ios heard that the King
with his retinue- would pass on the high-
road not far from his pasture. Shaken
with the intensity of his love he left
everything and stationed himself on the
road. At last the Royal Procession ap-
peared, haut boys on horseback, soldiers
and buglers glittering and gorgeous in
the sunshine.
Ios' eyes gazed past all this to the
royal equipage slowly approaching, with
flushed face and throbbing heart he
watched for the face he had Waited and
longed for all his life.
Seeing that the procession was stopped
in its progress the King enquired the
cause and was informed that a poor
shepherd boy stood in the way and
begged to see him. The King command-
ed that the boy be brought, and Ios
trembling with joy came to the side of
the carriage, and gazed long and stead-
fastly on the face he ado-red. The King
amazed at this ardent look' said "Who
art thou?" "Ios, the shepherd boy, my
King," he replied. "What dost thou
seek from me Oh my King,' he Said,
"All my life I have longed for thee. The
utmost desire of my heart has been to
behold thy face. Now I am happy and
content, I can return to my humble life
forever blest since I have beheld thee."
The King was greatly touched and
looking long and earnestly at the boy
passed on his way.
But the memory of Ios haunted 
such love he had not known. All those
who surrounded him lived by his favors
and bounty, but here was one who sought
nothing, asked nothing-who could live
and die on the memory of his face.
II.
The King 's yearning for Ios grew so
strong that at last he sent for the shep-
herd .boy and had him brought .to the
palace. Ios came with eager joy and
presented himself trembling and radiant,
before the royal presence. Then the
King was greatly pleased with Ios and
made him the guardian of his treasure
and reposed in him a high trust.
But those who had lived by the King's
favor were filled with jealousy and tried
to find some fault in Ios so that they
might destroy_ him in the eyes of the
King. They watched day and night and
soon they found a flaw. In the silence
of the night when all were sleeping they
saw Ios creep stealthily forth, wind his
way through the palace and enter a small
room far up under the roof. they
said, "He is robbing the treasury and
storing away the treasure in a. secret
place." Then they hastened With the
news to the King. That night he watched
with them and saw Ios steal away to his
secret hiding place. The King followed,
threw open the door and entered the
182

