near-by tree. In the distance a shep-
herd was playing on a pipe, and its notes
came to us softly and sweetly. It was so
exquisite that it seemed a pity to go in
and leave it, for the mere purpose of
going to sleep.
I had a nice big room, with three win-
dows, below which there was a wide
divan. Before I went off to sleep I sat
a little while in the window looking at
the soft radiance of the moonlight, and
listening to the sweetness of the shep-
herd's pipes.
I slept so Well that I did not waken
until five-thirty, which is late as people
count rising-hours here! After break-
fast Fugeta and I went i11to the Tomb
for a little while. It is very beautiful
there in the cool of the morning. Imme-
diately after that Esfendiar had the car-
riage ready for us to go to Acca. There
he drove us directly to the house which
I had visited before, in which Baha-
'Ullah had lived for fourteen 
nine of them in one room. - It has a beau-
tiful view of the sea and of Haifa in the
distance. We met several friends there,
and talked to them a few minutes, but
did not stay long. Everywhere in Acca
the friends were the personification of
hospitality, asking us to stay to lunch,
and if We would not do that, to at least
come in long enough to have some tea.
From there we walked about the town,
first going to see the old Bahai Pilgrim
House. To reach that one climbs a long
flight of steps, and comes out on a wide
balcony built about four sides of a large
square court-yard. The place is a sort
of apartment house! Opening onto the
balcony are various "houses," perhaps
six or seven on a side. It was one of
these that used to be the Pilgrim House.
Then many of the other apartments were
occupied by Bahai families. The Mas-
ter used to go to the Pilgrim House in
the morning, and all the friends from
the different houses would come and
gather about him there. It is a won-
derfully interesting old place. Up till
quite recently there have been Bahai
families there on the court, but now they
have all m'oved away. After we left the
balcony we went down onto the wharf,
from which we could see the outer wall
of the Pilgrim House which has a small
balcony on that side overlooking the sea.
We then Went through the bazaars.
They were most interesting, especially
one very old one, under a series of high
arches. In one shop we met a very old
Bahai, who had been Baha'Ullah's cook,
in the time when the friends were in the
barracks. I think that he and the
Greatest Holy Leaf are almost the only
survivors of that group. was as cor-
dial as all the friends are', and said that
he would be very unhappy if we did not
come and sit down in the shop a while,
and he would make us some tea. I was
very glad to see that old man!
From the bazaars We went to the old
house within the prison walls, where the
Master used to live, the one with the
garden in the center, with the tall date-
palm, and the long flight of steps lead-
ing up to the Master 's room. There are
houses on three sides of it, and a high
wall on the fourth side. The garden in
the center is very well kept, and a Bahai
friend of Acca who had joined us said
that the garden had been just like that
when the Master was there. And there
was the tall date-palm that I had seen in
the pictures. There are two long flights
of steps, in opposite corners of the court-
yard. In the corner directly opposite
that is another flight of steps, and at the
top of that is the door that led directly
into the Masters rooms. It is now over-
grown with a great bougonvillea vine
which shadows it completely. Appar-
ently that entrance is not now used at
all, and the vine is much in need of
trimming. We went part way up the
stairs, but the door was locked and so we
had to content ourselves with looking at
the outside of it. The rooms in that cor-
ner 'face the sea. We left the court
through a gate in a heavy fortress wall.
Outside is another wall, beyond that a
narrow opening, then another wall, and
then the sea. - The friend who was with
us pointed out the place under some
trees where the Master used to pitch his
tent, and receive visitors. It is all just
as Mr. Chase described it in "In
Galilee."
It was not far from that house until
we came to the barracks. This time we
entered it from a new entrance that has
been made recently. We crossed over
209

