Members of the Master's family re-
peatedly told us of his love for the
model of this Mashreq'ul Azkar and
that they had heard him tell the archi-
tect, Mr. Louis Bourgeois, that its de-
sign had come to him from Baha'Ullah.
In moments of overwhelming grief
that deluged our hearts while visiting
the shrines of the Bab>> and Abdul Baha,
one to whom we had turned for
so many years for guidance in the path
of God,--this sign of Abdul Baha's love
for the "Mother Mashreq'ul Azkar" as
indicated by the presence of those pic-
tures lifted our spirits and comforted
our hearts. returned to America to
work for the completion of this beauti-
ful edifice With an earnestness and self-
sacrifice that We had not realized before.
"Te long to build it now because he
loved it and commanded it to be built.
Its accomplishment will be a living,
thrilling expression of the love and fidel-
ity of the people of Baha for the great
Center of the Covenant of Baha'Ullah.
AN AMERICAN TEACHER GOES TO PER.-SIA.
A Record of Spiritual Experience.
MISS COY
WITH the passing of the beloved
Miss Lillian Kappes who had ded-
icated her life so gloriously to teach-
ing girls in the Tarbiat School of 'I'ehe-
ran, Persia, there came a Word from
Abdul Baha asking if someone could be
sent in her stead. The Annual Conven-
tion of last year with his confirmation
chose Miss Genevieve L. Coy, a special-
ist in the education of gifted children
and teacher of in one of the
great State Universities, who this spring
took her Ph. D. at Columbia University,
New York. During the year she has
been studying Persian and preparing
for her Work of teaching English to the
children in Teheran. She sailed from
New York for Egypt, May 10, 1922. She
will stop in the Holy Land on her 'Way
to Persia.
Miss Coy's experience illustrates the
appeal of the Bahai teachings to the
highly trained university scientist. Ab-
dul Baha so perfectly unites science and
religion that the most skeptical modern
scholar is won by his heavenly logic and
his creative Words. Miss Coy first heard
of the Bahai movement while teaching
and studying in one of our great Amer-
ican universities. As a specialist in
she thought how delightful
it would be to collect material on the
of the spiritual transforma-
tions effected by the Bahai teachings.
With this critical spirit of the scientific
investigator she began to question the
Bahais as to their inner experiences and
to read the writings of Abdul Baha and
Baha 'U1lah which they said were the
fountain source of that newness of life
which she saw shining so in
their lives and faces. The result of this
investigation she records in the follow-
ing bit of spiritual autobiography which
she wrote at the request of the present
writer:
"For five years before I heard of the
121

