THE VICTORY OF FAITH 267
world, so the vision of peace on earth has
existed perfect and unchanging, a land-
scape beyond the hills of sacrifice and
endeavor, until little by little those outer
conditions might be established of which
peace and righteousness are the consum-
mation, the purpose, the motive, the fruit.
Never has the man of faith denied the
reality of human brotherhood, but in all
ages his concern has been to further the
inner and outer preparations for its even-
tual victory.
Let us not be deceived by the apparent
predominance of hatred, suspicion and
the desire for material conquest in this
age.
Nine years ago a child might have trav-
eled from Berlin to Paris in a few hours,
without danger, Without annoyance. A
year later, in 1914, more than a million
men attempted to make that journey, and
not one man arrived. Why was this?
Not one man arrived because they came
on conquest, and coming on conquest
they raised up forces of opposition that
proved mightier than they.
This is a new condition in the world of
humanity. Hitherto, no power has ex-
isted strong enough to resist empire ex-
cept the mysterious power of time. Rome
was overthrown, overthrown at last, but
Rome was overthrown so slowly that peo-
ple did not perceive the seeds of Rome's
downfall were sown by the first legions
Rome sent forth to conquer the world.
Hence arose, in all past ages, the apparent
justification of conquest and the apparent
unreality of love: that the effects of am-
bition and greed were so separated from
their causes that the people could not
realize that cause and effect are actually
one.
But today, cause and effect are no
longer mysteriously separated by time,
or place, or personality. The material
unity of all races and all countries, and
their complete interdependence upon one
and the same economic organization, has
created a condition wherein spiritual mo-
tive and material consequence are as in-
separable as the heart and the mind of
the same man.
There is an old saying about "those
who fish in troubled waters" which we
can complete by adding the words "must
on dry land". That is, to profit by
others' domination one must stand be-
yond the consequences of their domina-
tion. Today no immunity exists or is
possible for any individual or group. For
men are no longer associated together as
self-sustaining groups, but each com-
munity l1as become an essential wheel or
lever in the one world machine--an es-
sential organ or limb in the one body of
humanity.
In the light of this new condition let
us perceive the sequences in which vision,
as cause, becomes reality, as effect.
'The origin of love, in evolving humani-
ty, is sympathy, and sympathy is the
sharing of the same danger, or suffering,
or pain. So long as humanity stood
divided from itself, in separate races and
religions, so long was sympathy confined
in its action to the separate community,
and the result of sympathy, love, ex-
pressed itself as loyalty to the one nation
and the one creed. Therefore love ever
resisted and overthrew its own desire,
since loyalty to the one nation and the
one creed involved opposition to ot-her na-
tions and other creeds. Today, just as
injury to one part of a body is injury
to all parts, so injury to any portion of
humanity has its effects upon all other
portions. The very universality of suf-
fering in this age has overthrown the
foundations of limited loyalty, and the
mutual danger we face through warfare
or_economic disaster is the pledge of a
common sympathy as inevitable as the
rising of tomorrow's sun.
If we seek for confirmation of this in
one another's spiritual limitations, how-
ever, we may seek in vain. For just as
an imperfect mirror exaggerates every
image, so in our imperfection of thought
and love do we tend to confirm each other
in our selfishness rather than in our as-
piration for the common good. Without
some source wherein each may find his
ow'n perfection steadfastly set forth, we
shall continue as it were in the narrow
and endless valley of self, increasing the
crisis of modern existence until another
and greater war engulf us all.
Abdul Baha's spiritual influence alone
can overcome the bitterness of suspicion
and the habit of hate.
Abdul Baha has brought back in its
fulness the ancient, the timeless vision of

