STAR OF THE WEST 23
steadfastness and with heart, soul and tongue, turn unto Him, and be not of
the thoughtless."
And still He says: "You have forgotten God's Covenant and violated His
Testament.' 
And again He says: "If anyone comes to you with the book of the wicked,
put him behind you."
Again: "Among the people are those who have broken the Covenant, and
among them are those who have followed What was ordained by the All-knower,
the All-wise. My affliction is not from my imprisonment and persecution, or
from what comes to me from my rebellious servants, but from the actions of
those who attribute themselves to this persecuted One and commit among the
people that which is degrading to the honor of God. Verily, they are of the
seditious 
Likewise speaking for the violators He says: "Thou hast made the pulpits
for Thy mention, the proclamation of Thy Vllord and the manifestation of Thy
Cause, and We [the violators] have ascended them to proclaim the breaking
of Thy Covenant and Testament."
Likewise He says: "Take what has been ordained for you and follow not
those who have broken God's Covenant and Testament, for lo! They are the
people of error."
Again He says: "Those who have broken the Covenant. of God, notwith-
standing His commands, and have turned away, they are the people of error
before the Most Opulent, the Exalted."
And He says: "Those who have been faithful to God 's Covenant are the
highest ones in the sight of the exalted Lord. Those who have become negligent
are of the people of fire in the sight of Thy Lord, the Beloved, the Independent."
Likewise He says: "Blessed is the servant or maid-servant who believes,
and woe to the polytheists who have violated the Covenant of God and His
Testament, and deviated from My right path."
Likewise He says: implore of Thee not to deprive me of what Thou
possessest or what Thou hast ordained for Thy chosen ones who have not
broken Thy Covenant and Testament. Say! Die with your hatred! Verily,
He is come by whom the pillars of the world have been shaken, and because of
whom the feet have stumbled, save those who have not broken the Covenant
but have followed what God revealed in His Book."
Likewise He says: "The Supreme Concourse will pray for the one who is
adorned with the garment of faithfulness between heaven and earth; but he who
breaks the Covenant is cursed by heaven and earth."
Likewise He says: "Take hold of what has been revealed unto you, with
a power superior to that of the hands of the unbelievers who have violated
the Covenant of God and His Testament, and have turned from the Face."
Also He says: Yahya! Verily, the Book has come! Take it with a
power fro-m us and do not follow those who have broken the Covenant of God
and His Testament, and have denied what has been revealed from the Powerful,
the All-knower."
Likewise He says: awoke this morning, my God, under the shadow
of Thy great bounty and have taken, with Thy power, the pen to mention Thee
with such mention as shall be a light unto the pure and fire unto the wicked
who have violated Thy Covenant, denied Thy verses and put aside the Kawther
7

