20 STAR OF THE WEST
so that on the day of the appearance of "Him-whom-God-shall-manifest" and
of the radiation of the light of BAHA they might believe and be assured,
arise in service and promulgate the Word of God. Later the people of the
Began, like Mirza Yahya and many others, 'arose against the Blessed Beauty,
invented every sort of calumny, aroused doubt in the minds of the people, and
from the books of His Holiness the Bab, that were full of references to "Him-
whom-God-shall-manifest," tried to prove BAHA false. Every day they
wrote and spread a pamphlet opposing BAI-IA caused trouble and per-
plexity among the people; they inflicted the greatest injury and cruelty, yet
counted themselves firm in the Covenant of His Holiness the Bab. However.
when the light of the Covenant 0-f His Holiness the Bab lighted the universe,
then all the faithful and sincere souls were freed from the darkness of the
violation of the people of the cyan and shone like brilliant candles-.
BAI-IA in all the Tablets and Epistles forbade the true and firm
friends from associating with and meeting the violators of the Covenant of His
Holiness the Bab, saying that no one should go near them because their breath
is like the poison of the snake that kills instantly.
In the Hidden Words He says: "Esteem the friendship of the just, but
withhold both mind and hand from the company of the wicked."
Addressing one of the friends He says: "It is clear to your honor that
before long satan, in the garb of man, will reach that land and Will try to
mislead the friends of the Divine Beauty through temptations which arouse the
desires of self, and will cause them to follow the footsteps of satan away from
the right and glorious path, and prevent them from attaining the blessed shore
of the King of Oneness. This is a hidden information of which we have in-
formed the chosen ones lest they may be deprived of their praiseworthy station
by associating with the embodiments of hatred. Therefore, it is incumbent upon
all the friends of God to shun any person in Whom they perceive the emanation
of hatred for the glorious Beauty of Abha, though he may quote all the heavenly
utterances and cling to all the Books." He continues, glorious be His Name:
"Protect yourselves with utmost vigilence, lest you be entrapped in the snare
of deception and fraud." This is the advice of the Pen of Des-tiny.
In another address He says: "Therefore, to avoid these people will be the
nearest path by which to attain the Divine good-pleasure; be-cause their breath
is infectious, like unto poison." In another Tablet He says: Kazim, close
thine to the people of the world; drink the water of knowledge from the
heavenly Cup Bearers and listen not to the nonsensical utterances of .the mani-
festations o-f satan, because the manifestations of satan are occupying today
the observation posts in the glorious path of God and preventing the people
by every means of deception and ruse (from following the path). Before long
you will witness the turning away of the people of Began from the Manifesta-
tion of the Merciful."
In another Tablet He says: "Endeavor to your utmost to protect your-
selves, because satan appears in different robes and appeals to everyone accord-
ing to each person 's own way, until he becomes like unto him (satan), then he
will leave him alone." In another Tablet He says: "Shun any man in Whom
you perceive enmity for this Servant, though he may appear in the garb of
piety, of the former and later people, or may arise to the worship of the two
Worlds." In another Tablet He says: l\/Bahdi! Be informed by these
utterances and shun the manifestations of the people of hell, the rising-place
of Nimrods (King who cast Abraham into the fire), the rising-place of Pharaohs,

