STAR OF
of Congress catalog cards, for the
same, thus minimizing the effort, and
standardizing the work of cataloging'
the books, which is not a small service
THE WEST 79
rendered to those libraries who receive
our gifts. You are asked to request
librarians to apply directly to the com-
mittee for books.
All communications should be addressed to
Charles as0'n Remey, Chairman.
Ellaabeth G. Hopper, Secretary.
THE 
Bahai Library Committee,
P. O. Box 1319, Washington, D. C.
Note: \Ve will be happy to receive as donations copies of any of the stand-
ard and -approved books of the Cause and in turn We will place these gifts in
libraries.
"Unto this I Call You"
"lords of Abdul-Baha to the American friends, on the Steamship Celtic just
before sailing from New York City, December 5th, 1912.
THIS is my last interview with you
and now I am on this ship to sail
away. This is my last exhortation which
I am going to give unto you. My last
exhortation to you is this: I have re-
peatedly spoken to you and I have in-
vited you to the unity of the world of
humanity. I have told you that all man-
kind are servants of the same God that
God is the Creator of all. He is the
Provider of all. He is the Life-giver of
all. He is affectionate to all. Before
God all are as servants of one God and
God is compassionate toward all. There-
fore we must act in the utmost kindness
and affection towards all the nations of
the world. We must set aside all fanati-
cism and religious prejudices. We must
forget all national prejudices. . . .
As to you: your efforts must be made
lofty. Exert yourselves with your heart
and soul so that perchance through your
efforts the light of Universal Peace may
shine and the darkness of estrangement
and enmity may be dispelled from
amongst men so that all men may be-
come as one family and be kind unto one
another; that the East may assist the
West; that theWest may aid the East, for
all are the denizens of the one planet and
all are peoples of the one nativity and all
are the flocks of the one Shepherd.
. . . . You are informed concerning
the mysteries of God. Your eyes are il-
lumined. Your ears are made hearing.
You must therefore look toward each
other and then toward all mankind with
the utmost love and kindness for you
have no excuse to bring before God if
you do not live in this way for you are
informed of that which constitutes the
good pleasure of God. You have heard
I-Iis commandments. You have harkened
unto His words of advice. You must,
therefore, be kind to all men. You must
even be kind to your enemies as to your
friends. You must even consider your
evil-wishers as your well-wishers. You
must consider as agreeab-le those
who are not agreeable to you so that,
perchance, this darkness of conflict may
disappear from amongst men and the
light of the Divine may shine forth; so
that the Orient may be illumined, that
the Occident may be filled with frag-
rance, nay, the East and the West may
embrace each other in love and deal with
one another in the utmost affection. . . .
Unto this I call you.

