SOME QUESTIONS US CONSIDER THEM
By Dr. Frederick W. D'Evelyn
THERE is a spirit in this age. Men
are reacting to its influence. This
reaction is shaping questions, moulding
comments and formulating surmises.
Our best sympathies are awakened.
The Times Literary Supplement (Lon-
don) recently stated, "There will be
changes in the Christian religion;"
"What form, no one can say." We ad-
vance the claim that Bahai elucidation
reveals the dawn of a New Cycle com-
prehensively enough to include all pre-
manifested truth and light, thereby
establishing a spiritual consummation.
Amplify this claim and We find it covers
the "change" and the "form" inquired
of by the Times Literary Supplement.
This article further advances two
questions of most commendable concep-
tion. The first, one of faith:_ "What
think ye of Christ?" The student of
the Ba.hai teaching would ask to have
the question read, "What know ye of
Christ." The measure is found in
knowing, not in thinking. (We shall
return to this later.)
The second question is: "How is the
fullness of life to be lived in the narrow
way: how is a sincere acceptance of
Christianity to be reconciled with a free
and generous view of civilization?"
This is a great question and when the
Times Literary Supplement adds as a
context, "Neither of these problems will
be solved in a generation or a century"
we halt, but are neither fearful nor dis-
mayed for the solution is with us today.
Our author says, "we need God" and, if
Christians--a "Christ." This later he
magnificently interprets "as a spiritual
andf universal Christ who includes but
transcends the Jesus of the Gospels."
211
We are passing the junction, and
are now nearing a common highway.
The Times Literary Supplement uses
"Names," (30I1V61113l0l .11 and orthodox,
and, we almost suspect, unwittingly,
with their accepted valuation. The
Bahai is instructed to consider freedom
from "Names"--long since sundered
from their and baptism--as
blessed. Dogma helps us in no wise with
our responses. Having concreted error
its subsequent "teachings" are con-
fusion.
In the World of Divinity, identity and
quality are one. "Christ" is a station,
an attribute, not a surname. The
"Word" is inseparable from the iden-
tity and quality of Divinity. Word and
God are one. No duality, perfect unity.
The station of the Christ is the station of
the \Vord. The station of the Word is
the station of God. The Christ station
and the God station are perfect unity,
inseparable. The Christ (station) thus
dwells in but transcends the mere per-
sonality of each and all the Mighty
Human Temples through which God
(the Word) has spoken. No section of
the world of humanity has any monopoly
of Divine rights. "The Essence of My
Light is Universal."
This station in its comprehensiveness
and oneness permits the "knowing"
(the knowledge) of Christ, eliminating
the doubting of "mere thinking."
The Times Literary Supplement claims
Christianity is not and can not be the
same thing as civilization, for "just as
it has a supernatural creed, so it has a
supernatural life." This estimate is
surely a mere ecclesiastical reflex, a
product of limitation.

