238 STAR OF THE WEST
A MOSQUE ON THE BOSPHORUS
in the yarlehs for the day's travel the
Women of the party were busy about
breakfast. Usually We were able to get
a "mongol"--a sheet iron stove with
charcoal could make coffee and
boil eggs, but because the Government
had requisitioned all the donkeys for
army transport sometimes no charcoal
was obtainable, not even enough for a
samovar, and then We Were obliged to
start Without the bit of Warmth that
made the day begin gailythought of complaint that thought
died before the sobering reflection that
What to us was discomfort, because
transient, meant a Winter of horror to
the helpless villagers. Here I am sur-
rounded by Well-dressed, comfortable
fellow-passengers, indifferent to me and
to each other, an indifference bred by
custom. There at every village almost
the entire population gathered about the
strangers, frankly curious, always ask-
ing if We were Americans and then al-
most always inquiring if there were a
Doctor amongst us. They Would escort
the Doctor to some mud hut Where he
Would find, perhaps, a Woman dying of
sarcoma, or perhaps a case of advanced
tubercul0sis--al1nost surely someone in
extremis.
As I contrast the two journeys today
I am struck again With the thought that
has been so persistent ever since our
sojourn in Anatolia, the thought that
these striking differences are after all
superficial, with the knowledge that the
thing we found strangest in Anatolia
Was not the strangeness at all but the
sameness. The external differences are
very evident and very great, the inter-
nal likeness not less evident, not less
great. We had been led to expect
strange people--We found people like
ourselves. We had expected to find
aliens--We found brothers, fundament-
ally like ourselves, and everywhere We
met With friendliness and kindliness. In
the differences of attitude, bred by
environment, all the superiority does not
lie with the Westerner. Though West-
ern civilization has much to offer the
Orient in the Way of scientific and ma-
terial knowledge and achievement, my
life in the Interior of Anatolia taught
me that We can learn as much from the
people of that land as We can teach them.
They have a quid pro quo to give us
for all We can offer them. This is less
an opinion than a perception. I shall
not attempt to support it by argument,
but rather, in the space at my command,

