tea a11d olives were "Kosher." He re-
plied, "They are Kosher."
"Art thou thyself Kosher or Taref?"
Abdul Baha asked him pleasantly.
I hope 1 am Kosher. I Wish good to
everyone. I am not seeking to harm
any soul. If a man curse me or beat me
I still like him. I am living according
to the religion of my father. If 'these
things constitute the condition of being
Kosher, then I am Kosher."
"\Vell said." replied the Master, 
know thou art sincere in the profession
of thy religion and that is the reason
why I love thee so much."
Esmael replied: know one thing.
Any moment I am ready to sacrifice my
life for the Master. For the last forty-
two years you have ever been kind to me
and 011 several occasions have saved my
life. This has nothing to do with faith.
This is love. I declare by Jehovah, if
you ask me at this very moment I will
die for you gladly, knowing well that I
have won the good pleasure of Abraham.
Jacob and Moses."
Then the Master asked Esmael: "How
old was Moses?"
"One hundred and twenty years," he
replied. "But the patriarchs, such as
Noah a11d others lived many hundreds
of years."
The Master said: "The age of those
ancient prophets as recorded in the Old
Testament is symbolic. It has a spiritual
interpretation. WVert thou informed of
the science of anatomy thou wouldst re-
alize that this human mechanism and'
these material organs cannot last more
than one hundred and twenty years."
Esmael inquired: "Where is the seat
of thought?"
The Master replied: "It is generally
understood that the seat of thought, con-
sciousness and volition is in the brain.
The brain is the organ of the intellect
and understanding. The heart also plays
a part through the central nervous sys-
tem. Thus the activities of the brain and
the heart by means of afferent and effer-
ent nerve fibers are linked together.
Figuratively speaking, the brain is like
a mirror. When it is turned toward any
object, Whether in the east or in the west,
that object will immediately be reflected
011 its surface and consciousness is real-
ized. In the World of dreams conscious-
ness is awake and works uninterrupt-
edly."
"Come, come, friends," the Master
said, as We Waited at the threshold. "Let
us talk tonight of the old times." He
asked me What news I had. I told him
I had heard that Badi Effendi's school
in Abou Senan had increased in numbers
and that it was no more my room but a
Bahai school. He laughed and said:
"I/Vhat dost thou want with a room of
stone and clay? I have prepared for
thee glorious rooms the Walls, the roofs,
the floors, and the furniture of which
are of pure deeds and immortal virtues.
Therein thou shalt abide forever. Badi
Effendi is a capable, efficient teacher
and loves the children. He is striving in
service and wishes to perfect the work
which he undertakes. Perfection of work
is man 's greatest reward. VVhen a mat-1
sees his work perfected and this perfec-
tion is the result of incessant labor and
application he is the happiest man in
the world. Vlork is the source of human
happiness.' 
About two hours before sunrise I was
called from my bed by one of the two
Bahais who spent the night here in the
house. The Master was up; the samovar
was boiling and tea was prepared for 0111'
delectation. It was thirst for the "spir-
itual tea" which awakened me and I
dressed hurriedly and made my way
through the darkness to the other house.
I opened the door of the blessed room
and entered unannounced. The Master
was sitting in his accustomed place on 
divan in the corner next to the Wl11d01Y.
Only a candle was burning on the oppo-
152

