THE TURKISH PEOPLE 241
patriotism and of sacrifice which ani-
mated the Turkish people during these
days of war are coupled almost as many
incidents showing their utter weariness
of war, of their longing for peace. At
Samsoun we were shown a tiny baby
that had been left a foundling at the
hospital door. None knew whence it
came nor of what race, but the nurses
took it in and cared for it and now it
was thriving as mightily as if it were
surrounded by an adoring family. The
Turkish doctor had named it and had
chosen' for the name a Turkish word
which means "Peace!"
We were calling one day on a "gen-
tlewoman of the old school." She and
her husband had fled from the heat of
Kaisereyeh to the hills at Talas and we
found her in a room on the upper floor
of a little garden house. The windows
looked out over a wide, walled garden
that must have once been beautiful, but
was untended, as most gardens in An-
atolia are, now. Our hostess sent the
toothless, grinning Armenian servant to
fetch us some roses, who, when she re-
turned, lingered in the doorway frankly
enjoying the call and the conversation.
Our hostess gravely bade me "welcome
to our country" and the conversation
ranged from the ever-recurrent theme of
the midsummer heat through talk con-
cerning the manners and dress of some
of the younger women, who were "too
a la Francayouth!" sighed our hostess. Thus in
America we elders speak of the younger
generation. Thus everywhere at all
times have the elders sighed over the
wayward ways of youth. But very soon
all pretense of interest in lighter topics
was abandoned, and our hostess was
speaking of the war, of the suffering and
weariness of the Turkish people, of their
longing for peace. "Wily must it be?"
she asked. Then, pointing to the rug at
my feet she continued: "In your lan-
guage how do you name that?" "In
our language we say 'rug' or 'carpet,' 
I answered. "And in ours," she re-
joined, "we say 'kelim,' but we both
mean the same thing. So, in our lan-
guage we say 'Allah,' in yours you say
'God,' yet we both mean the same Per-
son. He is the Father of us all and He
never meant us to fight."
We were eight months in the interior
of Anatolia and nowhere did I ever meet
or see traces of the "terrible Turk" of
tradition. I never had any first-hand
knowledge of massacres or atrocities. I
met and saw groups of deportees--
Greeks who were sent back from cities
and villages near the battle lines. I saw
among them poverty, fatigue, disease-
those things which are inseparable from
wandering through that primitive land.
I was told by many that their women
were not sent back, that they accom-
panied their men of their own choice.
With their men gone they would prob-
ably find life very difficult, as indeed all
races and classes were finding life dif-
ficult in that land where continuous war
had brought industrial ruin and abject
poverty. I do not mean to deny that
the Turks have been guilty of barbari-
ties. I testify only to what I saw and
heard and knew at first hand. I found
the Turks very human and wherever I
came in contact with them I found them
as tolerant and "civilized" as most na-
tions in time of war.
Sometimes when I bear this testimony,
as I must do, I am assured that I "have
been gulled by the wily Turk." I am
told that the courtesy and friendliness
which I met everywhere were a mask,
that underneath that mask is "fanat-
ical hatred and terrible ferocity." One
wonders at a conspiracy so widespread,
at acting so perfect, and at why it
should be aimed at such obscure persons.
But I do not base my opinion of the
Turkish people upon their courtesy or
their friendliness. I base it upon more
convincing evidence, upon the evidence
of their own individual personalities.
Day after day the Turkish women came
to call upon the American women at
Kaisereyeh--partly courtesy perhaps,
largely curiosity probably--but it
brought me into intimate social contact
for hours at a time with scores of typical
Turkish women of the merchant and of-
ficial classes and at the Doctor 's clinics
I saw hundreds of the peasant class.
Nowhere in the world have I seen a
higher general level of nobility and se-
renity of countenance. Faces cannot lie.

