i thou Star of the West!

ant events.
iStar of the West
TABLETS FROM ABDUL-BAHA 
Be thou happy! Be thou happ-y! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and 
eternal, ere long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in _every T,
country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized 111 the 
country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form 
is small and thy v0ice weak,_yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the 
of the attention of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the
faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the future thy subscribers will become hosts
after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy arena will
become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and becom_e world-
wide-and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yfit
all these depend upon firmness, firmness, firmness!
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the Star of the West, must be edited in the 
utmost regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of God-
so that both in the East and West, they may become informed with the most imP01't' 
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA 
Dr. Wm. F. Slater
Carl Scheffler
Star of the West Committe-e~--Convention of 1921 lb
Chas. Mason Remey, Chairman 
Editorial Staff Albert R. Windust--Gertrude Buikema--Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi
pi Honorary Member: Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
Albert Vail
Martha Root ll
VOL.13 1,78(April9,1922) NO.2
From "The Bugle," published at Haifa, Palestine; translated by Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi, Chicago. 
MEMORIAL SERVICE HELD ON THE FORTIETH
DAY AFTER THE ASCENSION OF ABDUL -BAHA
Friday cnuary 6th, 1922) was the Fortieth Day after the Ascension of the
Great umanitar/iain, the man of learning and mercy,
Abdul-Baha, Abbas.
AT one o'clock in the afternoon peo-
ple from Haifa, Acca and the
neighboring towns, headed by the High
Commissioner of Palestine, government
oflicials, foreign consuls, religious lead-
ers, prominent poets and scholars of all
nations, race and creeds, assembled at the
house of the late Abdul-Baha, Abbas.
Neither in Haifa nor in any other Ori-
ental city has there ever been such an
impressive service. A Well arranged and
perfectly prepared dinner was served to
more than six hundred guests. Besides
these, one hundred and fifty of the poor
gathered in a. special place prepared for
them. After all had partaken of the de-
licious food, they assembled in the large
hall. On the platform was a photograph
of the departed.
At exactly two o'cZ0ch, Ef-
fend'/Z oscen-dad the platform
and opened the service, and sp0R;6 as
follows:
"Many a. time have We assembled in
this home, which was the place of pil~
grimage for scholars and the f0unt&in~
head of virtues. Then we used to find
it budding and blossoming, the fragrance
of its flowers pervading everywhere, the
birds singing on its tall trees, the Water
of Life overflowing and beauty of
happiness on the faces of those who lived
herein.
"But today, Why do We see its pillars
*Sccretary of the National Moham~
medan Society.

