STAR OF THE WEST 41
fallen in ruins, everything sad and sor-
rowful, its face beclouded, its flowers
wilted, its leaves fallen and scattered,
its birds silent, everything completely
submerged with grief and anxiety~--the
mineral, vegetable and human sharing
alike in this desolation?
"We have more than once partaken
of the food from this Hatimic table.
(Hatim Tai was known to be the most
generous man according to Arabian his-
tory.) We used to partake of its food
with the utmost ease and drink its water
copiously; are We so choked
with every mouthful and strangle with
every drop?
"This roof has covered us at many
scientific and educational 
gatherings that were full of happiness
and joy, wherein voices sounded, and
argument and discussion continued-
today, why do we not utter even a word"?
It is as if birds were perched upon our
heads (so silent are We). That happi-
ness has changed to sorrow, that joy
into grief and those discussions to quiet-
ness and silence. Is it because this
home Was confronted by circumstances
and overpowered by the hosts of tor-
ture, or surrounded by calamities from
all sides? No. It is neither this or
that; nay rather, it is because the Lord
of this home, its departed mystery, its
spirit and its joy, Abdul-Baha Abbas,
has ascended from this mortal world.
"Therefore, it has become lifeless and
its appearance changed. \Ve have lived
in his time, and We have associated with
him for tens of years without any fa-
tigue or weariness; nay rather, we
could hardly pass a moment without re-
ceiving a portion of his guidance. We
know not how the years have passed!
Why is it that our days have beco-me
long, our patience deficient, our sorrow
increased, our endurance decreased 
and it is only forty days since his depar-
ture!
"During this sad period we have
found only degradation for the world
because of his departure, a11d glory for
the spiritual realm because of his pres-
ence. He Was the standard-bearer of
knowledge, the proclaimer of the verses
of unity, the herald of the knowledge of
God, the exhorter of good, the prohibi-
tor of evil, the confirmer of the pillars
of peace, and the promoter of harmony
instead of strife.
"The Prophet (Mohammed) 
him be peace--said: 'If knowledge
were to be found in the stars, Persian
men would reach it.' Verily, he spoke
the truth. Islam and all it includes of
ordinances, traditions, even language
and ethics were classified and systema-
tized by men of Persia. Unquestion-
ably, our departed one was the seal
thereof.
"Today, the Arab, the Persian, the
Oriental, the Occidental, the Mohamme-
dan, the Christian, and the Jew have
equal share in this memorial service.
Since his departure is a calamity for the
whole world, therefore the people of the
East and the West weep for him. Even
though our calamity be most great, yet,
praise be to God, his family has been
spared for us. This is our great re-
compense. 
The talk given by the Governor of
Phoemicia was as follows:
"His Excellency, the High Commis-
sioner has desired me to express his great
regret that, owing to his temporary ab-
sence from Palestine, he could not be
present with us today. The Civil Secre-
tary, Sir VV. H. Deedes, has similarly
expressed his regrets because of pres-
sure of work which has detained him at
Jerusalem. Both these high officials
asked me to convey their greetings to
you, and their deep sympathy with the
relatives of the man in whose honor we
are gathered together.
"Most of us here have a clear pic-
ture of Sir Abdul-Baha Abbas, of his
dignified figure walking thoughtfully in
our streets, of his courtesy and gracious
manner, of his kindness, of his love for

