294 OUR TRIP TO HAIFA
their material and moral resources.
They must look forward and not
backward, up and not down. They
are the real benefactors of humanity, the
burning torches of bright hope. Just as
the heaven is above the earth so their
ideals must soar above the ideals of this
age. Unfalteringly they must inspire the
hearts with peace and harmony. With
perfect faith and assurance they must
toil and labor and know of a certainty
that the goal is ahead. They will reach
it if they work steadily and firmly. The
Lord of Hosts is reinforcing them. The
Sun of Peace is up in the horizon and its
rays are penetrating through the clouds
of prejudice and ignorance. These war-
ships will be changed into merchant
steamers binding the nations and coun-
tries more closely together. The cry of
peace is being heard from every throat
and the sweet, resonant melody of peace
Will drown all the screeching noises of
war.
"Blessed are those who are enlisted in
the ranks of peace!"

OUR TRIP TO HAIFA IN THE SUMMER OF l922
By Stanwood Cobb
many friends have considered it
hazardous to undertake a trip to
Palestine and the Near East in the sum-
mer, it may be of interest to give our ex-
periences. Of course we should have
preferred the winter for such a journey,
but like many others we were free only
in the summer months and We deter-
mined to take advantage of our' oppor-
tunity in spite of climatic disadvantages.
First a word as to route. We found it
impossible to get any definite information
in this country concerning routes, sail-
ings, and prices, through to Haifa; and
even in London information was difficult
to get and inaccurate. Therefore We will
here share our information, acquired
through diflicult experience.
There are lines that sail directly from
New York to the Near East; but they are
Greek lines, with small boats and infre-
quent sailings, and this route is not to my
mind advisable.
The quickest way to reach Haifa (also
the most agreeable and as inexpensive as
any) is as boat to England
or the Continent; by rail across the Con-
tinent to Trieste; by boat to Alexandria;
by rail from Alexandria to Haifa. The
time consumed is as follows: New York
to the Continent, from six to eleven days,
according to the boat; across the Conti-
nent to Trieste, one to two days; Trieste
to Alexandria (by express boats of the
Lloyd Tristine which has weekly sailings,
or by express boats of the Servitzime
Italiano which has bi-Weekly sailings),
three to four days; by rail from Alexan-
dria to Haifa, one and a half days. Mini-
mum time from New York to Haifa,
twelve days. Minimum expense, about
six hundred dollars round trip. Boat fares
are rapidly coming down and next sum-
mer the same trip probably would cost
less than five hundred dollars.
As to summer climate in the Near East,
I will say that We Were agreeably sur-
prised to find how comfortable travel was
under such conditions. We were not in
the least made uncomfortable by the heat
nor did we suffer any unhealthful effects
from it, except in Haifa itself which has
a bad summer climate. One should never
move hurriedly in the Near East, nor ex-
pose oneself to the sun any more than is
absolutely necessary. One should avoid
native water and some uncooked foods
such as salads. One should conserve
one's energy. By following these rules
one may travel in safety and comfort in
Egypt and Palestine in -mid-summer. In

