It must have been seven-thirty or
eight o'clock when we reached Bahje.
The friends there were not expecting us,
but they gave us a most cordial welcome.
We found there the very pleasant keeper
of the Tomb, Abdul Kasim, his young
helper, and an Arab policeman. We peo-
ple from Haifa made a group of seven
people, and a very good time we had. I
cannot find Words to describe how fine a
man Abdul Kasim seems to me. He is
so pleasant in manner, so sincere, so
cheerful, so devoted to his work there.
When I thanked him for things that he
did for me he insisted that I must not
thank him, for he was the servant of
Baha'Ullah,and therefore my servant.
When I told him how lovely the garden
about the Tomb was, he said, "Yes, it is
the garden of Baha'Ullah, and therefore
it must be beautiful!" I shall always
remember him as one of the loveliest
Bahais I have ever met. I think that
Abbas Gholi at the Tomb on Mount Oar-
mel is just as splendid and attractive
and lovable, but I cannot speak English
with him, and so I cannot get so well
acquainted with him. Abdul Kasim
speaks quite a bit of English.
After we had rested a little while,
Fugeta and I went into the Tomb. It
was dark by that time, and the lights in
the Tomb were lighted. The thing which
seemed to me most beautiful about the
lighting was that the lights 'were so
placed that they shone out from under a
fern in the center of the little inner gar~
den. The light came out soft and green
through the fronds of fern. The lights
were not all on when We first went in,
and I liked it better with the softer
light; We stayed there in prayer for
perhaps half an hour. There are so
many people, so many causes to pray for,
as well as for oneself, that time goes
very, very quickly! Afterward, Hus-
sein turned on all the lights so that I
might see them. They turn 'into a blaze
of light, and made me think of Abdul
Baha's comment, when he was in Amer-
ica, that Baha'Ullah always loved light;
that they might be economical about
everything else, but that he always told
them to have much light about him.
Fugeta also drew my attention to the
vase that the American Bahais had sent
in memory of the Master 's visit to
America. The vase was made by Tif-
fany, and it is very beautiful. It is of
bronze, with insets of jewels and cloisone
work. The latter-is of a most exquisite
blue, shading off into yellow, as it curves
up the slender neck of the vase. It is a
very, very lovely thing, as is Worthy of
such a place.
When we returned to the house sup-
per was not quite ready, and I sat out
on the little porch, and talked to Esfen~
diar, in a wild mixture of English and
Persian. However, I learned several
new Persian Words, and he learned their
English equivalents. I like Esfendiar
very much. He is full of fun, devoted
to the Master. He certainly gives him-
self absolutely in service, now to the
family of the Master. He is usually busy
from early morning till night, driving
the Family or the friends to near and
distant places. Fugeta said that taking
the two of us to Bahje, and then to Acca
the next morning was quite a vacation
for him.
We had a delicious supper, and were
very happy at it. We had three lots of
food--~which we shared together--what
Fugeta and I had brought from Haifa,
what the policeman had prepared, and
What Abdul Kasim and his companion
had cooked. We had little pats of
chopped meat, stewed okra, meat
browned in the pan, with tomatoes on
top, olives, "mast" (something like
Dutch cheese), watermelon, bread, and
a "sweet," made of sugar and the
ground seeds of some plant. The
Arab policeman seemed a very pleasant,
friendly fellow. The men say that he
is the nicest of the policemen who have
been stationed there at the Tomb.
After supper Fugeta and I went for
a walk, down through the great pine
trees, and beyond. The night was abso-
lutely perfect. The moon was almost full,
and shed a soft, clear light down on the
fields and orchards. Everything showed
clearly, and the view of the Tomb
through the trees was beautiful. It was
the most calm and quiet of any evening
scene I have ever had the joy of seeing.
Ocasionally some bird would call from a
208

