260 STAR OF THE WEST
BAHAI PRINCIPLES
THE LIGHT OF THE NEW DAY
THE teachings of Baha 'Ullah are
the breaths of the Holy Spirit that
create men anew." "They are the light
of this age and the spirit of this century."
"Praise be to God that the Sun of
Reality has shone forth with the utmost
brilliancy from the eastern horizon. The
regions of the world are flooded with Its
light. There are many rays to this Sun.
"The first ray is heavenly teachings.
"The second ray is the oneness of the
world of humanity.
"The third ray is the establishment of
universal peace.
"The fourth ray is the investigation of
reality.
"The fifth ray is the promulgation of
universal fellowship.
"The sixth ray is the inculcation of
divine love through the power of religion.
"The seventh ray is the conformity of
religion with science and reason.
"The eighth ray is the abandonment of
religious, racial, patriotic and political-
prejudices.
"The ninth ray is the universal spread
of education.
"The tenth ray is the organization of
the arbitral court of justice, or parliament
of man before the members of which all
the international and intergovernmental
problems are arbitrated.
"The eleventh ray is the equality of the
sexes--the giving of the same educational
facilities to women as to men so that they
may become adorned with all the virtues
of humanity.
"The twelfth ray is the solution of all
the economic problems of the world so
that each individual member of humanity
may enjoy the utmost comfort and well-
being.
"The thirteenth ray is the spread of
an auxiliary language.
"Just as the rays of the phenomenal
sun are infinite likewise the rays of the
Sun of Reality are infinite. This sum-
mary contains only a few of its rays.
"The spreading of these rays will de-
liver the world of humanity from the
darkness of ignorance, strangeness and
narrowness and will guide it to the center
of all these rays. Then the foundation
of warfare and strife, animosity and hat-
red will be destroyed from amongst the
people and the misunderstandings exist-
ing between the religions will be dis-
pelled. _The foundation of the religions
of God IS one and that is the oneness of
the world of from
an article written by Abdul Baha for The
Asiatic Quarterly, April, 1913.
OF THE NEW
TEMPLE
THE model of the Temple was re-
cently on exhibition at the Kivork-
ian Galleries in New York and the Art
Institute in Chicago, where it attracted
great attention because of its exquisite
and unique architectural beauty. As a
Well-known sculptor said: 'At first you
think it is Oriental. But no, it is some-
thing quite new.' Some architects speak
of it as the most original idea in archi-
tecture for centuries. It blends the great
classic forms of the past into a new syn-
thesis, as the Bahai teachings bring the
essential spiritual and social principles of
the different religions into a new simpli-
city and oneness. The traceryi on the dome
weaves the symbols of the world religions
into one blended pattern of a new beauty.
There you will find the Greek cross, and
the Roman cross, the Crescent, the ]ew-
ish triangles, the five-pointed stars of the
limited unities of the past, the nine-point-
ed star of the universal unity of the
future.
"The Temple with its nine doors will
be set in the centre of a circular garden
symbolizing the all-inclusive circle of
God's unity. Nine pathways will lead to
the nine doors, and each one coming down
the pathway of his own sect or religion
or trend of thought will leave at the door
the dogmas that separate and, under the
dome of God's oneness, all will become
one. There they will worship morning
and evening, using those teachings. of
love and unity which all divine religions
hold in common. Around the central
dome there will be nine chapels. In
these chapels will be found the sacred
scriptures of the world's great religions.

