ous other agencies, and these agencies
in their turn are acted upon by still
other forces. For example, plants and
animals grow and develop under the
influence of what the philosophers of
our day designate as oxygen and hydro-
gen and through the effect of these two
elements, and these in turn are formed
by still other influences. The same can
be said of other phenomena whether
they affect other things or are affected
by them. Such a process of causation
goes on; but to maintain that this process
continues thus indefinitely is manifestly
absurd. The producers of effects and
the effects must of necessity lead eventu-
ally to Him Who is the Ever-Living, the
All-Powerful, Who is Self-Dependent
and the Ultimate Cause. This Universal
Reality cannot be perceived by the
senses nor can It be seen. So must it
be of necessity, for It is All-Encompass
ing, not circumscribed; and such attrib-
utes (as have been mentioned) qualify
the effect and not the Cause.
As we reflect we observe that man is
like unto a tiny microbe contained within
a fruit. This fruit has developed out of
the blossom, the blossom has grown out
of the tree, the tree is sustained by the
sap and the sap formed from earth and
water. How then can this tiny microbe
comprehend the nature of the Gardener,
conceive of the Gardener and compre-
hend his being? It is manifestly impos-
sible. Should that microbe understand
and reflect it would realize that this
garden, this tree, this blossom, this fruit
could in no wise have come into exist-
ence in such order and perfection by
themselves. In like manner the wise and
reflecting soul will know of a certainty
that this infinite universe with all its
grandeur and perfect order could not
have come into existence by itself.
Likewise, in the world of being there
exist unseen forces, such as the force of
ether previously mentioned which can-
not be perceived by the senses nor can
it be seen, yet from the effect which it
produces that is from its waves and
vibrations light, heat and electricity
appear and are made evident. So is it
with the power of growth, of feeling, of
understanding, of thought, of memory,
of imagination and of discernment. All
these inner faculties are invisible and
cannot be perceived by the senses yet
they are all manifest through the effects
which they produce.
Now as to the Infinite Power which
knows no limitations: limitation itself
proves the existence of the limitless for
the limited is known through the unlim-
ited just as weakness proves the exist-
ence of power, ignorance the existence
of knowledge, poverty the existence of
wealth. Without wealth there would be
no poverty; without knowledge, no
ignorance; without light, no darkness.
Darkness itself is a proof of the existence
of light for darkness is the absence of
light.
Now concerning nature, it is but the
essential properties and necessary rela-
tions inherent in the realities of things.
Though these infinite realities are
diverse in their character yet they are
in utmost harmony and are closely con-
nected one with the other. As you
broaden your vision and the matter is
observed carefully it will become clear
that every reality is but an essential
requisite of other realities. Thus, to
harmonize and connect these diverse
and infinite realities an All-Unifying
Power is necessary that every part of
the parts of created beings may perfectly
discharge its own function. Consider for
instance, in man the whole body must be
seen in a part thereof. Note how these
diverse parts and members of the human
body are closely connected and harmoni-
ously united with each other. Every
part is the essential requisite of all the
other parts and has a function of its
own. It is the mind, that all-unifying
organ which so unites all the component
parts with each other that each dis-
charges its specific function in perfect
order and thereby cooperation and
reaction are made possible. All parts
function under certain laws which are
essential to existence. Should that all-
unifying force which directs all these
parts become disabled in any way there
is no doubt but that the constituent
parts and members would cease to
function properly. Though that all'-
unifying potency-in the temple of man
may not be sensed or seen and the reality
thereof be unknown yet by its effects it
200

