70 STAR OF THE WEST
of ten thousand, who followed his body,
borne aloft by loving hands to its rest-
ing place in the Sacred Shrine on Mount
Carmel.
"All are bereft of the merciful mel-
ody and divine call!"
The chairman said: "All of us in
spirit were among that throng of ten
thousand. 
Singing of the benediction closed the
meeting.
TEMPLE GROUNDS.
O11 Sunday morning hundreds of the
friends found their way to the village
of Wilmette, viewing with interest and
pleasure the progress of the construc-
tion of the Mashreq 'Ul-Azkar.
SUNDAY AFTERNOON.
The afternoon meeting was again at
the Auditorium Hotel. Mr. Mountfort
Mills, who presided, spoke of Palestine
in the days of reconstruction. He said:
"During my stay of a month in Pales-
tine there were certain high spots, out-
standing, that eould be readily seen.
The British government, now dominant
in that land through a mandate, has a
very difiicult and complex situation to
direct. This is owing to the various
religious sects and their intense zeal in
their various beliefs. 'Ne of the western
world think ourselves tolerant in relig-
ious matters. Perhaps our tolerance is
only indifierence. The people of the
Orient take their religion very seriously.
"There is the_ Zionist movement and
a well-defined effort, supported by the
Allies, to colonize seventy thousand
Jews in Palestine. On the other hand,
considerable friction arises on account
of feelings of intense opposition among
the Arabs. Among the English there
appears a strong conviction that the
Jews are the most progressive element
in Palestine, through their knowledge
of commerce and reforms and their
acquaintance with minerals, oils and
other undeveloped resources.
"But the foundation of difficulties in
the adjust-meiit of affairs is religious
prejudice, and this is particularly strong
against the old orthodox type of Jews.
In Palestine today are the Jew, Chris-
tian and Mohammedan. These succes-
sive civilizations, in the opinion of the
ruling powers, cannot be normally oper-
ated side by side, but must be regulated
by outside forces, superimposed.
The Bahai Movement is now coming
powerfully to the aid of those who would
bring harmony, in that its solution is
not temporary, but permanent and final.
Its central point is Haifa in Phoenecia,
on the slopes of Mount Carmel. It does
not appear as a new religion, challeng-
ing competition, but as a new light. and
a quickening of the spiritual conscious-
ness of the world. It affords a marvel-
ous solution of world problems, coming
at a time when men are wandering in
the wilderness for lack of a. panacea.
It began with the revelation of The
Beycm in Persia, swept through exile
and prison to Bagdad, Constantinople
and Acca. It is now known in all parts
of the world and what it teaches is seen
in its practical results.
"On one occasion during my recent
stay in Palestine a tea was given by
Shoghi Effendi in honor of the Gover-
nor of Palestine and other friends, in-
cluding a few from the VVest. The com-
pany included Mohammedans, among
whom were Mullahs, Jews from the East
and West and several Christians. Out-
wardly alien, all were united in thought,
spirit and action. Afterward there was
another meeting with the governor, and
therein was a cross section of all races
a.nd religions. This was due solely to
the influence of the Bahai spirit which
is back of the teachings to make. them
real. This spirit has already changed
conditions among races, nations and in-
dividuals, making them dependent upon
one another and mutually helpful."
Mrs. Schelfler and Mr. Windust sang
a duet.
Mr. Vililliain H. Randall, of Boston,
spoke on the Investigation of Reality,

