has been seeking and studying religions.
Last October, through Esperanto, the be-
loved language which opens all doors in
the Far Orient he heard the Bahai Mes-
sage. It was the very essence of the
thoughts that he had been thinking and
was the full answer to all his questions.
Recently, through the means of Es-
peranto the Bahai Message has reached
the island of Formosa. The editor of an
Esperanto paper is making it known to
his people. On May twenty-third Bahai
articles appeared in three leading Jap-
anese dailies. More and more articles
are appearing in different parts of Japan
upon the Bahai principles of universal
education, the oneness of mankind and
the fundamental oneness of religions.
Just before his ascension Abdul Baha
wrote to the new friends in Korea ,to
whom Miss Alexander had told the Glad
Tidings of Unity these stirring words:
"Your heartfelt sincere greetings have
reached Abdul Baha's ears and your
message gave great spiritual happiness.
"Praise be to God! That celestial light
guided and led you to the Sun of Real-
ity, bestowed everlasting life and granted
heavenly illumination. Ye are like seed-
lings which have been planted by the
hand of Bestowal in His spiritual rose-
garden. It is my hope that through the
warmth of the Sun of Reality, the pour-
ing down of the showers of mercy and
the wafting of t-he breezes of bestowal
ye may progress day by day so that
each one may become a blessed tree full
of leaves and flowers and may cast your
shade over great multitudes.
"The graces of the Kingdom of Aloha
are the rays of the Sun of Reality. It
illumines the earth and heavens, makes
the star a shining moon, turns the speck
into a huge mountain, bestows strength
upon the Weak, gives everlasting healing
to the sick, grants heavenly treasures to
the poor, confirms the oppressed ones to
(win) everlasting glory and turns the
people of darkness into the people of
light.
heavenly friends! The doors of
heaven have been opened, the lights of
God have.shone forth and the heavenly
call has been raised. Summon ye all
humanity to listen to this heavenly call
and invite them to the celestial world so
that. they may find a new spirit and at-
tain to a new life. In all conditions my
heart and spirit are with you."
Shoghi Effendi, since Abdul Baha/'s
departure the Guardian of the Bahai
Cause, wrote to these friends in Japan
a beautiful letter in which he says:
"As attendant and secretary" of Ab-
dul Baha "for well nigh two years after
the termination of the Great War I re-
call so vividly the radiant joy, that trans-
figured his face whenever I opened be-
fore him your supplications as well as
those of Miss Agnes Alexander. What
promises he gave us all regarding the
future of the Cause in that land at the
close of almost every supplication I read
to him! Let me state, straight-way, the
most emphatic, the most inspiring of
them all. These are his very words, that
still keep ringing in my ears: 'Japan will
turn ablaze! Japan is endowed with a
most remarkable capacity for the spread
of the C-ause of God! Japan, with (an-
other country whose name he stated. . . I)
Will take the lead in the spiritual re-
awakening of peoples and nations that
the World shall soon witness!' On an-
other occasion,--hoW vividly I recall it!
--as he reclined on his chair, with eyes
closed with bodily fatigue, he waved his
hand and uttered vigorously and cheer-
fully these words in the presence of his
friends: 'Here we are seated calm, quiet
and inactive, but the hand of the Unseen
is ever active and triumphant in lands
even as distant as Japan!' 
The Bahai friends of England have
organized their spiritual assembly that
they may deepen their unity and more
rapidly spread the heavenly teachings.
.188

