 thou Star of the West!
Star of the West


TABLETS FROM ABDUL-BAHA
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and
eternal, ere long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and s-halt spread in every
country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the 
country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form .
is small and thy voice weak,_yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become th.e object
of the attention of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the
faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the future thy subscribers will become hosts
after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy arena W111
become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-
wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper' of the world of humanity. 
all these depend upon firmness, firmness, firmness!
ye apostles of BAHA my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the Star of the West, must be edited in the
. utmost regularity, but its contents must be the p-romulgator of the Cause of 
so that both in the East and West, they may become informed with the most import- .
ant events. (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Dr. Wm. F. Slater
Carl Scheffler
Star of the West Com-mittee--Convention of 1921
Chas. Mason Remey, Chairman
Editorial Staff: Albert R. Buikema--Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi 
Honorary Member: Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
Albert Vail 1
Martha Root 
VOL.13 NO.3
Editorial from"'I'he Times of India"
January 2, 1922
ABDUL-BAHA.
In more normal times than the present
the death of Abdul-Baha, which was sorrow-
fully referred to at the Bahai Conference
in Bombay, would have stirred the feelings
of many who, without belonging to the Bahai
brotherhood, sympathize with its tenets and
admire the life work of those who rounded
it. As it is, we have learned almost by
chance of this great religious leader's death,
but that fact need not prevent us from turn-
ing aside from politics and the turmoil of
current events to consider what this man
did and what he aimed at. Most of our
readers have, we imagine, some knowledge
of the Bahai Movement and of how it has
grown from the teaching of Mirza Ali Mo-
hammed, the Bab or "Door," who in the
early part of the 19th century aroused the
fury of orthodox Islam by proclaiming him-
self as a divine messenger sent to warn the
world of the coming of the promised Mahdi
foretold by the Prophet. He was shot at
Tabriz in 1850 and later buried on Mt.
Carmel. His followers went undaunted to
a marty1*'s death, and a Persian nobleman,
Mirza Hussein Ali Nuri-later known as
ULLAH or the Glory of God--appeared
to give fresh life and a new designation to
the Movement which aimed at the union of
the religions of the world and the abolition
of all warfare and discord. As an exile in
Acca this successor of the Bab compiled
those spiritual treatises which were to guide
his followers, and delivered teaching which
spread his fame throughout the world. He
died in 1892 after appointing his son Abdul-
Baha to carry the Bahai teaching to the
West and to America.
The behest was obeyed. Abdul-Baha vis-
ited England, gave the blessing in an English
Church and preached in the City Temple,
and on the Continent and in the United
States proclaimed the message of universal
peace and brotherhood, offering spiritual
unity as the greatest human ideal to be at-
tained by using economic and political fac-
tors merely as means to that end. Many
travellers have written accounts of the pa-
triarchal dignity of Abdul-Baha. and of the
manner in which inquirers flocked to him at
Haifa or Acca, and the religion of which
he was the recognized head and which
claimed thousands of adherents in Persia

