
THE SPIRIT OF
INTER-RACIAL AMITY
Spirit of the ew Age nterr the South.
omtructive forts and arked
Progress.
By Louis G. Gregory
A BRIGHT volume of human progress
is being written by White and black
people of the South, who are working side
by side, on a dignified plane, for amity
and accord between the races. The facts
concerning these activities are not gener-
ally known in other sections, but should
be. For it is indeed heartening to know
that in Dixie Land, elements that love
God and humanity have evolved a plan
of inter-racial action which works with-
out friction. It is significant that men
and Women of both races are applying, as
far as possible, the ideals of the Sermon
on the Mount to the problems of race
adjustment.
Easy it is in this day of turmoil to let
dark news absorb the point of view. The
world is distressed by notes of discord,
which register moral decay, neglected
education, ignorance flourishing like a
green bay tree, sordid wealth fattening on
helplessness, shocking scenes of mob vio-
lence, the intensity of race and class
hatred.
But there is also a bright, sunny side
to life in every section. This is the real
side of life and will always bear watching.
The fact that there has always been an
element in the South friendly to the
colored race is very clear. The words and
deeds of such eminent men as George
Washington, Robert E. Lee, Thomas Jef-
ferson, Bishop Haygood, Henry W.
Grady, Bishop Quintard and C01. Dargan
form a record of helpfulness and good
will inspiring to any people. Perhaps the
spirit of the old, chivalrous Southerner is
well typified by Wade Hampton, Con-
federate General, Governor, and Senator
THE. CENTURY
from South Carolina. He proved his loy-
alty to his many friends, black and white,
as long as he remained in power. At the
moment of his passing to the great be-
yond these noble Words were on his lips:
"God bless my people all, white and
black!"
There is now a new element of leader-
ship in the South, spiritually the heirs at
law and successors. of the old, with a large
program and an influence far--reaching.
The recent movement toward coopera-
tion, understanding and good will found
its initiative in the brain and heart of Dr.
James H. Dillard, former president of
Tulaine University at New Orleans and
for many years superintendent of the
]eans educational fund. It was he who
called a conference of state universities
of the South with the view to harmonious
relations between the races. Because of
public sentiment at the time, caution dic-
tated a secret session. These educators
met, frankly and fully considered their
duties and responsibilities to their black
brothers and outlined definite plans of
action. The movement, with such a small
beginning, has become bold, and has
spread to all parts of the South. Not only
have the various states their inter-racial
committees, but the work has been estab-
lished in many counties as well. Eight
hundred of these counties, according to
the last report, have been organized.
Through these arms of service the two
races meet and act for the protection and
progress of their communities. A uni-
versity commission has also been organ-
ized at an annual outlay of twenty-five
thousand dollars. Sociological study
classes have been formed in the various
universities, with a special view to con-
sidering the race problems sympathetic-
ally and constructively. Young white
men are taught to avoid the reaction and
danger of race hatred and told of their
plain duty to help their fellow-beings even
though of another color.
304

