OUR TRIP TO HAIFA 295

A Street in HaiFa--The House Baha'Ullah Occupied for a Time
fact, our train ride from Egypt to Haifa
and return was most cool and comfort-
able, much more so than many a train in
America in the summer season.
A trip to the Near East, apart from
the glorious privilege of visiting Haifa, is
most fascinating. Life is so different in
the Orient, and the Orientals have many
truths to teach us. Their simplicity of
life, their calm and placid demeanor un-
der almost all circumstances, their near-
ness to God, are qualities which the
VVestern world must also acquire if it is
to maintain its sanity and health.
These qualities are of course to be
found in the highest degree in the Orien-
tal Bahais, who radiate peace and joy and
love. It is al-ways an inspiration to meet
the Oriental friends; and they seem to
feel an equal joy in meeting us. This joy
that comes from the mingling and sym-
pathetic union of the East and of the
West is one of the great blessings that
God has reserved for this marvelous
century. It has never been attained be-
fore. It is like two destined lovers who
have grown up in utter ignorance of each
other, yet all the time acquiring those
complementary qualities which are to
make their coming union rich and happy.
On the other hand, the time has come
when the unfriendly relation Which from
time immemorial has existed between the
East and the West must cease. Ever
since the conquests of Alexander the
Great the Vilestern world has sought to
dominate the East by force, cruelly ex-
ploiting it and Waxing fat and luxurious
from the industry and labor of the Asia-
tics. This is the century of justice be-
tween all men and all races; and a spirit
is rising in the East which will eventually
change this VVestern dominance. We
Were aware of this spirit in Egypt and
Palestine and Syria. Persia is alive with
it. From friends who have visited India
we get the same story. And events in
Asia Minor are but precursors of the em-
barrassment of Europe if it persists in
trying to dominate Asia.
This spirit, which disquiets most Occi-
dentals and which has given rise to much
alarmist literature, serves only as an in-
spiration to Bahais who see in it the
signs of the dawning of a new day.
Likewise events in Europe show a con-
dition desperate to the ordinary observa-
tion. So great are the hatreds now ex-
isting between the different races of Eu-
rope that it would seem as if nothing but

