302 SEVEN CITIES
himself from pride, selfishness and ambi-
tion. He must never show any si_gn of
selfishness; he must not be proud of his
education, his property or position. When
he has characterized himself With these
_attributes he will then arrive at the City
of the Investigation of God. All that he
asks God will there make manifest and
will show to him His many paths. God
Will make His illumined path clear to
him for He says: "Those who are en-
deavoring to find us and are searching af-
ter Us according to the aforementioned
conditions, it will be Our intention to
make Ourself known to them."
The traveler who starts out upon this
journey will see many changes along the
way. The wonders of God and the mys-
teries of creation will become manifest to
him and he will be informed concerning
the path of God and the path of guidance.
This is the first city, the City of Search
and Investigation, and the requirement
for this city is perfect severance--seven
ance from all save God.
II. LOVE
If we become purified from love and
hatred then we can enter into the City of
Love.
In this place the divine of
God will waft upon the traveler; his heart
will become filled with the love of God to
such an extent that he will completely
forget his personal self and will know
nothing save C-od. He will entirely for-
get himself and his own personality.
Sometimes he is grieving because of sepa-
ration and is burning and blazing with the
fire of supplication. Sometimes he is
joyous and happy. Sometimes he is griev-
ing; sometimes discouraged and restless;
sometimes perplexed and agitated. He is
anxiously awaiting his especial command
from God~waiting with all his heart and
he may sacrifice his soul and
body in the path of God. If we greatly
persecute him he will take it with utmost
joy and happiness. He will live in such
a state that he will kiss the hands of his
executioners, and is ever ready to sacri-
fice his life and property in the path of
God. If he be thrown headlong into the
fire he will be cold; if drowned in the
ocean he will be dry. This is the station
of the love of God. These are the attri-
butes of the one who has attained to the
City of Search and has entered into the
City of Love.
Question: "Will not the traveler have
a definite object, in the Manifestation of
God as the object of his love?"
Answer: Some persons pass rapidly
through these seven valleys. He who
searches for Truth, who longs to know
right from wrong, seeks to find God's
Manifestation for he realizes his inability
to understand God's Essence. He knows
there can be no salvation Without the
Manifestation of God. He wishes to find
the mystery of Manifestation, to grasp the
Center of Lights. Then he becomes a
lover of Truth.
UNITY
The third city is the City of Divine
Oneness. When rnan's heart becomes
filled with love then he sees oneness; he
does not see differences. He sees that all
things and all objects are looking toward
one center. He sees unity among man-
kind. He sees unity among the Manifes-
tations of God. He sees unity and amity
among the friends of God and he sees one
underlying principle of unity in the teach-
ings of God. He sees nothing but union
in union; he does not see differences. He
gazes upon everything in existence with
respect and homage because he considers
all as existing in God, as signs of Divinity.
He sees the rays of the Manifestation of
God enveloping all the world of existence.
He is never haughty toward anyone. He
never magnifies himself. At every instant
he feels himself living by the power of the
Almighty God. He does not wish for
himself what he does not Wish for others.
He does not say to others what he does
not Wish said to himself. This is the
station of oneness. Such persons are sail-
ing in the ark of guidance. The rays of
the beauty of God are manifest in their
faces and We can inhale the fragrances of
God from their words. These are the
characteristics of those who have attained
to this city.

