THE RELIGION OF THE 273
of Northern India the Sikhs kept alive
the flame of religious zeal and maintained
themselves as a separate nation. They
marched against the English in the Sikh-
wars of 184-5 and 1847; later became in-
tensely loyal to their English masters,
saved the Empire in 1857 and have al-
ways stood by them since.
Sikhism lays its greatest stress upon
the unity and omnipotence of God. The
way of salvation is by finding the right
Guru (Teacher). Simplicity of life, medi-
tation, good works and association with
holy men are the means.
The following excerpts from 
will illustrate the Sikh teachings:
"There is but one God whose name is
true, the Creator, the Powerful, devoid
of fear and enmity, immortal, unborn,
self-existent; by the favour of the Guru.
Repeat His name. The True One was
in the beginning; the True One was in
the primal age. The True One is now
also--the True One also shall be. . . . .
Sing and hear and put His love into your
hearts. Thus shall your sorrows be re-
moved, and you shall be absorbed in Him
who is the abode of happiness.
"Under the Guru's instruction God's
Word is heard; under the Guru's instruc-
tion is knowledge acquired; under the
Guru's instruction man learns that God
is everywhere containedknew
Him should I not describe Him?
"He cannot be described by words.
l\/Iy Guru hath explained one thing to
me--
That there is but one Bestower on all
living beings; may I not forget Him.
If I please Him, that is my place of pil-
grimage to Bakim;
If I please Him not, what ablutions shall
I make?
What can all the created beings I behold
obtain without previous good acts?
Precious stones, jewels and gems shall be
treasured up in thy heart, if thou
hearkenest to even one word of the
Guru.
By hearing the Name, truth, contentment
and divine knowledge are obtained.
Hearing the Name is equal to bathing at
the sixty-eight places of pilgrimage.
By hearing and reading it man obtaineth
honon
By hearing the Name the mind is com-
posed and fixed on God.
Nanak, the saints are ever happy.
By hearing the Name sorrow and sin are
no more."
By abir
Sing the praises of God from whom the supreme reward is obtained.
'What is devotion, what penance and austerities, what fasting and ablutions,
Unless thou knowest the way to love and serve God? 
Be not glad at the sight of prosperity and grieve not at the sight of adversity;
As is prosperity, so is adversity; what God proposeth shall be accomplished.
Saith Kabir, through the saints I now know in my heart
That the worshipper in whose heart God dwelleth, performeth the best worship.
By Shaikh arid
Humility is the word, forbearance the virtue, civility the priceless spell;
l\/lake these three thy dress, sister, and the Spouse
Shall come into thy power.
There are few saints,
Who, though Wise, are simple,
Though strong, are weak,
And, though having not, divide what they have.
Utter not one disagreeable word, since the True Lord is in all men.
Distress no one's heart; every heart is a priceless jewel.
All men's hearts are jewels; to distress them is by no means good;
If thou desirest the Beloved, distress no one's heart.

