272 STAR OF THE WEST
master of all these shepherds and I do
not like to think what they will say if
you leave this place without giving them
something.'
was indeed in a dilemma but after
thinking a moment the idea came to me
to give each shepherd a few sheep from
our own flocks. I communicated the idea
to the overseer who Was rather pleased
with it; and it was announced in a solemn
tone, and immediately acted upon. When
at last we reached home, and my act of
generosity Was related to the Blessed Per-
fection, he laughed very much over it and
said: 'We must appoint a guardian to
protect Aga--master--~from -his own lib-
erality; else, some day, he may give him-
self aWay'."
 
THE RELIGION OF THE SOLDIER-SIKHS
By Kate Kempner
I HE following article is a summary of
a little book of great interest to
Students of comparative religions: The
Religion of the Sikhs, by Dorothy Field,
in The Wisdom of the East Series; E. P.
Dutton and Company, New York.
Few of us probably know more than
the name, Sikh, which we associate with
a warlike, stalwart race of Northern In-
dia. Yet the religion of the Sikhs is one
of the most interesting existing now 1n
India. It is of particular interest because
it attempted as long as five centuries ago
to unite Islam and Hinduism. While fail-
ing in this attempt, it succeeded in bind-
ing together, like judaism of old, a whole
race into a nation by reason of their faith.
The founder of the religion, Nanak,
was born in 1469. His parents were strict
Hindus, but the boy met early with the
religious teachers and reformers of his
day and, learning Persian, became ac-
quainted with the doctrine.
When nine years old, he was to be init-
iated into his caste by a Brahman priest
but, protesting against the formality, he
composed the following hymn:
"l\/lake mercy thy cotton, contentment
thy thread, continence its knot, truth
its twist.
That would make a janen (sacred thread)
for the soul; if thou hast it, Brah-
man, then put it on me.
It will not break, nor become soiled, nor
be burned nor lost.
Blessed the man who goeth with such a
thread on his neck."
Later, Nanak lived the life of a re-
ligious from
place to place and chanting his teachings
to the accompaniment of an instrument.
made many converts among the Brah-
mans, protesting against formalism
whether Mohammedan or Hindu. He
taught the existence of an all-powerful
and loving Creator, who must be ap-
proached with sincerity and simplicity.
He discouraged ascetic practices, was
himself married, taught that true religion
was in the heart, whatever might be the
Walk in life. Before his death, in 1538,
he appointed his successor, whom he had
previously subjected to severe tests. Later
this office became hereditary.
Nine Gurus followed Nanak and spread
the doctrines which Were preached not in
Sanscrit, as the Hindu scriptures, but in
the language of the people. When the
Sikhs (disciples) became more powerful
persecution began. The fifth Guru was
martyred; the sixth took up arms. Hav-
ing always valued fine physique and
healthiness, both of mind and body, the
ensuing historic development served to
strengthen these qualities. Another Guru
was murdered by a Moghul ruler and
from that time on the bitterest enmity
existed between Sikhs and Mohamme-
dans. The last Guru died in 1708, and
the religious teachings as well as the laws
for daily life having by this time been
sufficiently and definitely stated in their
holy books, there was no need for a new
Guru. In their refuge among the hills

