The betterment of morals.
The inculcation of divine love through
the power of religion.
The essential necessity of the confirma-
tion of the Holy Spirit.
"If a person desires to work for the
progress of the world of humanity he
must turn his face to the Kingdom of
Abha (the most Glorious). That divine
power may then assist him in all his un-
dertakings and the penetration of the
Word of God Will change this nether
World into the mirror of the realm on
high." "Every plan is in need of a
power for its execution. Today the pen-
etrative power in the World of existence
is the confirmation of the Kingdom of
Ahha. Every plan and system which is
assisted by this power will be established
in the World of humanity and will be
realized among men."*
The STAR or THE will seek to
present month by month the great prin-
ciples of this universal program and
their application to World conditions.
These principles a11d the divine dynamic,
the Holy Spirit Within and behind them
are the Cause of God in the World of
today. The STAR or THE "Tsar will seek
to record the majestic progress of this
Cause in all nations and religions and
to reflect from the mirror of its pages
the rays of that Sun of Righteousness
which has arisen with universal healing
on its beams.
For the present We will publish twelve
issues a year instead of nineteen, but
there will be even more pages in a. yearly
volume for the great note of the hour is
expansion. We look to a time when this
Bahai magazine will circulate "in every
country and clime" helping to bind to-
gether the five continents into the unity
of the divine civilization.
FIRST MEETING IN
A fine audience, aglow with joy over
the great event, attended the first meet-
ing in the Bahai Temple at 'Wilmette,
near Chicago, on the afternoon of July
ninth. It was the anniversary of the
of the Bab who, seventy-two
years ago because of his universal gospel
was executed in a public square in
Tabriz, Persia. In less than a century
his teachings and those of Baha'Ullah
and Abdul Baha have shone so 
i11to the west that they have already
found expression in this great Temple
now being built in the heart of America.
On August first the Bahais held a. spir-
itual feast i11 the basement floor of the
Temple. It is a high basement with an
arched roof, a foretaste of the great
auditorium to be built under the central
dome.
13
THE BAHAI TEMPLE
Since this first meeting in the founda-
tion floor of the Temple thousands of
people from Chicago and the Middle
West have come to see the Temple. They
remark on the great size of the founda-
tions, on the magnificence of the location
overlooking Lake Michigan, on the
wonder of a Temple open to all sects and
religions.
"Tell the friends," said Abdul Baha,
"the matter of building the lilashreq
'Ul Azkar in Chicago is of supreme im-
portance. Even if it be only a single
room now it will have greater effect than
the largest temples of the future. The
most important thing in this day is the
speedy erection of the Edifice -- the
Mashreq 'Ul Azkar. Its mystery is great-
and cannot be unveiled just yet. In
the future it will be made plain."
Albert Va/il.
2

