92 STAR OF THE WEST
wisdom and the joy which his holy pres-
ence ever inspired made a vibrant thrill
of love and peace which moved every
breast. All sought his good pleasure.
And now for the first time, after the
lapse of months since the greatest sep-
aration, a convention was to he held
after the ascension of "the Light of the
Love of God, the Flame of Divine Guid-
ance and the Banner of the Most Great
Peace," His Holiness Abdul-Baha. It
was difficult to imagine in advance what
it would be like. Perhaps those who
had no preconceived notions were most
fortunate, as for them there were no
surprises. But to those hearts that were
still oppressed by the grief of separa-
tion, there Was to come, in their collec-
tive unity and understanding, the spirit
of the Glad Tidings of nineteen cen-
turies ago so powerfully renewed: "He
is risen!"
The nearness, guidance and confirma-
tion of Abdul-Baha are as tender,
powerful and effective for all purposes
as when he was present to direct in
person.
In the convention radiance and spirit-
ual attraction seemed to center around
the pilgrims recently returned from
Haifa. There were eleven of these pres-
ent: Messrs. Mills, Remey, Wilhelni,
Mcsdames Krug, True, Nourse, Misses
Culver and Katherine True, Mr. and
Mrs. John Bosch. These souls brought
to the friends a spirit of peace,
joy, assurance, submission, severance,
sacrifice and heavenly "illumination. One
of them, Mrs. Nourse, presented a gift
from the Guardian of the Cause, Shoghi
Effendi, to the convention. It was a
bunch of violets and truly a. symbol of
the Divine Fragrance radiating from
the brilliant youth Who now carries on
his shoulders the burden of the World.
Nothing can he stronger than the love
which flowed to him, as vivid accounts
of his own love, patience, me-ekness,
faith, severance, wisdom, service, devo-
tion and self-sacrifice were borne to the
friends. Nothing can be stronger, ex-
cept his 0Wn mighty love, which so Won-
derfully mirrors forth the love of Abdul-
Baha. "Wisdom is ever justified of
her children."
At each stage of the deliberations of
the friends the divine Wisdom of the
selection of Shoghi Effendi for his em-
inent station was justified. Traditions,
personal opinions and viewpoints were
set aside. Deliberation revolved around
the expressed Wishes of the youthful
Guardian of the Cause. In this atti-
tude the friends unitedly proved their
love, reverence and obedience to Abdul-
Baha. Through the youthful Guardian
of the Cause Abdul-Baha now speaks.
His voice is the music of life, the order
and harmony of the World.
Some of the brief and pointed mes-
sages sent by Shoghi Eficndi to the
Convention Were:
"Give love to all the friends. The
onc thing of im-porta-nce (is teaching.
The House of Justice will I-ooh out for
many things. Teaching is the all-im-
portant thing toclwy."
"Oar love mast be real and come
right from the heart. The friends must
be watchful and mindful and refer
troubles to the ;S'pi/ritual Council
B0-a-Ml."
"The fric-nds must teach and must he
an-iied. I the-y_ will not he united, ct-an
Abclu-l-Baho. cannot help them."
It became apparent to all that the
time of the organization of the Divine
Kingdom on earth has come and is in
process, not according to human limita-
tions, but in harmony with Supreme
Vfisdom. The dispatch of business was
facilitated at every stage by the spirit
of harmony which proved self-sacrifice.
Teaching, the Mashreq 'Ul-Azkar,
Children 's Education, the expansion of
the STAR or THE Wnsr, women's cause
in the Orient, the linking together and
concentration of all Bahai activities,
the authority given each local spiritual
assembly over the local affairs of the
Cause, ignoring geographical considera-

