THE SPIRIT OF THIS CENTURY
With Quotations and Prophecies
DR. COUE AND
SPIRITUAL HEALING
TODAY in many circles a most pop-
ular topic is the work of the French
physician, Dr. E'mile~Coue, who is teach-
ing a method of induced auto-suggestion
for the healing of physical and mental
disorders. Dr. Coue repeats to his pa-
tients certain affirmations of health, of
physical and moral betterment and en-
courages them to make the affirmations
for themselves. Thousands of people
We are told are daily reciting his gen-
eral formula: "Day by day, in every
Way, I am getting better and better."
The success of the affirmation depends,
he says, upon whether the mind and
particularly the unconscious mind be-
lieves it. If we can induce an active
faith wonderful results will follow. The
mind, he teaches, is in its most recep-
tive state just before we go to sleep and
just after we awake. Dr. Coue gives his
services freely, for the love of serving
a distressed humanity, and remarkable
cures it is said are effected, especially,
we may believe, in functional diseases,
those of nervous origin.
Dr. Coue does not as a rule go into
the realm of religion. He teaches his
patients to rely simply upon the hidden
powers of the conscious and unconscious
mind.
If faith in one's self can effect such
striking cures how much more wonder-
ful would be the results if one trusted
in "the ocean" of the "healing power"
of the Lord of all the worlds! Our sub-
conscious mind is but a drop; His Being
is an ocean: our conscious and uncon-
scious self is a ray; whereas He is the
Sun. If our spirit is strengthened when
it trusts it relies upon the
powerful and infinite Creator and His
Manifestation it may win the faith
which moves mountains. Therefore the
great spiritual educators have always
made affirmations which turn the spirit
to God and His Manifestation and open
the door of the soul to the bounties of
the Infinite. "The Lord is my Shep-
herd; I shall not want." "The Lord is
the strength of my life." can do all
things through Christ that strengtheneth
me." "It is no longer I that live, but
Christ that liveth in me."
Some of the Bahai prayers are sub-
lime affirmations, some are petitions in
the spirit of radiant faith. 'When re-
peated with conscious realization, with
joy and spiritual fragrance they
"awaken the heart, soul and spirit from
the sleep of negligence with the trumpet
of knowledge." "The darkness of error,
doubt and uncertainty will be dispelled
and the lights of knowledge and assur-
ance will encompass all the pillars of
existence." "The. healer of all thy
troubles is remembrance of Me."
Abdul Baha gives us the following
beautiful prayer of affirmation:
God, refresh and gladden my
spirit. Purify my heart. Illumine my
powers. I lay all my affairs in Thy
hand. Thou are my guide and my ref-
uge. I will not be sorrowful and 'grieved
any more. I will be a happy and joyful
251

