world' through practical ciforts; in the
economist who realizes our racial inter-
dependence; in the commercial producer
who is aware of the pragmatic result of
cooperation; in the orthodox churchman
who would ab.andon the old competitive
system in spiritual matters, no longer
trying to live a godlier life than his
neighbor but making the greater effort
to be good with others. And in the world
of fiction and verse we have many writ-
ers who are working for a larger unity:
NVell's visi.on of a World State or World
Federation; John Galsworthy who,
calling art the pacifier pleads for a closer
artistic understanding among nations
and sees in art an international agent
in bringing races together; Thomas
Hardy who sees pure literature and re-
ligion as one in that they modulate into
each other and who, alive to the failure
of the churches to rouse the spirit in a
materialistic age is seeking to link re-
ligion and science or rationality through
the medium of poetry.
Such men would teach a world Which
for centuries has played with aesthetics
as a relaxation after labor; would show
the coming generation that true art is
not a thing to beguile the hard way of
life, to soften and make lovely the rou-
tine, but rather an expression of the
superconsciousness, a channel between
mind an.d spirit. All these-efforts are
good, even if those who make the effort
are not fully aware of the spiritual con-
notation.
And in science it is possible to read
great spiritual truths clearly symbolized
in terms of scientific formula. Viscount
Haldane in "The Reign of Relativity"
declares that modern men of science real-
ize the entirety of the world--a single
whole in which fall matter and mind
alike. And the knowledge of the oneness
of the world scientifically is shown in an
article on the work of Dr. F. B. Sumner
in the July "Current Opinion." "We
need to remind ourselves that the organ-
ism is not an isolated fact in nature, but
154
is part of a complex system of interact-
ing forces. It is utterly unintelligible,
it does not even exist, except in organic
relation to the outer world."
Even in Einstein's disconcerting dis-
covery that light rays experience a curv-
ature in passing through a gravitational
field, deviating toward a heavenly body
in passing it, we can discover a symbol
of the attractional curve we must per-
form as rays in this day of the Sun of
Manifestation I
In this country we find hopeful signs
in the trend of our magazines. Such
mont-hlies as "Asia" and the "Geo-
graphical Magazine" which gather inter-
esting matter from the earth's far cor-
ners, and others such as "Our World"
which in covering every phase of world
events and activities achieves much more
than an assembling of alien facts; makes
indeed frank profession of an effort to
unite the world.
And there is much food for encour-
agement in such articles as the very sig-
nificant editorials of Dr. Frank Crane
in the July "Current Opinion," calling
the need of a revival of faith, of spir-
itual enthusiasm, a "revival whose war
cry shall be humanity." And he is
aware of the need of a prophet who will
"fire the imagination and conscience of
the race with the beauty of human
brotherhood. 
And if we see on every side a grow-
ing knowledge of the need to promote
solidarity and more or less conscious ef-
fort to build a new structure to house
the World family, we find too, scattered
chips and fragments of raw material
ready for the builders. The very lan-
guage of the day enriched and vitalized
by the words, love, brotherhood, cooper-
ation, unity, is an indication of the ma-
terial at hand. These words have be-
come part of everyone 's daily vocabul-
ary. Old words, to be sure, outgrowths
of terms coined perhaps by the first man
of vision, but relegated for so long to
the word-pouches of the poet, the mystic,

