STAR OF THE WEST 57
and other countries, has been the subject of
learned works by many writers. At his
funeral last month on Mt. Carmel, which
was attended by the British governor of
Jerusalem, many nations paid a last tribute
to the man whom all had honored and re-
spectedJudge
whether the purity, the mysticism, and the
exalted ideals of the Bahai Movement will
continue unchanged after the loss of the great
leader, or to speculate on whether the Bahai
Movement will some day become a force in
the world as great as or greater than Chris-
tianity or Islam. But we would pay a tri-
bute to the memory of a man who was a
great teacher and a great missionary, who
wielded a vast influence for good, and who,
if he was destined to see many of his ideals
seemingly shattered in the world war, re-
mained true to his convictions and to his
belief in the possibility of a reign of peace
and love and who far more effectively than
Tolstoy showed the West that religion is a
vital force that can never be disregarded.
PRESIDENT AND LEADERS OF THE SECOND ALL-INDIA BAHAI CONVENTION
Illustration from TheBoml>ay Chronicle, January 1, 1922
The Second All-India Bahai Convention
Held at Bombay, India
Bombay, India,
January 13, 1922.
To the STAR on THE Wnsr:
I have the pleasure to send you copies
of dailies of Bombay which mention
something about the Second All-India
Bahai Convention and I request you to
kindly publish them.
With love and greetings, I remain,
Yours in E1-Baha,
Merwa/n Khosrove,
Hon. Secretary.
From The Times of India, December 31,
1921.
MISSIONARIES FOR INDIA.
The sessions of the Seconcl All-India Bahai
Convention commenced its sittings on Thurs-
day morning in the Bahai Hall, Forbes
Street, When delegates from Rangoon, Ma-
dras, Surat and Persia attended. The Presi-
dent-elect, Mr. F. Banan of Shiraz, who had
specially come to attend the Convention, oc-
cupied the chair.
The chairman of the reception committee
in welcoming the delegates said that the sad
news of the passing of the great Master

