22 STAR OF THE IVEST
Every hour they contrive new intrigues and fraud, and bring forth new
calumny.
thou BAHA Protect the stronghold of Thy Cause from these
thieves and safeguard the lamps of the Kingdom from these malevolent winds!
thou BAHA Abdul-Baha did not rest a moment until he had
raised Thy Cause and the Standard of the Kingdom of Abha 'vaved over the
world. Now some people have arisen with intrigues and evil aspirations to
trample this flag in America, but my hope is in Thy confirmations. Leave me
not single, alone and oppressed! As Thou didst promise, verbally and in
writing, that Thou wouldst protect this gazelle of the pasture of Thy love from
the attacks of the hounds of hatred and animosity, and that Thou wouldst safe-
guard this persecuted sheep from the claws and teeth of the ferocious wolves,
now do I await the appearance of Thy bounties and the realization of Thy
definite promise. Thou art the true Protector, and Thou art the Lord of the
Covenant! Therefore, protect this Lamp which Thou hast lighted, from the
severe winds.
thou BAHA I have forsaken the World and its people, am heart-
broken because of the am weary. In the cage of this world I
flutter like a frightened bird and long for the flight to Thy Kingdom.
thou BAHA Make me to drink the cup of sacrifice, and free
me! Relieve me from these difficulties, hardships, afflictions and troubles!
Thou art the Assister, the Helper, the Protector and the Supporter!
Now, some of the writings, prayers and verses of the Blessed Beauty will
be mentioned in which association with the violators is forbidden 
In the Persian Commune He says: "Protect this Servant from the doubts
of the persons who have turned away from Thee and are deprived of the sea of
Thy knowledge. God, Godl Protect this Servant through Thy bounty
and generosity from the evil of Thine enemies who have broken Thy Covenant
and Testament."
In another place He says: my God, and the aim of my life! Protect
this weak one with Thy mighty hand from the voice of the 
Also He says: "Ye have taken one whom I hate to be your beloved, and my
enemy to- be your friend."
Also He says: "The company of the wicked ones increaseth sorrow, and
the association with the pious ones removes rust from the heart. The one who
desires to associate with God, let him associate with His friends; the one who
Wishes to hear the words of God, let him hear the wo-rds of His chosen ones."
Also He says: "Do not associate with the wicked, because the company
of the wicked changeth the light of life into the fire of remorse. If thou asketh
for the bounties of the Holy Sprit, associate with the pure ones, because they
have quaffed the eternal chalice from the hands of the Cupbearer of eternity."
Also He says: "The greatest of degradation is to- leave the shadow of God
and enter under the shadow of satan."
Also says: ye servants! There is nothing in this heart save the
effulgences of the splendor of the morn of meeting (with God), and it does not
speak but the absolute truth from your Lord. Therefore, do not follow self;
break not God 's Covenant and violate not His Testament. Proceed with perfect
*Na'ik--Croaker. Also refers to the calf worshipped by some of the
Israelites.

