THE PEACE WORKERS OF THE WORLD 293
patriotic and political prejudices are all
destroyers of the foundations of God and
a denial of divine truth; for God' proph-
ets were sent for the sole purpose of
creating unity and love upon earth. All
mankind has descended from Adam; all
humanity is essentially one family and
before God there is no distinction of race.
The earth has by man been divided up
with imaginary (lines) and such divisions
have been the cause of incessant strife
and the shedding of innocent blood. The
time has now arrived when all such dif-
ferences should be laid aside.
6. "The world of humanity is ever in
need of the emanations of the Holy Spirit.
If man did not receive them he would be
only an animal."
"The time has come for us all to work
for international peace. No catastrophe
can be greater than war, and in prepara-
tion for it man is taxed beyond the limit
of endurance. Europe is today nothing
but a storehouse of explosives, it is ever
on the edge of war, and a spark only is
needed to ignite a blaze that will wreck
that continent.
"The time has come for the establish-
ment of a fair arbitral court of justice for
the settlement of all international dis-
putes, and the nations must make use of
such a court, and obey its just decrees."
--From The Montreal Daily Star.

THE PEACE WORKERS OF THE
WORLD
HA MERICA is the home of the
ideals of peace," said Abdul Ba-
ha apropos of a peace meeting held in
the early days of the great War. "Its peo-
ple are peace loving and its democratic
leaders are the sowers of the seeds of
peace. I hope that a chain of similar
meetings will be organized throughout
the States wherein eloquent speakers will
expose the iniquities of War a.I1d tell of
the beauty of peace so that the World may
resound with their call to peace. This is
indeed most important.
"On the other hand, the legislators, far-
sighted peace advocates, the practical
statesmen of America must from now on
frame a code of laws and regulations to
be used as the foundation for the future
Universal Parliament of l\lan. The ini-
tial step is most diflicult and arduous and
only a free, disinterested, large--minded,
humanity-loving nation like the Ameri-
cans can perform such signal services.
The American people have had sound
judicial training and the fundamental
principles of their political institutions are
based on equality of opportunity for all
mankind. Their national and state sys-
tem of government has been, always, a
good and beneficial example for the fram-
ers of the constitution of the international
court of arbitration. In short, America
must be the principle factor in establish-
ing lasting peace among the nations of
the world. The spreading of peace ideals
must be carried on the
ground may be made ready and the hearts
prepared. The promotion of the princi-
ples of peace and the exposition of the
evils of war will ultimately lead to an
astonishing awakening on the part of the
people. Let us hope that there will be a
speedy ending of all this barbarity, this
brutal destruction and new vandalism and
that love may take the place of enmity."
One day, when he was in Ramleh,
Egypt, after viewing a procession of four-
teen French warships Abdul Baha said,
"as though talking to all the peace work-
ers and peace lovers of the world": "The
law of peace has come to stay. Vile are
living in the radiant age of peace. 'We are
daily advancing in the path of peace.
The army of peace is being recruited from
among all nations and people. Let the
peace makers know that the unconquer-
able power of God is behind them. No
government and no nation can withstand
them. With this power alone they will
be able to conquer all opposition and re-
move all stumbling blocks. From now
on less and less will be the magic spell
of war, greater and greater will be the
influence of peace.
"The day is coming when the dove of
peace will reign over all the continents,
the laws of peace will rule all nations and
the resources of war will be expended up-
on that which will be conducive to
the spiritualizing of mankind. Let all
the peace workers gather together
their scattered forces and combine

