TWO SHINING LIGHTS OF ISFAHAN 2113
down incessantly and the heavenly ban-
quet descended without interruption.
From that time the light of guidance
illumined the court of the consciousness
of that entire family and they were re-
nowned for their devotion to this Cause
and became graceful and fruit-bearing
trees in the divine rose garden.
His Holiness Baha'Ullah was after
this banished from Persia by the order
of the government. The blessed party
arrived in Bagdad in 1852 and that city
was thus for eleven years the dawning
point of the light of guidance, the cen-
ter of the diffusion of truth and the
dwelling place of the followers of pure
religion and wisdom. During this time
it was the privilege of these two broth-
ers to travel from Isfahan to Bagdad.
They attained to the meeting and near-
ness of the 'Holy Presence (of Baha-
'Ullah) and quaffed for a time from the
sweet-flowing, salubrious river of the
divine fountain-head. They became in-
toxicated with the life-giving wine of the
love of God, achieved that which they
wished and their utmost' hopes were
realized. They implored the source
of favor and bounty that they might at-
tain to the heights of glory and wealth,
and this prayer was answered.
'When they returned to Isfahan they
had become like two falcons with pow-
erful wings soaring to the apex of ma-
terial and spiritual success. They were
as new creations and a wonderful spirit
appeared in these holy temples. The
light in their faces announced the glad
tidings of the bounties and bestowals of
God. Their hearts reflected the divine
light. Their countenances were radiant
and luminous, their characters were like
a rose garden, their words gentle and
their utterances were full of the precious
gems of knowledge and spiritual sus-
ceptibilities. They were rich in the
wealth of God and independent of all
else save Him. In addition to this they
attracted attention because of their ma-
terial wealth. Their resources were
plenteous from the business in which
they were engaged and great was their
reputation. The range of their business
was extensive, they were in continual
business relations with other cities and
the important affairs of their city were
entrusted to them. They associated with
the leaders, the learned, the influential
and wealthy merchants, with the high
officials and were sought out by the
needy and dependent. They were a
refuge to the poor, a shelter for the
orphans and widows, a protection for
the failing ones, an ample treasury for
the needy, a physician's remedy for
every sick one and a help to every hun-
gry traveler. They never refused those
who asked of them and were the hope
of the hopeless. The door of their gen-
erosity was always open to every one.
For this reason, during the famine of
Isfahan these two brothers gave away
their wealth and furnished provision for
the starving, caring for and saving them
from death.
In those days the antagonism of the
people to the Bahais was very great.
The scholars of Islam called them in-
fidels and sentenced them to death and
the government at that time, willingly
or unwillingly executed them. Every
day news reached the ears of the people
of the various methods used in confiscat-
ing the property of the Bahais and in
murdering and imprisoning them. In
this persecution Isfahan led all the
cities, a wealthy and powerful Moham-
medan 1>>/Iulla there through his influence
and authority causing the murder of a
great number of Bahais. One by one
he attacked these innocent People, with
his claws and teeth tearing and biting
the harmless sheep and shedding their
blood. For this reason he was named
Zi'b, The Wolf, and his son who suc-
ceeded him was called The Son of The
Wolf. Baha/Ullah wrote for the
awakening and guidance of this person
a long and detailed epistle which is now
circulated throughout the world. It is
called The Book of the Sheikh and The
Epistle of the Son of The W'0lf.
The government of Isfahan was at
that time in the hands of a cruel and
unjust prince who destroyed many lives,
confiscated property and seemed to de-
rive special pleasure from the shedding
of the blood of the innocent and op-
pressed. If the injustice and cruelty of
this governor were told the narration
thereof would fill a large volume.

