Unquestionably the days will revive
his name.
But if the friends of Abdul-Baha
Weep, it is befitting--
Because their Weeping is reverence.
Let them weep for him, and let their
children Weep.
Let Haifa and the orphans weep.
Abdul-Baha, thou wert the father of
all,
Therefore, we Weep for thee, Abdul-
Baha.! thou hero!
In the East and in the West, thou
hast a lofty station.
In all the hearts, thou hast a supreme
place,
And on the head of beautiful Haifa,
Thou hast a shrine."
Ahmad E/fendi El-Imam spoke:
voice was raised by P'ersia (Te-
heran), repeated by Mesopotamia (Bag-
dad) and roared in Romelia (Adri-
ano-ple). Palestine sympathized with it
and opened her breast for it. Its echo
grew and expanded to Egypt, and
crossed the seas to the New World
(America). A voice arose to call the
World to love, unity and peace. The
voice Would never have been spread
among the people as electric currents,
if its source were no-t purity of purpose.
It is through the grace of the 0Wner of
this sacred home for vvhom this sorrow-
ful memorial service is held, that these
Bahai teachings have been spread
broadcast among the people.
"This meeting is not for the purpose
of discussing the religion and the teach-
ing of the one whom We have lost. We
have assembled here in order to enumer-
ate his qualities and to recall his ador-
able attributes. When We mention
Abdul-Baha, we recall sublimity of
character and firmness of determina-
tion; We recall purity of the heart and
the nobility of personality; We recall
unexcelled intelligence and Oriental
genius. Yea, when we mention Abdul-
Baha-, We recall the excellence of mor-
als, the exalted principles, and the noble
44 STAR OF THE WEST
susceptibilities. We mention him, be-
cause he loved the poor equally with the
prince; We mention him because he used
to entertain both adults and children;
we mention him because he was merci-
ful to the orphans and gave freely to
the helpless and the stranger.
"One with such glorious qualities is
certainly deserving of more than a com-
memoration. Is it not befitting for the
Jordan river to gush forth with grief;
the Bardi and the Nile to flow with
blood; the Tigris and Euphrates to boil
with sorrow; the sons of the Seine and
the Thames to tear their breasts; the
children of the Mississippi and Amazon
to rend their hearts in grief and mourn-
ing for the departure of the one Who
arose to call the people to tolerance,
brotherhood and unity so that this
World might live in happiness, com-
posure and peace'!
"If mankind across the seas and be-
yond the rivers have wept for him, it
was only repaying him in part for what
they gained of his good aims and pure
deeds. If the Orient has paid its trib-
utes and the Occident has mourned, that
was only an acknowledgment of the
perfections of this Genius of the Age,
who lived gloriously and departed gra-
ciously.
thou spirit of Abdul-Bahal We
do not think our great one whom We
have lost had any fear of death. I de-
clare before God, that for whomsoever
lives such a. perfect life, death is not
frightful. Whosoever has such charac-
teristics and virtues, his name will never
die. Nay rather, in the minds of the
people he will live forever.
"Peace be unto thee, thou pure
spirit of the one Whom We have lo-st
and the mercy of God descend upon thy
body. May mankind receive comfort
and patience in this supreme calamity
and may all live the life of the benevo-
le11t one who has departed. 'After
death, man is only a. theme. Be thou a
good theme for a narrative.' 

