270 STAR OF THE WEST
The l\/Iaster said: "This man is Asaad
Bey. When We were in Acca years ago
he came to me one day and said, 'Master,
I am the most miserable man! I am
seeking good fortune but it eludes me at
every turn. I long to be prosperous, but
ill luck pursues me. If I touch gold it
turns into copper. If I hold a green leaf
in my hand it becomes sear and yellow.
I have lost all my possessions and with
them all my faith. Please pray for me
that God may help me.' I gave him some
money and, that night, I supplicated at
the Holy Threshold of the Blessed Per-
fection that he might receive assistance.
The next day he was offered a govern-
ment position with a good salary. Then
negligence overtook him, and he became
so proud that he would not even speak
to me. When, later, a Kurdish Motosar-
ref came to Acca he intrigued against us,
carried false reports and was even so ar-
rogant as to Wish me to offer him a bribe
as the price of silence! I did not say any-
thing to him. Later he repented his
deeds."
'When We entered the hotel and while
We were drinking our coffee the Master
spoke about severance from and attach-
ment to the things of this world.
"The realization of these two opposite
attitudes in a single individual is very
rare. In the Bahai Cause it is taught
that we must devote the utmost attention
to the pursuit of our aflfairs but
at the same time be severed from all else
save God. How can the mind and heart
be entirely free, and detached from every
pursuit, yet occupied with the solution
of material problems? This is a most
subtle, question. To be in
the water and not to get wet; to go
through the fire and not to be burned-
these are opposite, irreconcilable condi-
tions. Still, in the spiritual world these
two antipodes must meet and the two
qualities of severance and attachment
must be harmoniously combined."
On our return home there was quite a
large meeting of the believers and Abdul
Baha said: Went out to return the
morning call of the German oflicer. While
I was there the Gaemmagam entered the
'room. According to what they said hun-
dreds of thousands of people have been
killed during the past few months. What
cruel minds there are! What demoniacal
hearts are found! What diabolical
thoughts are portrayed! What devilish
engines are at work! What black souls
are discovered! VVhat satanic schemes
are unearthed! What dark imaginations
are brooding over infernal plans! All
their demoniacal policies work for the de-
struction of the conqueror and the con-
quered. The countries of both sides are
laid waste. The people of the opposing
nations are butchered. The homes of the
governments are ruined and civilization
on both sides is annihilated."
It was still raining when we rode away
and picked up Mirza Mohsen at the other
end of the town. There was a heavy sea
rolling and the clean sandy beach was
constantly being Washed by the huge
waves. The sight was sublime. Many
Arabs, both men and Women were walk-
ing along, bare-foot, and carrying on their
backs heavy loads. There was one espe-
cially interesting, an Amazonian-looking
woman who carried a bed on her head, a
large mat rolled up and tied to her shoul-
ders and a child in her arms. The Mas-
ter was amused to see this because the
woman was entirely unmindful of her
load and trudged along perfectly happy
and unconcerned.
The Master said: "There are certain
forms of work which are beyond human
endurance and others which are within
it; and these greatly according to
the early environment and training of
each individual. For example, Mirza
Mohsen here, could not walk bare-footed,
as these Arabs do, on such a rainy day as
this. He would catch cold and be in bed
for a month. But the Arabs go through
it day after day and grow healthier and
stronger. The struggling, Winning, suc-
cessful man is he who accustoms himself
to the accomplishment of those things
which are considered to be beyond hu-
man endurance. Only a soul thus great
can stand the tests of life and come out
of the crucible pure and unspotted. (But)
if one cannot rise to this height he can

