AN EARLY TABLET TO PERSIA 339
In order to learn how the farrashes
were treating me the warden sent in a
new farrash. This one also in that dark
cell became captive to the Mount of God.
He stood like a statue, listening eagerly.
The warden, wondering why no sound
reached him from the dungeon came,
stealthily, near, and stood by the opening
listening for the cruel treatment of the
prisoners. Hearing nothing he rushed in
angrily and found that all the prisoners
had gathered around this prisoner and
Were listening to the Words of life. He
had a heavy club of almond Wood in his
hand and with it started beating the head
jailer striking him and his assistants so
severely that the club broke in two. Then,
with the remaining piece, he came toward
me and began striking me, saying, you
devil! Can you not keep silent even here?
Do you want to lead astray the prison
force?"
After many blows he called for a very
heavy chain, in addition to the ordinary
one already worn. He handed this collar
-to me ordering me to put it around my
neck. This poor oppressed one had been
so badly beaten that his senses were be-
numbed and instead of placing the collar
around his neck he tried to draw it over
his head, like a cap. The intoxicated
Warden seeing this burst out laughing, and
his anger passed away. He ordered the
other prisoners to be confined in a sepa-
rate cell lest all should become Bahais. I
was then chained to the other believers
and my feet were put into the same stock.
I now began to chant from memory the
Whole of the following Tablet, called the
Tablet of Praise:
"He is the Glory of the Most Glorious!
"His praise is purified above the knowl-
edge of all beings. It is exalted above
the comprehension of the creatures. These
things are reserved for the King, the
Precious, the Peerless, He who is forever
purified above the remembrance of all
others."
AN EARLY TABLET TO PERSIA
Tramlated by S/zoghi fiemii
Is The All-Glorious
TI-IOU that art aglow with the Fire that burneth in the Sacred Tree!
At this morning hour, when the Light that shineth from the Abha King-
dom is shedding its splendour upon the regions of the world and the sweet savours
of the Lord wafted from the Realms of Holiness are diffusing their fragrance
amongst the holy ones on earth, this yearning one is so stirred with the sweet
remembrance of the loved ones of God and so aflame with the desire of their meet-
ing that he finds no way to still his longings or to calm his restless soul.
A Voice is calling him from the Realm on High: servant of the sacred
Threshold of Baha! Bestir thyself and, with thy pen in thine hand, make men-
tion of that loving friend of thine that seeketh restlessly the Wiay of his Beloved
and who is so enamoured with Thee that a single drop from the Ocean of Thy lov-
ingkindness is to him the Water of Everlasting Life."
By thy life, so precious to me, I swear that I can contain myself no more and
this pen of mine can write no further nor can I guide and restrain any more my
Ponder this in thy heart and peruse this letter by the power of thine heart
an spirit.
friend! I know not what to say and write to thee. Behold! The Voice
of God so resounds from the Kingdom of Baha that the ear is wellnigh overpow-
ered with its sound, and the Universe is so shaken by the ringing call of Baha that
it may soon disrupt and burst asunder!
I can write no more.
(Signed) Abdu'l-Baha Abbas.
Translation of one of the earliest Tablets of our Beloved revealed for one of the
early pioneers of the Cause in Persia.

