Bahai movement my whole attitude to-
ward life had been skeptical and mater-
ialistic. I thought that I had absolutely
no religious faith left in me. The very
words, 'God,' 'spirit,' 'faith,' came to
have an utterly disagreeab-le connota-
tion to me. I lost my faith in everything
and everyone. The moral standards of
my early youth simply vanished, and I
was left with no standards of living,
save a strangely unavoidable devotion to
my work. For the rest--~dying seemed
better than living; life looked utterly
black to me, and I would gladly have
disappeared from existence.
"And yet, down under all that black
despair there was the faintest suggestion
of some voice of hope that would not be
utterly silenced by my own selfishness.
But it was too faint to help much. And
then, when it seemed to me that I had
come to the end of the road, and that
there was only darkness 
the light came! I heard the story of the
lives of Baha 'Ullah and Abdul Baha. I
learned how these teachers had helped
ordinary men and women to live beauti-
fully and joyfully, and I was filled with
an intense desire to know more of how
they would help me to live the things I
had dreamed of doing. All during the
following days and nights those two
great names rang in my ears, and a
glory, as of a new dawn, seemed to fill
BAHAI
LIKE one of the wandering apostles
of old, Miss Marion Jack has been
travelling from city to city in the vast
northern half of the North American
continent, quietly telling those she met
of the Glad Tidings of the new day of
unity. She has been to Alaska and the
great Northwest. Her home is in New
Brunswick. Her father was a general.
Abdul Baha often called her a general,
too. She is seeking to muster one by one
the soldiers of the army of light, who,
as the Wise Zoroaster three milleniums
my heart wherever I went. I read the
books they had Written. I talked with
men and Women who had come to love
them; and then, like a gift from an un-
seen hand, came the realization that this
glorious new vision was for me, as Well
as for the others.
"Now I know that there is no true
living except as one lives 'in God, and
for God.' Nothing is of any importance
save to do God's will, as it is revealed
by Baha 'Ullah. And the most Wonder-
ful thing of all is that through reading
and meditation and prayer power comes
to one really to make one's life over,
so that one may live joyfully, in service
to one 's brothers.
"My attitude toward life has been so
changed that I could not possibly go
back to the old standards. I know that
I am. in God's hands and that no real
harm can ever reach me. I know that
He will help me to serve Him and His
children. I know that I have come into
my F'ather's home, and that henceforth
I must strive to live as one of the chil-
dren of the Most Glorious. Because of
this, the two prayers that I pray most
earnestly are these: 'Strengthen me to
serve Thy beloved and to help those who
need Thee,' and 'May my service be ac-
ceptable to Thee, and my actions a
praise to Thee.' 
Albert Vail.
NEWS.
ago predicted would at the end of three
thousand years vanquish the forces of
darkness and set up the Kingdom of
God, "the Wise Lord" upon earth.
Recently Miss Jack has been sowing
the seeds of that Kingdom in eastern
Canada. The Hamilton Spectator con-
tains a long, beautifully written inter-
view with her, presenting with great
charm the Bahai message of world
brotherhood. It describes "her sojourn
in the little prison city of Palestine
Whither she went to sit at the feet of the
122

