This distinction between creative im-
pulse and sensitive instrument is vital.
Every literary work is like a telescope
which can be held up to the at
either end. According as we experience
literature through the limitations of
minds to respond, or the unlimited ca-
pacity and appeal of the creative im-
pulse itself, we are led to believe that
writing, like a tower, can never rise
above a certain height, or we believe
that, like a fine musical instrument, its
power grows forever with the touch of
the hand by which it is played.
It is actually as though the individ-
uals capable of producing" literature
were themselves each one a definite
number of notes on the entire, indefinite
scale of the instrument. Authors differ
vastly as to what notes sound through
their work, and what notes remain si-
lent. In one we have aesthetic sensi-
tiveness without moral discrimination;
in another able logic without feeling of
beauty. The whole of literature is far
from being literature as a whole. The
whole of literature, historically, is noth-
ing more than a long series of limited
parts, and literature as a whole can no
more be imagined from grouping to-
gether these parts than could a sound
man be imagined by one who knew only
different forms of disease.
But to externalize literature is to miss
even the ability to perceive this fact. It
is to miss even the true humility char-
acteristic of the creator, by which the
creator tends to belittle poems even
while glorifying poetry. The creative
mind is well aware that if somehow the
silent notes could be made to sound, all
that literature has done in the past
would seem by comparison nothing. He
is impatient of his own work, knowing
that its excellence is merely the power
of commanding a small field. But with-
out knowing what literature is in its
essense, our reading continually goes
astray. We travel the road of experi-
ence, but we travel backward. Vile scale
the creative power by what has actually
been created, rather than what has been
created by the creative power; which is
to measure the heavens by the highest
visible hill.
Thus it seems to most students that
Shakespeare is and must be supreme in
literature for all time. Shakespeare, it
seems, sounded all the woo/ilarble notes on
the keyboard of life. One by one he
brings every type of man and woman
upon the stage, where one by one their
inmost secrets are exquisitely, com-
pletely told. The gesture of good and
evil, power and weakness alike he ren-
dered in all its deepest significance.
But with the decay of personal ex-
perience, the very power of estimating
values passes away. We expect nothing
beyond Shakespeare, because we stand
within the superficial completeness of
the work and not within the profound
incompleteness of the man. We do not
even follow Shakespeare himself to his
own consummation, his own self-estima>>
tion as a mind transcended by power
unencompassed on every hand. But I
recall that his old age, in the person of
Prospero, deliberately broke the wand
by which all those dear enchantments
had been raised. Even about this mind
the darkness fell. Master of motives
within the range of his own experience,
Shakespeare at last paid reverent hom-
age to motives outside its ken. Break-
ing the magician's wand seems, to- the
lesser mind, merely as though the poet
withdrew from poetry in the weakness
of old age; but to the mind capable of
standing beside Shakespeare himself
the broken wand signifies nothing less
than his recognition that all human
drama had begun to crumble away with
the perception of a greater and a he-
yond. Triumph is the glory of the
lesser mind; humility is the glory of the
great. Shakespeare 's old age cannot be
taken as the guttered candle, the empty
lamp~--it was the opening of a weary
student 's window at dawn, when the
rising sun shames the candle to his own
gladdened eyes. Shakespeare knew
105

