The receipt of a tablet or a stray copy
sent from the east was enough to war-
rant a meeting. Perhaps the confima-
tion of that first little group was due in
part to the fact that, having so little
spiritual food it had to be "read,
marked, and inwardly digested" and
lived upon for weeks. Another source of
the confirmation of the Holy Spirit to
that early group was Mrs. Goodall's con-
viction even at that very early date
that the responsibility rested upon the
pioneer followers to keep the teachings
absolutely pure. Gently but firmly she
refused to permit any dilution or inter-
pretation of the Word. Inquirers were
requested simply to listen until the read-
ing was finished, then they were free to
ask questions, for information, but not
for the sake of argument. This so
became the custom of the simple meet-
ings that it was amusing sometimes to
see the concern of the believers if an
unwary beginner chanced to ask a ques-
tion that seemed somewhat out of place.
In this quiet Way was the message
spread, the home being always open to
visiting teachers or returning pilgrims,
and in 1907, Mrs. Goodall was made
supremely happy by permission to make
the long-desired visit to the Mo-st Great
Prison, to stand in the beloved Presence
and to kneel and worship at the sacred
shrine.
Sailing for Europe Mrs. Goodall and
Mrs. Cooper left Paris for Alexandria
on December 19th, arrived at Acca in
due course and were able to spend a
fortnight in that White Spot in the
peace and happiness that passeth all un-
derstanding, withdrawn from the world
that "knoweth no-t."
Leaving the Prison City on the 19th
of January, 1908, they returned home
shortly afterward and again took up the
Bahai work. Five months later came
the news of the success of the Young
gulrks' Party and the freedom of Abdul
a a.
During the absence of Mrs. Goodall
and her daughter, Mrs. Emogene Hoagg
had moved to Oakland and so assumed
the care of the meetings making her
residence temporary headquarters; but
upon Mrs. Goodall's return they were
2
resumed at the old home. Although
after the death of her husband in 1909
Mrs. Goodall and her family removed to
San Francisco to live, still the beautiful
Oakland home, that "nest of the birds
of heaven" as Abdul Baha called it, was
kept always open for the weekly meet-
ings as well as the important feasts and
anniversaries, she and her daughter
crossing the Bay regularly in order to
attend. This arrangement continued up
to the year 1918 when the residence
passed out of Mrs. Goodall's hands.
Various teachers came to Oakland
and San Francisco, heralds of the su-
preme Glad Tidings, Mrs. Lua Getsin-
ger, Mrs. I-Ioagg, Mr. Thornton Chase,
Mrs. Isabel Brittingham and others.
The Bahai groups grew and flourished
like gardens under the rain of the Holy
Spirit and the shining rays of the Sun
of Truth. The San Francisco Assembly
was organized in the spring of 1910.
-Concerning this new step Abdul Baha
wrote a tablet containing the following
message:
ye faithful friends! This Assem-
bly was organized at the right time. It
is my hope that it become a magnet of
confirmation. If it remain firm and
steadfast this Assembly will become so
illumined that it will be a full, reful-
gent moon in the horizon of everlasting
glory."
One of the momentous milestones in
the progress of the Bahai Cause in
America was the first Mashreq'Ul Azkar
Convention in Chicago in 1908. It was
called to establish an organization for
building the Bahai Temple. It became
the center of unity for the Bahais of
America, with its executive Board of
nine members. Mrs. Goodall was a
member of that Board for a number of
years.
The supreme bestowal to the friends
of the Pacific Coast came in October,
1912, when the West was blest by the
presence of the beloved Master himself.
This was indeed a heavenly event but
was entirely unexpected. In fact Mrs.
Goodall and her daughter had hurried
to Washington to meet Abdul Baha
upon his arrival in America. Accom-
panied by Miss Ella Bailey they Went
04

