Star of the West
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all
nations shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of afiection
and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened; that diversity of religion
shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be. These fruitless strifes;
these ruinous wars shall p-ass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall come."
Words of BAHA 
VOL. 13 AZAMAT 1, 7s (May 17,1922) NO. 4
The Bahai Congress for Teaching and the
Fourteenth Annual Convention
BY Louis G. Ganeoav.
THE. FEAJST OF RIZWAN.
THE delegates, alternates and visit-
ing friends, hundreds in number,
met in the banquet hall of the Audi-
torium Hotel, Chicago, Saturday eve-
ning, April 22nd, in celeb-ration of the
Feast of El-Rizwan. The signs of Par-
adise marked this historic occasion and
the Wonderful joy of kindred and stran-
gers Was an evident sign. Following an
hour spent in social communion and
getting acquainted, the friends were
seated around many tables and the mu-
sical voice of Mr. Albert R. Vail was
heard, reading with attractive heart the
heavenly Words:
my God! Make Thy Beauty to be
my food, and let Thy Presence be my
drink: Det my trust be in Thy Will
and my deeds according to Thy Com-
mand: Let my service be acceptable to
Thee and my action a praise to Thee:
Det my help come only from Thee and
ordain my home to be Thy Mansion,
boundless and holy. Thou art the
Precious, the Ever-present, the Loving.
"Glad Tidings! Glad Tidings! That
the banquet of the Lord is spread in the
assemblages of the friends!
"Glad Tidings! Glad Tidings! That
the period of bloodshed and carnage
hath passed away and the century of
Universal Peace and the gathering to-
gether of the nations of the earth hath
dawned upon us!
"The cup of giving, overflowing with
the Wine of Fulfillment, is passing
around!"
Mr. Edwin Klein played a piano solo,
and responded to an encore.
Mr. Albert R. \Vindust, presiding,
said: "Chicago is happy to welcome
you all, delegates, alternates, guests
and visiting friends, and especially
those who have just returned from the
pilgrimage to Haifa." He concluded
his brief but cordial remarks by read-
ing from the Revealed Word:
ye friends of the Blessed Beauty!
Today is the day of attraction and en-
kindlement! This day is the day of
unity and nobility. This century is the
century of the reaching of the Cause
of God and summoning the people to
the Kingdom of God! This call is the
call of ecstacy and bliss!" etc. (See
Divine Plan, page 78.)

