232 STAR OF THE WEST
politic today. Without these there can
be no progress or prosperity attained.
Therefore the friends of God must cleave
to that power which will create this love
and unity in the hearts of the sons of
men. Science cannot cure the illness of
the body politic. Science cannot create
unity and fellowship in human hearts.
Neither can patriotism nor racial preju-
dice effect a cure. It can be accom-
plished only through the divine bounties
and the spiritual bestowals which have
descended from God in this day for that
purpose.
FROM GOSPEL OF 
BY PAUL (Imus
"If we liberate our hearts from petty
selfishness, wish no ill to others, and
become clear as a diamond re-
flecting the light of truth, what a radi-
ant picture will appear in us mirroring
things as they are, Without the admix-
ture of burning desires, without the dis-
tortion of erroneous illusion, without
the agitation of sinful unrest."
"Blessed is he who has become an
embodiment of truth and loving-kind-
ness. He conquers although he may be
wounded he is glorious and happy,
although he may suffer; he is strong,
although he may break down under the
burden of his work; he is immortal,
although he may die. The essence of his
being is immortality."
"The truth is noble and sweet; the
truth can deliver you from evil. There
is no saviour in the World except the
truth."
THE COMMUNICATION or Buss
One of the Parables
"Annabhara, the slave of Sumana,
having just cut the grass on the
meadow, saw a shramana (ascetic) with
his bowl begging for food. And throw-
ing down his bundle of grass he ran
into the house and returned with the
rice that had been provided for his own
food.
"The shramana ate the rice and glad-
dened him with words of religious com-
fort.
"The daughter of Sumana, having
observed the scene from a Window, called
out: 'Good! Annabhara, good! Very
good 
"Sumana, hearing these words, in-
quired what she meant, and on being
informed about Annabhara's devotion
and the Words of comfort he had re-
ceived from the shramana, went. to his
slave and offered him money to divide
the bliss of his offering.
'My Lord,' said Annabhara, 'let me
first ask the venerable man.' And ap-
proaching the shramana, he said: 'My
master has asked me to share with him
the bliss of the offering I made you of
my allowance of rice. Is it right that I
should divide it with him?'
"The shramana replied in a parable.
He said: 'In a village of one hundred
houses a single light was burning. Then
a neighbor came with his lamp and lit
it; and in this same Way the light was
communicated from house to house and
the brightness in the village was in-
creased. Thus the light of religion may
be diffused Without'. stinting him who
communicates it. Let the bliss of thy
offering also be diffused. Divide it.'
"Annabhara returned to his master 's
house and said to him: present you,
my Lord, with a share of the bliss of
my offering. Deign to accept it.'
"Sumana accepted it and offered his
slave a sum of money, but Annabhara
replied: 'Not so, my Lord; if I accept
your money it would appear as if I sold
you my share. Bliss cannot be sold;
please accept it as a gift.'
"The master replied: 'Brother An-
nabhara, from this day forth thou shalt
be free. Live with me as my friend and
accept this present as a token of my
respect.' Gospel of Buddha":
Open Court Publishing Oo., Chicago.

