in a name, rather than to go on handi-
capping our ideal and our intention by
the equal suggestive power which in-
heres in a name that denies our ideal
and lies about our intention every time
it is spoken or written?
"Department for War," indeed!
Have we such a departmnet, in reality?
Has any people today such a depart-
ment, in fact? 'vVill any government
today admit that any part of its pur-
pose is to make War'? A
There may be remaining monarchs or
ministers who cherish a secret fondness
for Wars of aggression, but they are a
relic of the past; they do not represent
the spirit or the ideals of their own peo-
ples, or that new World-consciousness
which has set the face of the World
firmly toward peace.
Our "War are they
but policies of peace? Why then des-
ignate what actually is a Department
for Peace by an anachronistic title which
forces us to call its policies by a false
and misleading name?
THE SLAVERY TO NAMES
A department of government called
the Department for Vllar is not func-
tioning Within the meaning of its
name unless it is warring or planning
war. Yet there exists the 
tendency in every man engaged for an
expressed purpose, to feel that he must
seem to Work toward that purpose in
order to seem to be doing his duty.
There is the same tendency on the part
of other men, the public, to think that
he should so subconscious but
very potent expectancy that he will so
Work.
Thus, under constraint, from the in-
side, of a name which tells him that his
department is for war and that his busi-
ness is War; and, from the outside, of
a public expectancy created by the
same process, he is breast-
ing the current of public thought and
of his own nature. He can become no
great Warrior and is a negative agent
for peace.
No army officer today, so far as 1
know, feels that he dares to be an open
advocate of he dare join
definitely in a peace movement. He feels
constrained to talk, act and look war-
is he not in the service and
pay of war--in a department called
the Department for "Tar, and under a
cabinet minister called the Secretary for
War"? He must live up to the name of
the thing he serves, in appearance at
least. Truly, language is mighty and
will prevail. We are all slaves of the
names of things,
Consider what it would mean to have
our secretaries for War, together with
our armies and their officers, committed
definitely, publicly and by name, to our
national ideal of peace; to give them
the benefit and stimulus of a public ex-
pectancy in accordance with the public
to utilize for our ideals in-
stead of for our aversions that mental
law which constrains men, to express
the name by which they are called.
The power of suggestion is too Well
known to require comment here. School-
boys know that the public can be dei-
initely and effectively psyehologized for
an idea by giving the idea a name and
giving the name publicity. The armies
and governments of: the world can be
turned into constructive and positive,
instead of negative agents for peace, if
the nations of the world will revise the
name of one of their institutions to ae-
cord with the present functions of that
institution.
AND THE AVERAGE MAN
There is widespread doubt, amongst
average men, of the usefulness of the
army. Average men still think, because
of the name under which it operates,
that the army is for war. The average
man, because of the spirit of the times,
wants peace, not war. He wonders some-
times why we keep up such an expen-
175

