STAR OF THE WEST 91
in the greatest ignorance and the degra-
dation of the last century, when war
an.d distress were everywhere found.
The horizon became illumined by the
appearance of the Bab. He broke down
the decayed theology, receiving as his
reward imprisonment and 
Then BAHA the Beauty and
Splendor of God, appeared with irre-
sistible power. Years of imprisonment
and banishment became the cause of his
glory. The Persian and Turkish kings,
With all their pomp and power, feared
BAI-IA who used only the sword
of love, pure science and self-sacrifice.
If one becomes a truth-seeker with a
pure purpose, the light of universal
peace will be established in the heart.
Investigate and know for yourself and
thereby raise the banner of the oneness
of humanity. All phases of truth are
but as the different chapters of one
book."
The doctor made a strong plea for the
equality of men and women, giving the
teachings of Abdul-Baha, encouraging
women in the acquirement of sciences
and useful arts, and relating a humor-
ous story about the suffragettes, Whose
fierce spirit was subdued by the wisdom
and love of Abdul-Baha. He also dwelt
upon the oneness of religion, including
the teachings of all the Prophets, and
urged the necessity of overcoming racial
prejudice in America and so avert the
dangers that through internal dissen-
sions may lead to the destruction of the
land. There can be no peace where
there is hatred and prejudice. Different
colored roses add to the beauty of the
garden, and different colored men
should not hate ea-ch other. The world
moves forward to the time when there
will be one race, one people, one nation
for the whole earth.
Miss Alpha Bratton, accompanied by
Miss Williams, sang a solo and received
an enthusiastic encore.
Mrs. Corinne True spoke briefly on
the Bahai Temple and the underlying
unity of the religions of God. The com-
ing of the Kingdom is the spiritual
springtime. The great Temple is the
symbol of the oneness and singleness of
God. It is the time of revealing and
unfolding and the Sun of Truth is now
shining in its splendor. It is the King-
dom of the Father, prepared from the
foundation of the world. Abdul-Baha
wants the American friends to do great
deeds in the establishment of the King-
dom. The Light of Reality spreads. In
all parts of the world we meet people
who know the Glory. The universal
love invites all mankind to come. But
it is not only to build a beautiful build-
ing, but one in which the story of glo-
rious lives of sacrifice is also to be pre-
served.
The Mashreq 'Ul-Azkar stands for
the Kingdom of the Father and in it are
to be gathered all the children of men.
By the chairman: "The new con-
sciousness and spirit of love and unity
include all humanity. Humanity has
advanced from the time when there was
one indiscriminate horde expressing in-
dividualism. Then the family became
the unit, later the tribe and then the
nation. Now there is still more transi-
tion, in which even the national con-
sciousness is being absorbed into a world
consciousness. A great contemporary
writer, Mr. Wells, finds that the only
solvent of existing problems of the world
is a religious movement which will draw
all mankind together."
IMPRESSIONS OF THE CONVEN-
TION.
The convention of 1912 is brought
vividly to mind as we think of that of
1922. On the forhier occasion, a decade
ago, the greatest of all Bounties was
the personal presence in Chicago of His
Holiness, Abdul-Baha, Center of the
Divine Covenant. Friends and stran-
gers gathered from afar and near to
meet this world-renowned personage.
Throngs everywhere drank in his divine

