Star of the West
"We desire but the good of the world and the happinss of the nations; that all
nations shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection
and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened; that diversity of religion
shall cease and difierences of race be annulled. So it shall be. These fruitless strifes;
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall come."
Words of BAI-IA 
VOL. 13 JAMAL 1, 78 (April 28, 1922) NO. 3
Convention for Amity Between the White
and Colored Races
Springfield, Massachusetts, December 5 and 6, 1921
BY Rov WILLIAMS
IN the early part of November the
Bahais of Springfield, Massachusetts,
decided to hold a Second Race Amity
Congress. After due thought and con-
sultation a cable was sent to His Holi-
ness Abdul-Baha, asking his approval
and confirmation. Three days later the
answer arrived, "Approved; God con-
firms. This cable Was, We be-
lieve, his last Words affirming a public
service by the Bahais of America.
It was then found that many spirit-
ually advanced souls in Springfield de-
sired to assist and be one with the
Bahais in accomplishing this service.
Notable among them were Rev. A. L.
Bouldin, colored, of Loring St. Meth-
odist Church, vvhose heart Was ablaze
with the fire of love and service; also
Rev.G.R.Wal1er, Third Baptist Church,
and Rev. H. D. Denson, colored, of
another branch of Me-thodism. With
these three clergymen were several cit-
izens, among whom were Mrs. Ella
Stewart, an ardent Worker for humanity
and also an attracted soul to the beauty
of El Abha, and Mrs. H. S. Green, col-
ored, both. enlightened and advanced
women of universal perception. With
these souls the revered friends of God,
Mrs. Olive E. Kretz and Mrs. Grace
Decker, took the foremost part in organ-
izing and b-ringing to a successful ter-
mination this great in
perfect accord with the Bahais of
Springfield.
The musical program was especially
fine, being put in shape by the master-
ful hand of a real artist in the person
of Mr. Troy P. Gordum, who is known
throughout New England as the director
of many great musical events. The
negro spirituals and soloists were With
one exception furnished by or through
him.
The opening night, Monday, Decem-
ber 5, 1921, found the large auditorium
of the Central High School, which seats
1,200, with nearly every seat filled and
the audience composed almost of equal
number of both races. The program
began Without formality by the singing
of 125 voices from the balcony of a series
of negro spirituals rendered Wit-ho-u-t
accompaniment. This was most effec-
tive in stilling the incoming audience
and creating an atmosphere most heav-
enly.

