342 THE COMING SPIRITUAL RENAISSANCE
to modern society but "a change of heart
and mind, such a change as only some
powerful religious experience can bring
about. That experience awaits everyone
who will go back to the teaching of
Christ. . . . There is no people, I believe,
that would not listen gladly. No tribe is
too backward, no race too weary, no na-
tion too self-centered to give heed. The
great light which has been dimmed for
. . . . centuries . . . . would shine clear
and bright, illuminating the whole earth.
The world faith which has been the dream
of many eager and ardent imaginations
would become a reality. Behind the
League of Nations there would be a pow-
er which might very rapidly transform
aspirations into actualities, vague hopes
into glorious achievements. The greatest
victory of man over the forces of evil
would be accomplished-Article in The
Living Age on "Religion and Labor."
But where is the Christ-light, which
l\/Ir. Fyfe says has been dimmed for so
many centuries? Theologians are strug-
gling over new heresies. Division in all
great religions is increasing. Christians
try to return to Christ, but what is the
Christ teaching? Fundamentalists in-
terpret it one way; liberal ministers in a
way which is quite different. Some promi-
nent men of science question all our faith.
Historical scholars throw ancient docu-
ments into doubt. Great demonstrations
are held in l\/loscow denying all religion,
just as Baha'Ullah prophesied would hap-
pen, when he said that after the great war
religion would for a time seem to disap-
pear.
In a word, we need a new statement of
the teachings of the Divine Christ, ap-
plied to new conditions with a new out-
pouring of spiritual power. "The old
teachings," says Abdul Baha, "are insuf-
ficient for today. They cannot cure every
disease and are not an ointment for every
wound. Those heavenly admonitions of
old are greatly loved and profoundly ac-
ceptable but the intellectual aspirations
of today have advanced and demand full-
er explanations of the divine plan. There
is great need for universal enlightenment.
This need is supplied in Baha'Ullah's
teachings which are the sum of all teach-
ings. Today he who acquaints himself
with the precepts and exhortations of
Baha'Ullah and reads the Tablets of Kali-
mat, Takaliyat, Tarazat and Bisharat
will know for a certainty that they are
the essential food for humanity in this
latter day as well as the means of joining
this transitory life to the Eternal."
"There are seasons in the revelation
from God, as in the natural year, and just
as the Christ manifested the Spirit of
God in the flesh and helped the earth in
his time, now the message of Baha'Ullah
is the medicine of which the world has
much need. Baha'Ullah has a larger
message on a greater number of subjects
than any other, just as this is an age more
ready, because of the great spiritual ad-
vance made in the great kingdom of
knowledge, to understand and benefit by
his just Baha: From
Notes of l\/Irs. Thornburg-Cropper of
London.
"As to the significance of the Cause of
Baha'Ullah, know that everything which
belongs to the universal is divine and all
that is divine is certainly for the univer-
sal good. Therefore, a divine cause, for
universal good, cannot be limited to the
Orient nor to the Occident, because the
flame of the sun of Truth illumines the
East and the West and its heat is felt in
the south as well as in the north; there is
no difference between the two poles. In
the time of the manifestation of Christ
the Romans and the Greeks thought that
the Cause was especially for the Israel-
ites; they thought they had no need for
it because they saw that, according to ap-
pearances, they possessed a perfect civili-
zation and they thought that they did not
need the instructions of Christ. This
false supposition caused many people to
be deprived of its grace.
"Also know that the principles of
Christianity and the commandments of
Baha'Ullah are identical and that the
roads are the same. But every day there
is progress. There was a time when this
divine institution was in an embryonic
condition. Then it became newly born,
a child, an intelligent child. Today it has
reached maturity: its capacities, its body
are the same, but today, it is resplen-
dent, with the greatest beauty and bril-
a Tablet to a friend in
Paris.

