liumanity is being stirred and moved.
The Divine Spirit is conferring eternal
life; the heavenly lights are illumining
the hearts; the table of the Sustenance
of the Kingdom is spread and is adorned
with all kinds of foods and victualsl'
ye concourse of men! Awake!
Awake! Become mindful! Become
mindful! Open ye the seeing eyes; un-
stop the hearing ears! Hark! Hark!
The soft notes of heavenly music are
streaming down, ravishing the ears of
the people of spiritual discernment. Ere
long this transcendent light will wholly
enlighten the East and the West.' In
short, with a resounding voice, with a
miraculous power and with the magnet-
ism of the love of God teach them the
Cause of God and rest thou assured that
the Holy Spirit shall confirm thee."
"The germinating and growing trees
join the babbling brooks and the sighing
pines inlthe singing of their anthems.
May you also resuscitate the dead souls
with the waiting oi the breeze of divine
grace. Praise be to God that the bounty
and bestowal of the Blessed Perfection
are with us; his confirmation, his spiritu-
ality, his advice, his exhortations are
with us.
"He has given us an irresistible
power which all the nations of the world
cannot withstand. May you ever be
under the protection of God. May the
Almighty Father assist and protect you.
I shall never forget you. I shall ever
remember you. You will always be in
my thoughts. I hope you will not for-
get me. I trust that the ideal bonds,
the spiritual communication may ever
become stronger and firmer. These
celestial ties are eternal. Whenever I
supplicate and entreat toward the King-
dom of Abba I shall beg for you con-
firmation and assistance, that the door
of all good may be opened before your
faces so that each one of you may be-
come a sign of guidance and a flag of
peace.
"The portraits which are drawn On
the canvas of the world have become
very antiquated. Now you must become
inspired to paint new life-like portraits
in the frame of the universe with the
delicate brush of the spirit."
(Recorded and translated by 
Ahmad Sohrab.)
BAHAI NOTES
TIIERE comes to us bright news of
Miss Agnes Alexander who some
years ago carried the Bahai teachings to
Hawaii where her mother and father had
served for many years as Christian mis-
sionaries. At the beginning of the Great
War Miss Alexander went to Japan
with the news of the new application of
the Gospel of Christ to the international
problems of today,-the Bahai Glad Tid-
ings. Through the help of God she is
seeking to lay in a World of War a
foundation stone of the palace of uni-
versal peace. She does not know the
language of Japan. But she knows the
lagua.ge of the Kingdom. Her success has
been wonderful. She has gathered to-
gether a group of the young idealists of
Japan and has told them the heavenly
teachings of the new day. They have
started a magazine called "The Star of
the East" and they are aglow with the
joy of being pioneers in bringing to the
East the cause of universal brotherhood
and the most great peace. -
Miss Alexander Writes that the present
editor of "The Star of the East" is an
ardent Esperantist. For thirty years he
187

