BAHAI ORGANIZATION 327
Organization, too, will in the divine
purpose preserve the Divine Teachings.
If those, who arise to serve, however sin-
cere, construe the meaning o-f the Holy
VVords according to their own limitations,
they may gather around themselves a fol-
lowing, and in this way a multitude of
sects will divide the body of the Cause.
According to the Revelation of this day,
the words of the teacher need only be tak-
en if they agree with what is revealed on
the part of God and is recorded in Tab-
lets. The teacher may at any time be
questioned as to his authority. Should
differences arise, they can readily be cor-
rected through the degrees of organization
that the divine plan unfolds. The mat-
ter of the physical preservation of the
Books and Tablets, their correct transla-
tion into tongues other than those in
which they are revealed, their spread
among the regions of the earth,--are mat-
ters too weighty to be entrusted to indi-
vidual direction. How soon would price-
less treasures be scattered, lose their puri-
ty through alterations, and be lost to
future generations! Here again organiza-
tion proves its great value.
Organization has grown among the
friends in America over a period of years.
This has occurred in the natural order of
evolution. In the early days of the Cause
in America the few Teachings that were
then available would be read by a group
of believers, and if a stranger appeared
the Message would be historically given.
As members increased, the efforts to reach
people of different environments grew,
and meetings in public places, publica-
tions, etc., Were natural steps. With
further progress came the organization of
Committees to direct local Assembly
work. Also there came, with the plan to
erect a Mashreq'Ul-Azkar (Universal
House of Worship), the annual Conven-
tion. Its volume of business, small at
first, increased from year to year. The
service of the Convention, as a teaching
body, as a temple-builder, as a means of
unity, life and harmony among the vari-
ous Assemblies, has been blessed and
glorious! Yet its increasing responsibili-
ties have entailed division of labor; and
various Committees have been formed to
carry forward the work. Within the past
year, under the instructions of the Guar-
dian of the Cause, Assemblies throughout
America have elected from among them-
selves Spiritual Assemblies, with full con-
trol of local affairs. The National Spirit-
ual Assembly with its 
Teaching, Publications, Reviewing and
Educational Committees, has been en-
trusted with full service in all Bahai af-
fairs pertaining to America.
Bahai organization in the Orient, by
all authoritative accounts, has reached a
higher standard than has yet been pos-
sible in the Occident. There, greater
numbers and longer experience are seen;
while fiery trials and intense persecutions
from without have increased the power
and penetration of the inward love that
unifies. The happiness, peace and pros-
perity of the friends upon every plane are
inseparably linked together. Sweet is the
assurance that such a condition, in time,
will be found throughout the World. Our
Oriental brothers are ever mindful of
the Most Great Guidance and the com-
mon weal. They successfully conduct, in
a highly organized way, not only the af-
fairs of the Cause, but cooperative
enterprises of a private nature. Their
organizations are so wise and mature as
to prove a strong defense against the de-
ceitful and corrupt on the one hand, as
Well as just administration and loving
stimulus to the activities of the friends on
the other. The storehouses of the Spirit-
ual Assemblies kept the friends supplied
with food during the recent hardship and
distress caused by war, so that not one
Bahai perished for lack of food. This oc-
curred at a time when thousands of peo-
ple were starving. Such a blessing from
organization is its own eulogy.
In Persia the friends have not only a
Teaching Committee, but clubs of teach-
ers. These are organized for the purpose
of sharing experiences, avoiding duplica-
tion of effort, discussing plans for the
work and acquiring greater wisdom and
clearer guidance in delivering the Mes-
sage.
It should be clear that organization, in
the Bahai sense, is ever spiritual. Baha
is the revelation of the Abha Light in this
world for the guidance of the people. To
this end God has revealed Himself in His
Greatest hfanifestation, illumined the
earth with His Brightness in the Orb of
His Covenant, and today exercises His
tender, compassionate Guardianship over

