peared from the horizon of beings the
greatest excuse of the people was this:
they said, "Thou art only a human be-
ing like us." . . . "He is only a
human being like you." In short, they
considered the appearance of those
Manifestations of Oneness the cause of
falsehood and ground for rejection.
But after the ascension (of the Manifes-
tation) they became believers and as-
sured, for then they did not regard the
physical, human person; therefore, they
became aware of the power, evidences
and proofs of God. They became the
manifestation of, "Thy sight today is
iron-sight. 
Thus, should you kindly reflect upon
this it Would become evident that in all
ages the ascendency of the Word of God
has been after the ascension of the
Dawning Points of Lights to the su-
preme horizon. For the people, natur-
ally, are more inclined and more at-
tracted to believe i11 the invisible. In
all times, in the day of the Manifesta-
tion they rejected him, evinced pride,
found excuses, and in the abode of su-
perstitions they built their nests. When
they looked upon Him as a person who
had appeared in a human temple and
physically resembled them they became
veiled from the divine bounty.
When the eyes of Satan looked upon
the body of dust and the talis-
man of his holiness Adam he became
deprived of sight and blind to that
boundless treasure which is the great-
est bestowal of God and the noblest
human characteristic. "Thou hast
created me from fire and thou hast cre-
ated him (Adam) from clay," he said.
Now, the purpose is this, that in the
Book of I gh-am, (Baha'Ullah) considered
the human temple as a cloud and the
Divine Reality as the sun ;~"and they
shall see the Son of Man coming in the
clouds of heaven with power and great
glory." He interpreted and explained
the verse from the Gospel in the fore-
going manner.
Therefore, now is the time to become
ablaze and aflame. This is the hour of
proclamation and attraction. This is
the hour for you, like unto the sea, to
be surging; like unto the clouds, to be
flashing with lightning; like unto the
dove of the garden of faithfulness to
break forth into songs and melodies;
like unto the birds of the heaven of
eternity to be ever singing and Warb-
ling.
O, ye nightingales of the rose-garden
of guidance! O, ye messengersit of the
home of bounty! It is the time of re-
joicing and acclamation. It is the hour
of songs and anthems. Sit ye not With
hearts distressed and sleep ye not with
hearts broken. Soar ye to the apex of
sublimity. Start ye singing in the rose-
garden of guidance. Seek ye the abode
of the Merciful and the melodies of the
rose-garden of His Holiness, the Benefi-
cent.
If in this Divine spring-time ye do
not sing in what season will ye sing and
become familiar and Well-acquainted
with the roses of significances?
'thou Abul Fazl. Where is the
blaze of the fire of thy tree'? Where
is the effulgence of the light of thy love'?
Where are the Waves of thy knowledge'?
Where is the breeze of the rose-garden
of thy assurance? l/Vhere are thy melo-
dies Which cheer the ears? Where are
thy fragrances which perfume the nos-
trils of the people of the world? Where
is the attraction of thy heart"? Where
is the expansion (dilation) of thy
breast? Where are the glad-tidings of
thy spirit? Where is the glow of thy
fire and Where is the flame of thy torch?
Forsake inactivity even though in these
days inertness from the graveness of
anxieties is commended and praised.
Then come out from the corner of ob-
livion; seek the summit of acceptance;
soar in this Abha, most glorious space;
enter into the rose-garden of the Cause
of God by thy arising to diffuse the

if Literally "lapwings" or Messengers of
Solomon.
108

