THE GROWTH OF THE BAHAI CAUSE IN THE EAST
From a News Letter by Jenabe Fazel .
OF late we have received good news
of the spread of the Cause in Eska-
bad, Russia. This brought us great re-
joicing and happiness. In large gather-
ings, of from two to three thousand
people, Bahai teachers have been invited
to deliver the message and explain the
principles. The listeners have been deep-
ly attracted and have acknowledged the
greatness and potency of this peerless
Cause. l\'Iany peoples and religions have
been drawn by the power of love acknowl-
edging that in this age true religion and
the Cause of God must be in accord with
reason and science--and the only move-
ment Which today answers this need is
the Bahai Cause.
A large number of Russians, Tartars
and other tribes have become so enkin-
dled with the fire of faith in this Cause
that they have declared their belief be-
fore large gatherings and through their
action many other souls have been guided
to the shore of the sea of Oneness. Al-
ready they have arisen to lay the founda-
tion of a new Mashreq'Ul Azkar, build-
ing a new school, organizing new lecture
halls, a Bahai museum, a Bahai theater,
etc. They are more and more eager to
learn the truth and every day large groups
enter the Mashreq'Ul Azkar and con-
verse with the friends. A number of won-
derful teachers have been sent to all parts
of Russia. The Bahai newspaper, The
SZHZ of the Orient is scattering the rays of
guidance in the midst of heaven illumin-
ing the horizon of the minds of the Rus-
sian people, enlightening their hearts and
leading them to the fountainhead of
knowledge. These new Bahais are so
filled with joy and happiness that they
are like flowers of the garden and stars
rising in the heaven of truth. Their sta-
tion is very high in the estimation of the
Beloved. Every day new souls are being
drawn to the Cause.
The activities of the Cause in Cau-
casia, especially Baku are progressing
with utmost regularity and beauty. In
their meetings all kinds of religious be-
liefs, tribes, nationalities and tongues ap-
pear. Bahai teachers are ever ready to
explain to them the ideals and aims of
this Cause. The Russian people have be-
come informed of the high station and
greatness of the Bahai Cause and the
number of inquirers is so numerous that
day and night Bahai gatherings are held,
the friends of God teaching and guiding
souls.
Undoubtedly you are reading in the
newspapers the political news of Turkey
and Constantinople. However, from a
spiritual point of view the Cause is being
heralded in most marvelous manner. The
Turkish newspapers have written articles
on this Cause. The Bahai Movement
has become the focal center of a heated
discussion among the editors. This
stormy controversy started when a cele-
brated Turkish newspaperman started
in his magazine a series of articles on
the Cause which were illustrated with
photographs of Abdul Baha and the Ba-
hais of America. At the same time in
another magazine similar articles were
written, yet neither of the editors is Ba-
hai, nay, rather, they do not have a high
opinion of any of the religions of the
past. Nevertheless in their articles they
praise this Cause and call the religion of
His Holiness Baha'Ullah "The Religion
of the Nations" and the only means for
the unity and affiliation of the children of
men.
In Persia the believers of God in every
province are in utmost firmness, stead-
fastness and self--sacrif1ce. The fire of
persecution has been ignited again as in
former days, but the friends of God suf-
fer everything with patience and forbear-
ance. Probably you have heard some of
310

