246 STAR OF THE WEST
The prince became very angry at this
and with a walking-stick he struck the
King of the severely wounding
him on head, face and body, insisting
the while that he deny and curse the
Oause. But the King of the 
held his silence. The Mulla who loved
him so much was present and he per-
ceived that his friend's mouth was very
dry. He ordered water to be brought,
and with the utmost courtesy and gen-
tleness the King of the wet his
lips. The prince was exceedingly sur-
prised and said to the Mulla, "Strange
it is that even under such circumstances
as these he shows a refinement and
courtesy which are his essential char-
acteristics. 
In brief, seeing the strength of the
edifice of their faith and the firmness of
their stand in their religion the prince
in a fury ordered that those two broth-
ers be dragged away by their chains
and put in prison and that his plunder-
ing servants should strip them of their
clothes.
Raksha on his part sent a company of
his men to their home. They attacked
the women and the little children _who
were there weeping from fear and dis-
tress. They imprisoned them all in one
place and for _a long time made them
to suffer from hunger and thirst. They
plundered and confiscated all the money,
jewelry and furniture which were in
the house. In like manner they went to
their store and took everything they
could find. The prince also sent a man
to the prison to search the pockets of
the two brothers and bring him allitheir
checks, notes and receipts. He took all
their investments and everything that
was deposited in the banks. On that
same day he also claimed all their serv-
ants, who were many in number.
Now While the two brothers were in
prison many telegrams were sent by
merchants from different cities to the
prince informing him that this disturb-
ance was causing great material losses
and was a severe blow to business. The
news also came that the Shah, even, had
dispatched a telegram ordering that the
brothers be sent to Teheran. But
greediness for wealth and fear of Sheikh
Zi'b, The Wolf, and Raksha, The Snake,
finally induced him to put the two broth-
ers to death and let the responsibility
fall upon The Wolf and The Snake and
falsely to declare that the Shah 's tele-
gram was not received until after they
had been killed.
The prince all this time persistently
urged these two great souls to deny the
Cause of God, declaring that to say,
even, "We are not Bahais" would be
sufficient to save their lives. But each
time those two miracles of steadfastness
cried out loudly, "Ya Baha El-Abba!"
(O Thou Glory of the Most Glorious!)
"Our utmost desire is this, that our lives
may be a sacrifice in the path of the
love of that Manifestation of Reality and
in the spreading of His divine teach-
ings."
At last the prince offered to spare
their lives if thirteen thousand dollars
were paid to him and he gave permis-
sion for the youngest brother, Mirza Is-
mail, to go and bring the money. But
the Sheikh, The Wolf, and Raksha, The
$nake, who were anxious to have them
killed, on the eighth day of their im-
prisonment called a meeting and
brought together a large number of
Mullas and judges. All demanded and
insisted that the prince should pro-
nounce the death sentence and declared
that they would assume every responsi-
bility, in this world and in the world
to come. Whereupon the prince said,
"Then you are the murderers," and he
instructed the executioner to carry out
all the wishes of those two oppressors,
at which they ordered the executioner
to kill the two brothers immediately.
The executioner with drawn sword
appeared in the prison at a moment
when the King of the was talk-
ing to and admonishing his younger
brother thus:
brother, the original intention of
these persecutors was to kill me only.
Just say, 'My brother is a Bahai, not 
Then your life will be spared. After I
am killed take care of the family and
bring up the wronged little ones."
The Beloved of the replied,
brother, The Beloved One will give

