THE BAHAI CAUSE IN THE ORIENT 311
the sad and grievous news which has re-
cently come from Sangsar.
Sang-sar is a village ten miles from Sim-
nan, situated on the way to Khorasan,
in the east of Persia. The inhabitants of
this village are farmers, peasants and
shepherds. Like many villages in Persia
they are remote from the centers of civili-
zation and enlightenment, are prisoners
of ignorance, submerged in the ocean of
illiteracy and captive to primitive habits.
In order to illustrate the primitiveness of
these people let me relate to you a story
about them:
During his reign, Nadir Shah, who is
looked upon as the Napoleon of the East,
wished to become informed regarding the
many languages and dialects of Persia.
To gain statistics concerning this impor-
tant matter he dispatched a linguist who
was to go to diflerent parts of Persia, stay
for some time in each province, study
carefully the dialect of the people and
'wring back a comprehensive report.
After some years of travel and study
the man returned and gave his report re-
garding the dialects of each region. But
when he came to the province of Sangsar
he filled an empty gourd with pebbles
and shook it very hard. A confused
jumble of noises arose jarring the ears.
The king asked the reason for this
strange behavior and was told that this
was the language of the people of San-
gsar and that no one could learn it. This
is simply to show you how far down these
people are in the scale of civilization. One
must go and see them with his own eyes
to become convinced of their density and
ignorance.
At such a place as this a large number
accepted the Bahai Cause, embracing
with purity of heart the blessed teachings.
Shortly after their acceptance of this
truth there appeared in their behavior
and in their inner life a mighty change.
Their faces became illumined, their man-
ners were transformed, their ideas and
opinions enlightened. They were filled
with exalted ambition and spiritual en-
deavor. Like brilliant lamps and shin-
ing stars they gleamed in the dark and
gloomy night. Like a fountain of life
they gushed forth from out the desert of
ignorance. They were as a company of
nightingales surrounded by ravens or a
flock of sheep encircled by wolves or
gazelles in the midst of leopards and hye-
nas .with sharp claws.
These blessed Bahais living as they
were among those ignorant people began
establishing institutions such as a Mash-
req'Ul Azkar, a lecture hall, schools for
the education of boys and girls, etc. These
institutions were organized in utmost or-
der and perfection and a number of
teachers were brought from outside to
conduct the classes; all of which was the
cause of wonder and astonishment to the
enlightened people of the surrounding
country. It is related that a young, edu-
cated Persian of the new regime who re-
gretted exceedingly the decadence and
backwardness of Persia, in passing by the
town of Sangsar and witnessing the won-
derful school was astonished at the pene-
trative word and creative effect of the
teaching of His Holiness Baha'Ullah and
cried out, "Verily, this is the truth l"
This person was the writer of a Persian
Almanac and he . . . . saw the fine school
in such a poor and wretched community,
which to him seemed very extraordinary.
He inquired as to who was the founder of
the school and was told that it belonged
to the Bahais who had founded it in ac-
cordance with the instructions of His
Highness Baha'Ullah who taught his dis-
ciples that education is the greatest re-
ligious duty of this age. This man was so
rejoiced that he immediately acknowl-
edged the inliuence of this true religion
and its penetrative effect upon civiliza-
tion.
The Bahai community in Sangsar is
quite large and is looked upon throughout
Persia as an important center. Of late,
because the school building was not large
enough to accommodate all the students
the Bahais secured donations among
themselves and with greatest sacrifice
raised a fund to build a new school. This
second edifice was of utmost beauty and
included much modern equipment. The
Bahais were so enthusiastic that many of
them worked as masons and laborers in

