312 THE BAHAI CAUSE IN THE EAST
its construction giving up their h-ours of
rest. Imagine how these peasants
worked in the fields, tended flocks, or en-
gaged in other branches of agriculture in
order to raise the money to advance the
cause of education! This is indeed Worthy
of highest praise!
Now, instead of their example becom-
ing contagious and others taking advan-
tage of this sacrifice for general progress
and enlightenment the fire of envy and
hatred was enkindled and the banner of
oppression was unfurled against the Ba-
hais, creating tumult and commotion.
One cablegram after another was sent to
the Governor asking the authorities to
exterminate the Bahais. The enemies of
the Cause at the Capital cooperated with
those at home and compelled the govern-
ment to issue an order that the school
building of the" Bahais be razed to the
ground and their community scattered.
When this order was received the
rabble gathered and, assisted Iby the gen-
darmes, surrounded the Bahais and en-
gaged in their destruction. Although the
Bahais were fully capable of defending
themselves yet, inasmuch as a fundamen-
tal principle of this blessed Cause is
peace, love and non-resistance, Baha' Ul-
lah commanding his followers that, "It is
better to be killed than to kill", and inas-
much as obedience to the law of the
government is one of the greatest duties
of Bahais, those believers stood firm, tried
to advise and exhort the people of rebel-
lion, beseeching them not to harm the
Women and children, quoting to them
verses from the sacred books--but to no
avail. These exhortations had no effect.
In short, that school building which was
the embodiment of the exalted hopes of
the Bahais was sprinkled with gasoline
and burned, the flames and smoke rising
to the clouds and causing great sorrow to
the hearts of men, women and children.
The enemies gathered the believers in
one place, did not give them any bread or
water, and pillaged all their property.
Finally they were obliged to go into the
country and plains, homeless Wanderers
with no place to lay their heads. A num-
ber of the friends took refuge in the gov-
ernment telegraph house, but the populace
surrounded the building and forced the
authorities to expel the oppressed friends
and as they left the building they were
beaten with stones and rocks to such an
extent that their bodies were covered with
wounds.
They were forced to escape from the
town into caves inithe surrounding coun-
try. the people of oppression in Sangsar
uniting with those of other villages and
with the help of corrupt authorities com-
mitting this terrible crime, heaping the fire
of persecution upon the' Bahais whose
work had changed that town into a para-
dise. They stood in the first rank among
people of progress and their memory will
be preserved for all future ages. Posterity
will not forget their non-resistance, spirit-
ua'lity and high-mindedness nor will it
forget the oppression, tyranny and injus-
tice of the people of darkness.
During the last eight years the activities
of the Bahais in Persia have been based
upon this same foundation of truth and
sincerity, yet they have become familiar
with these trials and ordeals, acquainted
with prison, exile and persecution. Like
waves these sufferings have descended
upon them uninterruptedly.
Were there some influential men or
humanitarian institutions who could find
a Way by which in the future these heart-
rending events might not occur and these
cruel acts be forbidden undoubtedly this
would be looked upon as a great service
to the world and an incentive to freedom
of conscience and to human progress.
arena"

