IN PALESTINE DURING THE GREAT WAR 269
then they lamented also, and more bitter-
ly even than he, for now they knew that
it was no enemy they had fought, but
their own brothers they had so blindly
attacked and so unwittingly harmed.
Even so the strife in which we are all
engaged, even now--strife political, strife
economic, strife social, strife religious.
This is not an ordinary strife; like the
battle of the four brothers, it is the uni-
versal combat which precedes mutual
recognition and prepares for the Most
Great Peace in the heart: of men. For
there is no recognition possible between
the strangeness of our customs and the
intensity of our desires, but recognition
is in and through the common fatherhood
of God, reconciliation is in and through
obedience to the one universal Will.
Let us not be dismayed by this frantic
confusion of strife. It is the final and
complete expression of divine love, com-
pelling humanity to destroy the founda-
tions of its own injustice and greed. Were
there to be no such universally disastrous
consequences of age--1ong injustice, the
divine compassion Would be entirely ab-
sent from the arena of human affairs.
This period of universally disastrous con-
sequences is that Which they have ever
warned humanity, the witnesses of God
from age to age. All the spiritual wit-
nesses return in this age of fulfillment.
They speak in the voice of Abdul Baha.

FROM TI-IE DIARY OF MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Written in Palestine During the Great War
Ill
IN the evening, when the believers were
sitting in his benign presence, Abdul
Baha said: "All the people are sacrific-
ing their lives for the sake of the worth-
less (valueless) earth. They are not
adorers of God, but worshippers of the
ground. Were they giving up their lives
in the path of God the results would be
everlasting. But now what benefits do
they receive? If one soul is martyred
for the sake of Truth eternally will he
shine from the horizon of glory. Yet, dur-
ing the last six months probably more than
one million living, breathing youths have
been left on thebattlefields,dead, and soon
their names will be forgotten! In a few
years who will care to know about them
as individuals? The historians of each
country will no doubt compile the history
of the salient events of this tremendous
struggle, for the benefit of the reading
public, but the public as a mass is indif-
ferent, heedless and forgetful. Only the
noble minds of a few will grasp the gener-
al meaning of these world-shaking events.
Our hope is that the differences will be
settled soon and friendly relations based
upon sound and permanent foundations
will be established."

An old man passed by. The Master
called him and asked after his health.
Then he put into the palm of his hand an
English pound, and prayed for him thus:
"May thy body be at peace, thy mind be
at peace, thy thoughts be at peace, thy
soul be at peace and thy spirit be at
peace."
When he left, the Master said: "The
name of this old man is Rustam Efiendi.
He has served me in many ways. He has
now become very poor. I was looking
for an opportunity to help him and this
was the proper time."
While he was talking a carriage stopped
in the middle of the street and the stout
occupant jumped down and came toward
us. He greeted the Master; then, after
a few words, he returned to his carriage.

