82 STAR OF THE WEST
until, by the Grace of God, having gained health, strength, self-confidence and
spiritual energy, and having taken into my hands, in accordance with my aim
and desire, entirely and regularly the Work of service, I shall attain to my utmost
Spiritual hope and aspiration" The servant of His Threshold,
(April, 1922,) (Signed) SHOGHI.
Letter from the Greatest Holy Leaf, Bahaeyeh Kh-(mu-m-, sent to the Editors of
the STAR or THE WEST:
He ls God!
To the servants of the Blessed Beauty
and the dear friends of His Holi-
ness Abdul-Baha!
Although the hearts of the people 
of Baha are intensely burning on -Q/vb 

sobbing and sighing of the friends  0&5 
have reached the ears of the Supreme   . 1; 
Concourse and the Hosts of Holiness 12?, 
in the Abha (Most Glorious) P'ara- 
dise, yet, because this day is the day  
Ur 
of service and this hour is the hour . . 
of diffusing' the frag'ranceS, the  
friends of God must, like a bright 

1
flame, arise in service to the Cause 
of God and surpass one another (in r"  
service). They should be like pene- . 

trating meteors, expelling every dis-


loyal covenant-breaker, in order that
in the Preserved Tablet of God, they  
may be recorded With the group Who 
has fulfilled the Covenant and Testa- ?3'/Lt 3 I   
ment of God. 
His Holiness, the Guardian Cause of God, the Primal Branch, 
the joy of the people of Baha--~ fl 1'-1 .- 
Shoghi of this great 
calamity, most painful event, infinite ff/, -1,  .-I . 5 ..
sorrow and the severity of the ef-  'ii/"0 01"' 
feet upon desired to 
travel for several days, that he may
regain his health and have rest. Then
he Will return to the Holy Threshold,
arise in service to the Cause of God
and perform his duties.
According to a letter written by
his own hand, which is enclosed, he


W1.  
Fac-simile of Letter from Bahaeyeh Khanum,
the Greatest Holy Leaf
has appointed this prisoner to supervise
and manage the affairs of the Cause, through consultation with the Holy Family,
during' his absence. Therefore, this perishable one, temporarily, has organized

