THE SPIRIT OF THE CENTURY
SIGNS OF THE TIMES
the business world is awake to
the fact that this world is one home
is shown by the formation, nearly three
years ago of an International Chamber
of Commerce. "Economic facts . . . are
teaching that the world is one commu-
nity," is a statement made in an article
about this organization in Our World.

We read with interest of a new organi-
zation whose object is to promote world
friendship. This is the International ed-
eration of University Vllomen. We quote
from an article in Our World by the presi-
dent of this organization. "The Federa-
tion is a society formed of associations of
educated and thoughtful people in various
countries banded together in a determined
effort to substitute mutual knowledge,
sympathy and confidence for the ignor-
ance, jealousy and suspicion that have
hitherto characterized international rela-
tions."
Dr. john H. Finley, editor of the aw
York Timer, has proposed that the inter-
national debt arising from the world War
be converted into a perpetual trust fund
for the education of the children of the
world. Dr. Finley points out that the
children born during and shortly before
the war are the greatest suiferers from
the War. He says, "V\le should have a
world plan for giving the children an ele-
mentary chance to enjoy the freeing of
the soul, which is, with the unity of man-
kind, the ideal state. . . . Ten million chil-
dren a year taught the best that has been
delivered unto men or invented by man-
kind, and led, in that tuition, toward the
conscious unity of the race, toward plane-
tary consciousness! Has a more stirring
opportunity been offered to any people
than is ours, in the refunding of this great
war debt in such a way as to make it a
blessing, when it can be paid, to the next
generation or generations, instead oi a
crushing burden to the tax-paying genera-
tion of the present." Would not this be
a great step in carrying out Baha'Ullah's
teaching of universal education, the pro-
motion of the unity of mankind and the
abolition of War.
Bertha C. Hyde.
THE PROBLEM OF
UNEMPLOYMENT
NORRIAN Angeli begins a review, in
the Liberal Daily Herald, of  A.
Hobson's latest book, The Economic: of
Unemployment, with the following imag-
inary quotation from a Martian account
of Europe and America in 1922:
"They had learned to make things in
abundance, and then perished for want
of things of which they had too many.
People went in rags because there was too
much wool and cotton and too many spin-
ners and tailors to make it into clothes.
They suffered, these underfed and under-
clothed and inadequately housed people,
from What they humorously called 'over-
production' of things of which they were
in crying need. And they were perpet-
ually resorting to tricks to reduce produc-
tion, or escape its dangers, by protection-
ist 'tariPfs, restrictions by trusts and trades
unions.
"Hobson's theory is that too small a
proportion of what the worker produces
goes into immediate consumption, and
too large a proportion into profits, rein-
vested in machinery for making more
things which cannot be consumed. . . . It
is the margin of the large incomes that
are perpetually reinvested and thereby
cause an overproduction of articles that
the workers, who form the mass of con-
sumers, are unable to obtain. . . . He pro-
poses two general remedies: first, raising
340

