purpose and against any, people; it
demands definite organization for peace.
. . . The most pressing reform of
our time is to abolish war and to estab-
lish exclusively peaceful means of set-
tling disputes and promoting coopera-
tion among the nations."
Next March the fifth Pan-American
Congress will be held at Santiago, Chile.
Reduction of armaments, an American
League of Nations and measures for
combating the use of alcoholic beverages
will be discussed.
"The League of Nations cannot bring
the millenium. It is powerless to solve,
or even deal with, some of the most men-
acing problems that confront us. But
here is a cooperative, world movement,
the first of its kind in 
mond B. Fosdick.
HOPEFUL SIGNS
ADIONG the hopeful signs of the ap-
proach of world peace, writes Dr.
Fosdick in the Atlantic is the
"habit of conference" which the series
of international peace conferences is
developing. He tells us that conference
and consultation are actually helping to
smooth out some of the World's difficul-
ties. The League has sponsored confer-
ences on such questions as passports,
communication and transit, typhus
epidemic, suppression of international
opium traffic, feeding of Russian refu-
gees, return of prisoners of war. "In
brief," he says, "the world has been
slowly developing the tradition of con-
ference. . . . No one could claim
that the lesson is perfectly learned.
. . . It marks a new train of thought,
a new method of approach, a new habit.
. . . Who knows but that this habit
of conference. . . will gradually sup-
plant the old order of misunderstanding
and conflict."
A new weekly called'W01"l0l Peace,
published in Calcutta, India, has in a
recent issue an article entitled "How
World Peace Will Come." The article
contains the following quotation:
"The longing of Christians for the
second coming of Christ, of the follow-
ers of Lord Buddha for the appearance
of Lord Maitreya, of the Mahomedans
for the coming of Imam Mehedi, and of
the Hindus for the return of Sree
Krishna in the person of Lord Kalki to
spiritualize them, to transform them, to
purify them and to make a heaven of
earth is more pronounced than ever
before. People are eager to believe for
the joy of believing. This belief is
growing and spreading. People in their
helplessness are looking up to heaven for
a Savior. This expectation of the com-
ing of a World Teacher embodies in it
the highest hope and the noblest aspira-
tion of humanity. It is a sure indica-
tion of the great spiritual height to
which man has risen. And, indeed, this
growing belief and longing, this hope and
expectation are a sure indication that
He, Whom a vast number is looking for,
makes His appearance very soon. The
angels of Heaven are in every land
working for the coming of the Kingdom
of God. They are taking immense pains
for preparing the ground. They are
getting ready for the final consumma-
tion. A vast number of associations and
public bodies have sprung into exist-
ence, each working in some department
or other of the vast work that lies ahead
but all toward the same goal of Univer-
sal Brotherhood. We might here men-
tion a few out of many. The first place
of honor must be given to that body of
men and women, the followers of the
Great Rishis Baha'Ullah and Abdul
Baha who are working indefatigably
to spread the ideas of Universal Religion
and Universal Brotherhood. Then, there
are the Millenial Dawners in America,
who are spreading, on the strength of
Biblical prophesies, the message of God's
Kingdom on earth being established in
thevery near future. Within the fold
of Christianity, there are the Seventh
Day Aventists, who are spreading a vast
amount of literature bearing on the
question of World Peace. Then, there

l-5
-1

