STAR or THE WEST 285
THE STAR OF THE NEW YEAR
Star of the West is a n1agazine of the new year, the new cycle, the new
age. year is the expression of a cycle (of the sun); but now is the be-
ginning of a cycle of new cycle, a new age, a new century, a new time,
a new year." Our Star of the West will reflect the light of the new cycle with
articles from all lands and religions revealing the unity of mankind, bringing to
light "the historical, religious, racial knowledge which will be oi utmost value to
Bahai teachers" and all those who are working for universal brotherhood and
universal religion all over the world. Our Bahai magazine Will apply--through the
words of Baha'Ullah and Abdul Baha which transmit the very water of life and
create "a new eye, a new ear, a new heart and a new mind"--the divine teachings
to the world problems of the hour. Our endeavor will be to grow month by
month nearer to the ideal which Abdul Baha described for his Star of the West.
"Endeavor ye," he wrote, "to publish such valuable, interesting and instructive
articles as to give joy and fragrance to the friends in all parts of the world." "The
publication of the Star of the ert is conducive to the happiness and beatitude of
the friends for it is a clear mirror in which the pictures of the events and hap-
penings in the Cause and the news of the progress of the Kingdom throughout
the world are reflected and can be observed. Praise flows from the tongue of
every growing and firm believer after reading it, for he becomes informed of
events and thoughts. Unquestionably this publication will serve the world of
humanity. If it is continued, its arena will become broadened and it will attain
to such a station as to bring about the unity of the East and the VVest."
One of the best ways to spread the Cause of God is to take extra subscriptions
to this herald of the new age a-nd to give them to those who are longing for the
universal light, who are looking for the Kingdom of God. The Stew" of the est
will give a progressive introduction to the divine teachings. Subscriptions are now
coming in rapidly. The recent Teaching Convention in San Francisco voted to
double or treble in the next year the subscriptions in the Western States, for the
Star of the West is a teacher of the glad tidings. We want to have at least a
thousand new subscribers that we may realize the glorious plan which Abdul
Baha and Shoghi Elfendi have laid before us. . Each copy of the Star of the West
will go forth a herald of the most great peace.
OUR NEW SUBSCRIPTION OFFERS
Five months' subscription to a new subscriber, $1.00. Two subscriptions to
one address, $5.00. Ten subscriptions to one address, $22.00 (in America). Two
subscriptions, one to come each month, one to be sent in a bound volume at, the
end of the year, $5.50 for the two subscriptions, bound volume in cloth; $5.75
for the two subscriptions, bound volume in leather; postage for bound volume
additional. Single copies 25 cents each, or ten copies to one address, $2.00.
SPECIAL ISSUES OF THE STAR OF THE WEST
The Life of Baha'UIIah Vol. 8, No. 11
The Ascension of Abdul Baha Vol. 12, No. 17
The Spirit of Abdul Baha Vol. 13, No. 6 and 7
The Real l\/leaning of Christ's Return Vol. 13, No. 6
Abdul Baha's Vi/onderful Proof of God's 
Tablet to Prof. Forel Vol. 13, No. 8

