SEVEN CITIES 301
my God! Thou art He who hath
ever been the King and the Creator of
the universe, the Ruler and the Maker
of living beings. Thou art He Whose
mercy surpasseth all things and whose
favor is greater than all that is in heaven
and earth. Verily, Thou art the Omnipo-
tent, the Mighty, the Supreme, the Be-
loved, the Wise. Therefore, my God!
I am sheltered by Thy dominion and
power and protected by Thy grace and
favor. Deprive me not of Thy mercy
and favor and keep me not from the rose
garden of Thy love and mentioning.
Verily, Thou art the Omnipotent, the Be-
loved, and to Thy servants Thou art the
Clement!
(Signed) 152 (Baha) Seal (Hussein Ali)
Translated by Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi.
Note: A photograph of the original
of this Tablet appears in the Persian sec-
tion, on page 317 of this issue. It 1s
signed by numbers which represent the
name "Baha", a code form used in the
days of persecution, and by the seal of
Baha'Ullah (Hussein Ali).
-E 
SEVEN CITIES IN THE SPIRITUAL JOURNEY TO GOD
Compiled from an Address by Jenabe Fazel
BAHNULLAH wrote two books each
of which he called The Swen Val-
leys. They were revealed at the request of
an Islamic philosopher, one of the Sufis.
This man was attracted to the Cause
when Baha'Ullah was living at Somereh.
He asked Baha'Ullah many questions and
many epistles were revealed in reply to
these questions. The Persian Seven Val-
leys has been translated into English. It
is the untranslated Arabic one which I
will explain to you.
The title of this book is The Seven
Citier. It describes the spiritual journey
of those who Wish to approach God. It
begins in this Way:
thou traveler in the path of justice!
ye who are gazing toward the beauty
of God! Your letter has been received.
I carefully read your questions and heard
the melodies which emanated from the
tabernacle of your heart. The clouds of
the will of God are rising that the rain
of Wisdom may shower upon you and
wash away that which you have received
from others." That is to say, you will
be purified from previous ideas and incli-
nations and prejudices; your attitude will
be changed and you will be led to the
oneness of the mind of God and guided
to the holy law of God in order that you
may drink from this eternal river and
your soul may become tranquil, your
thirst may be quenched, your heart be
made ready and you may become one of
those who are lighted by the illumination
of God.
I. INVESTIGATION
If the traveler wishes to accomplish this
journey and attain to the mysteries of
God and pass through all these stages of
God he must first of all enter into the
City of Investigation. When he enters
this city of Search or Investigation he
must sever himself from everything but
God. He must become selfless and lose
his will in the will of God, must pass
over everything which is in earth and
heaven. There must be in his heart no
hatred of anyone neither especial attach-
ment to anyone. That is to say, he must
love all humanity impartially, not having
special love for special people since this
love or hatred might prevent him from
attaining to reality.
Another thing which is incumbent up-
on the traveler is that he should purify

