BAHAI ORGANIZATION 325
In a Tablet addressed to the delegates
to the first Bahai Temple Unity Conven-
tion in 1909 Abdul Baha wrote:
. "Now is the commencement of organi-
zation; hence every affair concerning the
Kingdom of God is of paramount impor-
tance. Among the most important affairs
is the founding of the 
although weak minds may not grasp its
importance, nay perchance they imagine
this to be a temple like other temples.
They say to themselves--every nation
has a hundred thousand gigantic temples,
what result have they yielded that now
this one Mashr-eq'Ul-Azkar (is said) to
cause the manifestation of signs and prove
a source of Lights? But they are igno-
rant of the fact that the founding of this
is to be in the incep-
tion of the organization of the Kingdom."
The Guardian of the Cause, Shoghi Ef-
fendi, reafiirms the need of organization
in his luminous epistle to the American
friends, 5, 1922, and quotes the
following from the Writings of Abdul
Baha:
"It is incumbent upon every one not
to take any step without consulting the
Spiritual Assembly, and they must assur-
edly obey with heart and soul its bidding
and be submissive unto it that things
may be properly ordered and well ar-
ranged. Otherwise every person Will act
independently and after his own judg-
rnent, will follow his own desire and do
harm to the Cause."
"In this day Assen-rblies.of Consulta-
tion are of the greatest importance and
a vital necessity. Obedience unto them
is essential and obligatory. The members
thereof must take counsel together in
such wise that no occasion for ill feeling
or discord may arise. This can be at-
tained when every member expresseth
with absolute freedom his own opinion
and setteth forth his argument. Should
any one oppose, he must on no account
feel hurt, for not until matters are fully
discussed can the right way be revealed.
The shining spark of Truth cometh forth
only after the clash of differing opinions.
If after discussion a decision be carried
unanimously, well and good. But if, the
Lord forbid, difference of opinion should
arise, a majority of voices must prevail."
The foundation of organization in the
Divine Cause is powerfully laid in the
above extracts from the Holy and Creat-
ive Words, and many others that may be
Hted. Deeply impressive is not only the
frequent recurrence of the term organiza-
tion, but also the greatness and scope
of what Divine Wisdom now plans and
confirms. Organization becomes a vital
element in the new creation. As the
Revelation of Baha'Ullah brings to light
everything needed for the elevation and
progress of humanity--the power of or-
ganization, through the that organ-
izes, will reach maturity and perfection.
It is known that some misapprehension
exists as to the need of organization in
the Cause. This has grown out of a
widely circulated statement, attributed to
Abdul Baha, that the Bahai Cause could
never be organized. The true statement
was, as corrected by Abdul Baha, that the
Bahai Cause can never be rigidly organ-
ized; it can never be confined to an
organization. The context of the state-
ment tells why, namely: "It is the Spirit
of the Age, the essence of all the highest
ideals of the century."
At Haifa, Syria, in 1920, the following
question was asked Abdul Baha by some
American pilgrims:
"It is misleading, is it not, to say that
the Bahai Cause cannot be organized 
Abdul Baha replied: "How is it possi-
ble that there should be no organization?
Even in a household if there is not organi-
zation there Will be hopeless confusion.
Then what about the World? is
meant is that organization is not rigid!
In ancient times it was rigid. In the
Torah all the political affairs were rigidly
fixed, but in this Cause they were not.
In this Cause there is political freedorn--
in each time the House of ]ustice is
free to decide in accordance with what is
deemed expedient. This is a brief ex-
planation of the matter."
As the spirit of oneness is in all the
Divine Utterances, the perceiving mind
can readily discern the harmony of this
statement with the many other Words
of the l\/lanifestation and the Center of
the Covenant, creating organization.
It must be evident that the mysterious
dynamic of the Bahai Cause, its holy
ideals, its supreme Wisdom, its transcend-

