of loss. Tl1us attachment to material
things, betraying them, becomes the
cause of their rejecting' the Holy Spirit;
and this applies to those predominant in
the accepted religion, art, science and
philosophy as well as those predominant
in industry and other practical affairs.
For the Holy Spirit to be known must
be sought above all that is. To prevent
the operation of the new forces, the
deniers of God direct their violence
against one and then another groupiwhich
they consider to be the source and cause,
arriving by a sure instinct at the perse-
cution of those mo-st imbued with the
Holy Spirit, and if possible, of Him who
is its center and perfect cause. Thus it
was in the day of Christ; and those who
understand the genius of history under-
neath its changing appearances can trace
the same character and quality of events
in the day of all the prophets and mes-
sengers.
But this rejection, increasing violence
on the one hand and faith on the other,
fails of its purpose from the first, being
unwittingly but agents that carry out the
mysterious purposes of the Divine \Vill.
For there appears another mystery in
the coming of the Manifestation: that the
Holy Spirit both creates and destroys.
That which it creates is the life of the
inner being; that which it destroys are
the veils of attachment to outer being;
it destroys the foundation of injustice,
ignorance a.nd hate, and this in reality
is a divine blessing though in appearance
it is hardship and punishment. Had the
people in the time of Christ realized the
purpose of the Holy Spirit in and
through his life and teaching, its power
would have expressed its predominance
through construction a than
through destruction, for material things
are not evil in themselves but are evil
only as they attract and delude the soul
from its true direction. As a small piece
of iron near the compass will deflect the
needle from the true Pole. so one per-
sonal desire retained within the soul di-
136
verts the soul 's vision downward.
But as the Holy Spirit. is brought into
the World from outside the World, so is
its afterward Withdrawn into its own
sphere. Then its influence becomes
wholly secondary: that is, its spirit.ualiz-
ing effects are measured by the degree in
which it was received consciously into
the hearts of people. Even though
known and accepted consciously by a
very few, a certain measure of spiritual-
ity, knowlodge, justice, kindliness and
freedom can be observed in the world
which previously did not exist. For the
power of the Holy Spirit, perfect and
unconditioned in itself, becomes imper-
feet and conditioned in its effects. Re-
ligion, which in the day of the Manifes-
tation is a secret essence distilled in the
heart, gradually becomes again a matter
of outward things, prescribed thoughts
and natural desires. But when religion
again becomes a matter pertaining to
the world of effects, then the people who
had rejected its power in the world of
causes willingly participate in the relig-
ion, for by now religion has become one
with their own capacity and desire.
Thus, since they believe in property,
they strive to increase the property of
the churches; since they believe in laws
and prohibitions, for the sake of ma-
terial stability, they strive to perfect the
definitions and limitations of the creeds;
since they are animated by personal am-
bition, they make religion a vast
superstructure of offices, titles, honors,
functions and positions, and spend their
lives mounting from one to another of
these rungs of illusion; and since they
delight in the intoxication of the senses,
hence the elaborate rites, ceremonies, sac-
raments, observances and festivals of
their religion, the wearing of purple and
red, the chanting, the burning of incense;
and since ambition is essentially com-
petitive, hence the feuds and struggles
among the different religions and ereeds,
poisoning the stream of love and inspira-
tion at its very source, which is the cause

