338 THE STORY OF EBN ABHAR
for, two miles out of Zinjan, when every-
one sat down to rest l\/Iirza jalil Khan,
retaining three of the guards who were
friendly sent the other seven who contin-
ually opposed when religion was dis-
cussed, to their homes, telling them not to
report to the government ofiice but to
change their clothes, and in the morning
to come to his house when they would all
take the criminal to the ofiice of the gov-
ernment. After the departure of the sev-
en, those who remained began to talk
happily about the Cause, chanting mean-
while prayers and Tablets.
The little party soon came to the house
of l\/Iirza ]alil Khan who then called in
some of the believers connected with the
court that they might discuss the best
method of presenting the matter to the
government. They now took off the
chains which were about the neck of
Abhar.
Two hours later, in the midst of an
earnest discussion, there came a loud and
peremptory knocking at the 
dently a messenger from the government;
whereupon Mirza Ialil Khan and the oth-
ers hastily concealed themselves. Two
deputies and twenty farrashes entered and
angrily demanded Mirza ]alil Khan and
the prisoner, Abhar. It was apparent
that the seven guards had turned in evi-
dence.
The government's messengers with the
utmost roughness and disrespect chained
the prisoner and dragged him to the gov-
ernment ofiice. Here the head servant
was Walking about in the hall, so intoxi-
cated that he could scarcely speak. He
came up to me and asked, furiously:
"Where have you sent Ialil Khan?"
This oppressed one answered very
slowly: accompanied him to his own
house and after that I have no informa-
tion about him."
The head servant called the warden of
the prison and said, sarcastically: "Treat
him well, because he is the very essence
of the Babis and has converted the ser-
vants of the government."
The warden took my abba (cloak) and
emptied my pockets of a small sum of
money. Then he put me into a dungeon
called in Zinjan "Dashborgh"--"stone
tower," a hole dug in the ground and
closed over with a stone as large as a
millstone which could not be moved at
all from below and only with great dif-
ficulty from above. The prisoner had
only room enough to crouch within. On
account of the carelessness of the guards
the place was filled with fleas, white ants
and lice. One of the prisoners described
how sometimes all three would clump to-
gether and form a mass the size of a bean.
Every day the great stone was taken from
the opening for two hours to change the
air. Here this unfortunate one was im-
prisoned for four months and a few days.
The place was about ten yards square
and there were other believers, also, con-
fined_there. When I arrived they began
weeping, as though mourning for their
own dead children.
I smilingly asked: "Why do you
weep? Be happy that you are suffering
for the sake of God. You are bound and
fettered for the spreading of His Cause.
Soon your native citizens, your relatives
and your grandchildren will boast be-
cause of your very existence and in the
sight of men you will reach to the heights
of dignity."
They answered: "We are not weeping
for ourselves. We are accustomed to
chains and stocks. Our Weeping is for
your dear and precious life. Until now
you have been cherished in ease, and held
1n the highest respect and honor. How
can you exist in such a dark and malodor~
ous hole?"
I answered from the Koran: am
submissive to His command, patient un-
der the calam1ties of God and there is no
one to be worshipped save Him."
"Consider how every prophet was a
target for the enemies of his time, and no
one_of them' failed to drink the poisoncup,
draining it as though it were the sWeet
elixir of Paradise. In the fire of Nimrod
Abraham reached to a high station. In
like manner Jesus Christ to-ok up his
abode in the heaven of Nearness. Mo-
hammed and his holy descendents tore
the veil of superstition from the eyes of
their followers and went, straight and
swift as an arrow, to their high station."
These explanations which were in real-
1ty utterances from the invisible so af-
fected the guards and farrashes that they
ceased to trouble me. Like the others,
they forgot me and listened to the teach-
ings.

