That which brings the divine light unto
the dumb and deeply hidden spiritual
forces of man is the Manifestation of
God. Into the shadow of nature the
Manifestation comes, but of that dark-
ness he has no part, for in the Manifes-
tation of God the spiritual faculties are
perfected and mature. The divine light
enters his being without shadow or in-
terruption, and from the being of the
Manifestation of God it is reflected to all
the horizons. Into the darkness of the
World of nature the Manifestation of God
brings a clear light, as a mirror which
has been lo-wered into a deep pit can re-
flect the light of the sun and thereby
banish the pit's darkness. The light
which the Manifestation of God mirrors
forth to banish the darkness of nature
in man is the Holy Spirit.
Now the Holy Spirit is a force which
surpasses in energy and influence any
force which man of himself can produce
or imagine. As the sun is more powerful
than anything upon the earth, and all
the forces of the earth are but shadows
or emanations of the sun, so the Holy
Spirit is more powerful in the world of
being than any human faculty. The
Holy Spirit is a universaland divine
power, which cannot be known by any
faculty in its universality. Rather does
it awaken and inspire all the faculties of
the dormant soul, as the sun in spring-
time awakens and inspires the faculties
that sleep in the earth.
Just as when, in winter, all the trees
of the forest are locked in sleep, and
none has leaves or signs of vitality, and
in this condition we can judge them only
by their relative size or perfection of
form; but when the spring comes those
that have life hidden in the root put
forth leaves and buds and those that
have no life remain as they were, so
that then we can distinguish the living
tree from the dead tree; even so during
the spiritual darkness before the coming
of the Manifestation of God all the souls
are dormant, and we judge the value of
people by their outer possessions, their
"ersonal activity or their commanding
influence over the other dormant souls.
But when the power of the Holy Spirit
descends, then those souls that have life
show forth the quality of life, and those
that have no life remain in the death
of nature even as they were. That is
why John the Baptist cried in the wilder-
ness--that is, the wilderness of spiritual
ye, for the King-
dom of God is at hand!" For he would
warn the souls that what they thought
was life was in reality the illusion of
life, and what they considered the light
of existence was in reality the shadow
of deprivation. Thus when Christ mani-
fested, bringing the Holy Spirit to man-
kind, the souls that yearned for the real-
ity knew the Spirit in him, and gave the
Spirit entrance into their hearts, while
the souls that were wholly immersed in
nature remained in the outer darkness
that nature is.
Entering the heart wherein it is in-
vited, the Holy Spirit brings life and
light; light to discern the true spiritual
Self; life that animates and inspires the
spiritual faculties to conscious activity.
Now the seed is small and inert and ap-
parently dead, yet the tree is hidden
within it, and when the tree comes forth
it is immense and visibly living and ac-
tive. And no man can discover the tree
that is within the seed, but the sun dis-
covers it and brings it forth; and in this
way the Holy Spirit discovers the soul
within the body, and brings it forth into
the light of the divine.' This life which
the soul receives through the penetrating
energy of the Holy Spirit differs from
the life of the body as the life of the
tree differs from the life of the seed;
received from outside nature, the life of
the soul is not subject to nature's de-
crees. It is the "new life," the "second
birth," the "resurrection" which has
been recorded in all the Holy Books; and
because this life can be acquired only
134

