THE SPIRIT OF ABDUL BAHA
BY HORACE HOLLEY
PART 11.
NOW, while wisdom is essentially a
state of being, and only secondarily
becomes an expression of principles, and
wisdom cannot be comprehended in any
one principle alone but only in the
meeting of all principles in their source
and cause, nevertheless, with respect to
the World's capacity and requirements,
Abdul Baha in many tablets and ad-
dresses gave importance to certain def-
inite principles which are consequently
his characteristic impression upon the
minds of the age.
Foremost among Abdul Bal1a's prin-
ciples is that of the in-dependent inves-
tr'gat'ion of truth.
A key to this principle may be found
in Abdul Baha's use of the Word "im-
itation" where we would use such words
 "superstition" or "prejudice" or
"ignorance." Looking upon the
minds, Abdul Baha perceived them as
merely imitating one another and the
past, like those prisoners who are
chained one to another in rows. For
the Christian is born a Christian, and
merely reflects the prevailing tradition
in which he lives. The German or
Frenchman is born to his nationality,
and imitates in thought and action the
necessities to which nationality has ever
in the past given rise. Few people ever
stand apart from their mental and moral
environment and test its standards by
any universal truth. What most of us
consider "thought" is merely an adapt-
ing of the common thinking to our per-
sonal advantage. The savage obeys the
165
law of the jungle, and We obey no less
blindly the customs of our own day;
and consequently, so far as true self-
realization is concerned, We are merely
that same savage reborn to a jungle of
men rather than a jungle of beasts. The
spiritual consequences of this only be-
come apparent when We reflect that
While none of us would intentionally
commit murder, we have made govern-
ments maehinery for murder on the
largest scale; and While none of us would
starve the orphan or oppress the Widow,
We willingly grow rich upon the starva-
tions that competitive industry com-
mits day by day. For We make our
swiftly fleeting powers serve that which
is also fleeting, and so at the last we
have created nothing which is able to
endure. True independent investiga-
tion of reality leads to the investigation
of our own being, and independence of
self as passion and desire is the supreme
independence.
Another of Abdul Baha's principles
is that of the oneness of in_an1mTnd. All
that Abdul Baha expressed through ut-
terance or action, he expressed from the
positive and steadfast realization that
mankind, in its origin and its end, is
one spiritual Man, Whose atoms, so to
speak, we are, and that one ray of the
divine Self, and not many selves, sus-
tains the spirit within the many souls.
Today, as We see and feel the immediate
inter-action of events and conditions
throughout the World, and how no por-
tion of humanity is independent of any

