308 SIGNS OF THE TIMES
ruined, and it is All Europe which, if to
be restored, must be restored all of a
piece. The chief element of the day after
to-rnorrow in the political calendar will
be All Europe as One. There can be no
doubt on this point. Unhappily, however,
no European nation seems yet to have
realized the fact. Imperialism and nation-
alism seem stronger than ever. There is
no use in expecting any decisive remedy
from the League of Nations and other
similar trusteeships. As long as the minds
of men refuse to be adapted to the new
order of things, no reform from without
can make any changes in the essential
conditions of European a
contributor to the Revue dz Geneva,
quoted in the Literary Digest.

Fridtjof Nansen has received the No-
bel Peace prize this year. In his speech
of acceptance at Christiania he said
among other things, "What humanity
needs now is self-sacrifici1'1g active altru-
ism which is able not only to give, but al-
so to give up. . . . And when I look around
me for the means to bring about this end
I confess that I see no hope of saving the
situation anywhere except in the League
of Nations. It alone gives us reason to
hope. Should it fail in its great task,
then I should feel that the last hope was
extinguished indeed. But I do not be--
lieve it will fail. I believe that it can be
reinforced by the united strength of all,
that we can more and more strengthen
the real spirit of international solidarity
in it, that we can make it more and more
what it is intended to be: the parliament
and organ of the united states of hu-
manity."
This statement is very significant be-
cause of its stress upon "the united
strength of all," "the united states of
humanity." To succeed in establishing
universal peace the Society of Nations
must be universal, including all nations
with just representation to all. The poli-
tics of men are partial, limited; the poli-
cics of God are universal.
There is an insertion in the Naval Ap-
propriation Bill of a paragraph requiring
President I-Iardin to enter into negotia-

tions with Great Britain, France, Italy
and Japan for the purpose of the further
limitation of naval armaments and par-
ticularly of submarines and the House
approved it by a large majority.
Mrs. Winifred I\/Iason Huck, the only
woman elected to Congress in the Novem-
ber elections, publicly advocates an
amendment to the Constitution making
a declaration of war impossible without
a direct vote of the people.
"If a capitalist is forced to give up a
portion of his income and possessions
there will be no love in his heart, no per-
manent benefit in his action. But if it
be given in the spirit of God, everything
will be accomplished. . . . . If the capi-
talist should voluntarily add to the scale
of wages love is evident and the greatest
good results."
These words of Abdul Baha's are well
illustrated in the career of George Cad-
bury, famous chocolate manufacturer,
who recently died in Birmingham. The
Survey says of him, "His example, stud-
ied at first hand by hundreds of Ameri-
can as well as English managers of indus-
try, was the most convincing proof that
the highest efhciency was to be obtained
by sympathetic cooperation with a loyal
and contented factory personnel."
l\/Irs. Cadbury gave a large part of the
inheritance she received at her husband's
death to the Workers in the factory, ex-
pressing the idea that, as the money had
been gained through the workers it did
not belong to her but to them.
In "The New Age and the New VVrit-
ers," Archibald l\/IacLeish (Yale Re-view,
january) develops the idea that this is an
age of increase of knowledge rather than
of comprehension. "Philosophies have
been taken up with the problem of how to
know more rather than with the problem
of existing knowledge. N0 man, no
church, no academy, has suggested a pos-
sible explanation of these besieging and
ever renewed marvels and wonders of
discovery. . . . 'Ne have only knowledge
and no understanding whatever." The

