FROM THE UNPUBLISHED DIARY OF
AHMAD SOHRAB
During his sojourn in Palestine with the Center of the Covenant, Abdul. Balm,
while the Great War was raging all over the world.
THE OF ESMAEL, THE PERSIAN JEW
TEIE carriage was waiting for us at
the foot of the mountain. 'We
entered it and started on our way. The
road was so muddy and slushy that the
wheels sank up to their spokes. In the
carriage there was a Persian Jew by the
name of Esmael who had been a friend
of the Master's for forty years. He is
an orthodox Jew with a strong faith in
prophecy, believing firmly that the Mes-
siah will appear in two years. He knows
a great deal about the Bahai Revelation
and has met Baha'Ullah. Several times
he promised the Master that if the Mes-
siah did not appear at such and such a
date he would leave Jewish traditions.
But on the grounds that his reckonings
were wrong each time he changed the
date. Now he sWears that this will be
the last date and in two years his prom-
ised Messiah will appear and will make
all the people Jews.
Since our arrival in the Holy Land the
Master has seen him many times and
helps him always. He is an old man
with thin, White beard and he has been
in Acca and Haifa for forty-two years.
Yesterday he came to Abou Senan a11d
this morningithe Beloved took him back.
"Now tell me, Esmael," the Master
said, "while patting him gently on back
and cheeks, "art thou sure that the Mes-
siah will appear in two years? If he
does not appear at that time wilt thou
continue to believe in the Talmud and
the Rabbinical lore? Several times thou
hast covenanted with me', and every time
thou hast broken the compact. This
must be the very last time; otherwise I
will punish thee." Esmael pledged his
Word that this would be the last time and
that he was sure, very sure, that the
Promised One would appear in 1916.
Then the Master spoke about the Mo-
hammedan and Christian calendars, the
prophetic dates mentioned in the Book
of Daniel, the scattering of the Jews at
the time of Titus, and the destruction
of Jerusalem. Then he asked me to read
aloud, for the benefit of Esmael, the arti-
cles published in "Servati-Founun,"
especially the translation of his address
in the Jewish Synagogue in San Fran-
cisco. As We neared Acca he related
some funny stories of his experiences in
Tiberias in former years.
Esmael," he said at last, "through
the power of God I havelbeen able to
prove the divine station of Christ to
thousands of Jews in America. . . .
'What can I do with thee'? They are the
real Israel. They are free from preju-
dice. But thou art different."
When we reached Acca we were glad
to find ourselves once more under the
sheltering roof of the home of Baha'
Ullah. Wlhen Abdul Baha entered his
room he sat quietly on his divan and
said: "Ah! We escaped from Abou
Senan, did we not? Although the
150

