sive establishment for a thing Which
seems to him rather useless, out-of-date
and remote.
The average man does not analyze
deeply. He does 11ot see that What he
really is paying for is peace, that his
army and his Department for War
really are doing all that they can, under
the handicap of their name, for peace,
and as little as possible for War. He is
Willing to pay for peace. Why not con-
vince him that peace is what he is pay-
ing for, by calling it by its right name'?
I ibelieve that every man today Wants
peace more than he Wants War, but over
against that fact must he placed the
law of his nature which compels him
also to Want to get what he is paying
for.
Let the same man see that he is "pay-
ing for peace, by calling it peace, and
in times of peace he will feel that he
is getting What he pays for. If his coun-
try is plunged into War, his innate dis-
satisfaction runs against war, because
he then is not getting what he is paying
for. His intellectual preference then
parallels his emotional prejudice and
both- function naturally for peace. Vie
have a Whole man, the two sides of his
nature harmonized and functioning
solidly in one highly desir-
able result, surely.
Constant criticism is heard of our
war budgets only, I think, because they
are called War budgets. Average men
are quite likely to think that money
spent on War equipment is Wasted unless
we have War. In times of peace we
shall always hear criticism of every ex-
penditure in the name of war. In times
of War, we shall hear no complaint of
any effort or expenditure in the name
of peace.
It may easily be pointed out that av-
erage thinking is loose thinking. No
doubt, but it is what we have to deal
with and We cannot change the nature
of it. But we can change the name of
a thing to express its real nature. When
we do that We shall have a department
for peace, doing effectively and enthusi-
astically What it now does more or less
furtively and more or less ineffectively;
we shall call the policies of that depart-
ment peace policies, we shall have peace
budgets and peace appropriations and
We shall have the united and enthusi-
astic support of a public which does its
thinking, involuntarily and because of
the spirit of the times, in terms of peace
a.11d not of War. By the change of a
word, We shall have adjusted our insti-
tutions to the thinking of the people and
of the times, instead of continuing
foolishly and futilely to breast the cur-
rent of advancing thought.
PATRIOTISM, OLD AND NEW
Patriotism once expressed itself in en-
thusiasm for War, but War was then the
chief business of the state. Practically
every man was a soldier. To support
the state could mean nothing most of
the time unless it meant the support
of War.
But the times have changed. Men
have changed. The enthusiasm of the
modern man is for peace. The work of
nations today is hampered, not helped,
by War. Average men are doing things
which demand peace for their accom-
plishment.
The expression of patriotism has
changed, necessarily. The man who
loves his country today expresses his
patriotism in upholding the hands of
those who are Working to avert War.
He has a wider patriotism also, which
expresses itself in World-neighborliness
--i11 a passion for justice rather than
for strife.
176

