York City ten years ago. In the hearts
of men no real love is found, and the-
condition is such that unless their sus-
ceptibilities are awakened by some power
so that unity, love and accord develop
within them, there can be no healing,
no relief among mankind."
A close study of this aspect of Abdul
Baha's teaching indicates certain fun-
damental elements as conditional to the
solution of the economic problem. One
of these elements is the uni/uersal obliga-
tion of useful labor. Consider how
idleness is condemned by physiologist
and today, no less vigor-
ously than by the moralist and the stu-
dent of economics. Wealth does not
exempt any human being from the con-
sequences of idleness or even misdirected
activity. These consequences are ill
health of mind as well as body, and that
disordered condition whose ultimate end
is impotence or insanity. Moreover, in
avoiding useful labor, the privileged
classes and their parasites have deprived
themselves of the very capacity for
labor, while increasing thatcapacity in
those who cannot or will not avoid work.
In this condition We may see perhaps
one meaning of Christ's saying: "The
meek shall inherit the earth."
But Abdul Baha has also stated that
useful labor, performed in the spirit
of sero-ice and with the ideal of perfec-
tion, is accounted an act of worship and
a form of prayer. Now prayer and
worship, in their true signification, are
not cries for assistance, nor requests for
a gift, nor yet taxes paid to a spiritual
overseer, but are expressions of grati-
tude for the supreme gift of life in the
spirit that knows no death. This is the
motive that Abdul Baha declares should
actuate our daily labor. Moreover, work
performed with that motive is creative
Work, and creativeness is the nature of
God, so that it is the worker who shows
forth the divine image and likeness on
this plane. But consider how many
changes must take place in the indus-
trial world before this creative sense can
be generally expressed, and before labor
is surrounded by those conditions which
this conception of labor demands!
Nevertheless, even this shall be; for the
Holy Spirit is destroying mightily all
that intervenes between man and his
own reality.
Implicit in this conception of the
spiritual value of useful labor, is Abdul
Baha's teaching that the present wage
system must be extended so as to in-
clude participation 'in the profits of in-
dustry. For it is evident that the es-
sential purpose of industry is not to
produce goods, but to maintain life-
and maintain life on the plane of human
dignity and refinement. The act of pro-
ducing goods must therefore coincide, in
purpose and result, with the act of
ennobling and freeing the producers
themselves. This is impossible under
present conditions, but perfectly pos-
sible when industry is managed by the
social engineer in place of the financial
expert.
Another fundamental element is that
of the voluntary sharing of wealth.
Reflect how those who possess other
forms of mental,
moral and spiritual~--have ever obeyed
this universal and Wonderful law. Thus
those who share their physical strength
with the weak; those who strive inces-
santly to increase the commonwealth of
beauty and of truth; those who devote
their lives to the realization of greater
political justice; and, above all, those
who give love to whosoever are deprived.
All the love, beauty, truth, justice and
science We have on earth are the result
of a voluntary sharing of 
divine principle whose veils grow
darker and darker as we approach the
lowest degree of wealth, which is gold.
But were we to estimate the sum total
of all the taxes paid to any government
within the past fifty years, and regard
this total as being wealth forcibly rather
than voluntarily shared, we can perceive
how disastrously extravagant material
selfishness is, even on its own plane. For
168

