may be cut off from the mirror and be
separated from it; but it cannot be
separated from the sun.
In short, the point is this, that the
world of man is supernatural by com-
parison with the vegetable world though
in reality it is not supernatural. Rela-
tive to the plant the reality of man, his
power of hearing and sight are all super-
natural and it is impossible for the plant
to comprehend that reality and the
nature of the power of man's mind.
In like manner, for mankind to com-
prehend the Divine Essence and the
nature of the great hereafter is in no
wise possible. However, the bounties of
the Merciful Reality are vouchsafed unto
all beings and man must ponder deeply
upon the Divine Bestowals, such as the
spirit, rather than upon the Divine
Essence Itself. This is the limit of
human understanding. As has been pre-
viously mentioned these attributes and
perfections of the Divine Essence which
we have enumerated we have derived
from the observation of beings and their
existence, and not because we have com-
prehended the essence and perfections
of God. When we say the Divine
Essence understands and is free we do
not mean that we have discovered the
Divine Purpose but rather that we have
Knowledge of It through the Divine
Grace revealed and manifested in the
realities of things.
Concerning our social principles,
namely the teachings of His Holiness
Baha'Ullah spread fifty years ago-they
include all other teachings. It is clear
and evident that without these teach-
ings progress and prosperity for the
world of humanity are unattainable, im-
possible and inconceivable. Every com-
munity in the World finds in these divine
teachings the realization of its highest
aspirations. These teachings are even as
that tree which bears the best fruit of all
trees. For instance, philosophers find in
these heavenly teachings the most per-
fect solution of their social problems and
at the same time a true and noble
exposition of matters which pertain to
philosophical questions. In like manner
men of faith behold the reality of
religion manifestly revealed in these
202
heavenly teachings which clearly and
conclusively proves them to be the true
and real remedy for the ills and infirmi-
ties of the body politic of the world of
humanity. Should these sublime teach-
ings be spread abroad mankind would
be freed from all peril, all chronic ills
and sickness. In like manner are the
Bahai economic principles the embodi-
ment of the highest aspirations of all
laborers and the aim of the economists.
Briefly, for all communities there is
a share and a portion from the teach-
ings of Baha'Ullah. When these teach-
ings are proclaimed in churches, in
mosques and in the places of worship of
other peoples, among the followers of
Buddha, Confucius, and in various so-
cieties or even among materialists all
bear witness that these teachings confer
a new life upon mankind and constitute
the immediate remedy for all the ills of
social life. No one can find fault with
any of these teachings nay, rather, when
once one hears them one will be rejoiced
and will acknowledge their importance
and exclaim, "Verily this is the truth
and there is naught beside the truth but
manifest error!"
In conclusion these few words are
written and to every one they will be a
clear and conclusive evidence' of the
truth. Ponder then in thy heart: the
will of every sovereign prevails during
his lifetime, likewise the power of the
will of every philosopher influences a
few of his students during his lifetime.
But the power of the Holy Spirit which
is manifest and radiant in the realities
of the Prophets makes the power of their
will so effective that it endures for thou-
sands of years, throughout a great
nation, establishes a new creation and
transforms humanity from an old into a
new world. Consider what a power this
is! It is an extraordinary power, an
all-sufficient proof of the validity of the
Prophets and conclusive evidence of the
power of inspiration.
Upon thee be the Glory of the Most
Glorious.
(Signed) ABDUL BAHA 
Translated by Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi.

