BAHAI NOTES
EXTERET army needs oneness of com-
mand. In every War victory de-
pends upon unity. If each private or
each captain gave orders and followed
his own individual opinion or conscience
there would be no victory. Every great
and successful business is organized like
an army. Effectiveness depends upon
unity of guidance. Boards and staffs
meet in consultation. Then all fol-
low the cominander-in-chief to triumph.
Such is the law of all practical action.
So it is in the business of the world.
The same truth applies to the business of
the Kingdom. Unity of direction is t.he
secret of victory. Only by a divine
organization, centering in units made
pure, Wise and effective by spiritual
guidance and the power of the Holy
Spirit can the army of light conquer
the hosts of darkness. Unless the cohorts
of the army of unity march together
they can never establish peace upon
earth and the divine civilization.
Therefore Baha'Ullah made Abdul
Baha the Center of his convenant of
unity. And Abdul Baha in his last will
and testament named his grandson,
Shoghi Effendi as Guardian and Center
of the Cause after his (Abdul Baha's)
departure. Abdul Baha also instructed
his friends to elect local, national, uni-
versal spiritual assemblies to preserve
unity in action. Shoghi Effendi, that
pure, brilliant and distinguished branch
of the tree of unity he appointed as head
of the universal spiritual assembly.
Thus organized will the Bahai Cause
achieve oneness in divine direction.
MESSAGES FROM THE HOLY
LAND
ALL those who love the Bahai teach-
ing and its history feel in their
hearts a.n especial_love and devotion to
Abdul Baha's sister, Bahaeyeh Khanum,
whose life of heroic sacrifice and spir-
itual beauty is one of our World's price-
less treasures. "Therefore We greeted
with joy the news that Shoghi Effendi
had appointed her to be Head of the
Cause during his absence from the Holy
Land. Two of her recent letters, one to
the East, one to the West, contain the
following messages:
To Hadji Baba, a Persian Bahai: "To
the servant of the sacred Threshold of
the Blessed Beauty and the faithful
friend of His Holiness Abdul Baha:
Your letter full of heartfelt attractions
and conscientious reflections, which you
had Written to his holiness Shoghi
Effendi, was perused.
"As he has gone on a trip to various
countries I am writing the answer. To-
day confirmations surround the holy
steadfast souls in the Cause of the
Blessed Beauty who have divine firmness
in the Covenant and are faithful to His
Holiness Abdul Baha. Praise be to the
holy, immortal and eternal Name that
you and all the spiritual friends attained
to this gift and this bounty and are
steadfast in the Covenant of -God and
are looking toward the -appointed Center
of the Cause, the Chosen Branch. \Vhat
greater favor can be thought of than
this!"
219

