hearts were near to breaking. As our
tears of love and gratefulness flowed he
suddenly left his room, telling us to re-
main within.
Before leaving Haifa we saw the Mas-
ter most unexpectedly again. A few
beautiful pictures of how he lived and
loved in his own home I shall cherish
forever. And as we left his glorious
home I felt as others, permitted
to come into his presence, have felt. I
realized that we could in no way com-
prehend him, We could only love him,
follow him, obey him and thereby draw
nearer to his beauty.
His Words spoken to us we herewith
gladly share with all the friends.

INTERVIEWS WITH ABDUL BAHA.
or-wing.
The Master welcomed us heartily and
said: was very glad to hear of your
coming. When all the people are negli-
gent you have been chosen by God. You
came to the Holy Land, attained to the
pleasure of visiting the Holy Tomb and
were able to come and visit me here.
How are the friends in America?" We
told the Master that the friends are well.
\Ve told the Master of a group of Jews
who were on the boat from Brindisi to
Palestine. He said: "In their heav-
enly books the prophets have spoken of
the Day of the Lord, the Last Day, and
what they have spoken is all being real-
ized in this day. The Blessed Beauty
sixty years ago in some of his tablets
promised the Jews that they would come
back to the Holy Land and what he said
will be realized. The pavilion of the
Lord will be pitched on the mountain
and this was fulfilled. The pavilion of
the Blessed Beauty was often pitched
on Mount Carmel and the plain and hills
around Acca While he was a prisoner.
He was subject to two despotic kings
and he was under severe restrictions.
When guards were placed at the gate
everybody was forb-idden to meet him.
142
But his pavilion was pitched on the
hills. He would go and spend some days
in them, and yet he was a prisoner."
We told the story of Mr. Schneider.
(Mr. Schneider was a refugee from Rus-
sia. He reached the northern boundary
of Persia penniless, knowing no one and
ignorant of his route. Some people met
him and took him to their home where
he sojourned for several days and then
was taken by his host to the next village
and to a home where he was welcomed
and entertained. From village to vil-
lage he was conducted, and cared for,
until at last in safety he reached the
Persian gulf. On inquiring at last who
could be these people who had treated
him with such marvelous kindness he
learned that they were all Bahais.) He
(Abdul Baha) said such should be the
case with all the Bahais. They should
be the mercy of God to all the people of
the earth without distinction of race and
religion. Baha'Ullah's light has shone
forth upon all. His rain of mercy has
fallen on every spot just as the sun
shines upon the pure and the sinner.
The rain falls upon good soil -and the
rocks. The attributes of the Bahais
should be the same. They should be the
light of guidance to all the people.
We said: "Easter has a new signifi-
cance for us. Resurrection has a new
meaning." Abdul Baha said: "It is a
good, significant coincidence that we
meet at this place where Christ told
Peter to become a fisher of men." He
pointed out the place, about 150 meters
away, Where this happened. The Ser-
mon on the Mount was preached on
Mount Tabor, Which, as an accompany-
ing Jew told us, dominates Galilee.
Monday Morninig at 7:30
Looking at our children 's picture his
beautiful face lighted up and after look-
ing at it for a long while he said: "They
have bright faces. They will be real
Bahais because they will have a Bahai
education. They will become good
Bahais."

