60 STAR OF THE WEST
To propose to all the Bahais in the world
to hold a world convention, wherein every
great religion of the present day might be
united, so as to create a parliament of re-
ligions to work for religions' reconciliation,
without which international peace seems im-
possible.
The Bahai News, which is being published
in Bombay, is to be further improved, and
the annual subscription raised from Rs. 3 to
Rs. 5.
An executive committee was appointed to
carry out the resolutions of the Convention
aided by the Central Bahai Fund. - -
A constitution was framed for convening
the Convention and its objects were clearly
defined.
The next Bahai Convention will be held in
Karachi.
A LECTURE
At the third day's meeting of the Second
All-India Bahai Convention, presided over
by Diwan Bahadur, G. S. Rao, 
the president, said the mission of Abdul-
Baha had been to remove prejudice and to
respect light from whatsoever lamp it was
burning.
Professor Shirazi then delivered an inter-
esting lecture. He said, "Abdul-Baha is the
product of all the philosophies, teachings
and spirits of all the ages past." Born in
the year 1844, Abdul-Baha from the age of
nine had been an exile, and finally a pris-
oner in the Turkish fortress of Acca in Pa-
lestine. For full forty years he had been a
servant of humanity, though a prisoner. His
teachings Went out of the prison walls and
established circles of Bahais throughout
every country of the world, in Berlin, Paris,
London, New York, Chicago, Teheran, Cal-
cutta, Rangoon, Tokyo, Bagdad and Shang-
hai. Bahai spiritual centres were estab-
lished even in small towns. In the year 1908,
by the change of the Turkish Government,
Sultan Abdul Hamid, who had imprisoned
him, entered prison and Abdul-Baha was re-
leased. When asked by press representatives
of his experience in prison, he declared,
"Freedom is a condition. I was in prison,
yet real freedom is in being free from the
fetters of the self." In the year 1911, he
made a trip to England and France, and for
the first time in his life he stood before
public audiences and lectured in Christian
churches and modern societies and offered
solutions of philosophic and economic prob-
lems of the day. The next' year he made- a
very, extensive trip throughout the United
States and Canada, where his followers most
abound and like a bird accustomed to his
old nest returned to Haifa, and lived there
till November 28, 1921, when at the advanced
age of 77, he passed away.
During all these years Abdul-Baha's life
had been one of the busiest. Bahais visited
him from all parts of the world, and various
other people sought his advice on other mat-
ters. Abdul-Baha was married and has left
behind four daughters, all of whom are mar-
ried.
Convention for Amity Between the White and Colored Races
(Continued from page 55)
of the thousand and kill the rest if he
so desired. He illumined the dark Ara-
bian peninsula with the light of science
and art.
"About seventy-eight years ago Per-
sia was in utter darkness. At such a
time the herald of the Bahai religion,
the Bab, appeared in the city of Shiraz
and with an irresistible power he faced
the Orientalcountries and made a chal-
lenge to the corrupted civilization of the
whole world. He was persecuted by the
clergy and suifered six years in exile
and prison and finally was martyred by
order of the Persian government.
"After his some forty or
fifty thousand people accepted his mes-
sage. But all Persia turned against
them and about thirty thousand were
martyred. The horrors they suffered
are unspeakable. Enough to say that at
the hands of mobs many babies met.
death by having their little mouths
forced open and boiling water poured
into them in the presence of their
mothers and hundreds of Women were
burned to death with oil. All gave their
lives and property for the cause of the
Bab and the Prince of Peace, BAI-IA
Whom they were expecting to
appear as promised by the Bab. Nine-
teen years afterward the horizon of the
East became illumined by the appear-
ance of BAHA But the Persian
government and clergy arose against
him and banished him to Bagdad.

