ON MOUNT CARMEL 283
floors, the beautiful rugs. As I sit here
writing I can see the top of the Master's
house, above the wall. The two gate-
ways are covered with a riot of bougan-
villea, masses of dark-red blossoms, hun-
dreds of them, almost hide the green
leaves. If I stand at the window I can
look up to the Tomb and the Mosafer
Khaneh, halfway up the mountainside.
june 2, I922.
Mirza Lotfullah and I left the Pilgrim
House at six o'clock, and climbed up the
Mountain of the Lord, to the Tomb. The
morning was beautifully fresh and clear.
The sun was high in the heavens when
we reached the Tomb--but the garden
looked delightfully fresh and green and
c0oL
The care-taker of the Tomb, Abbas
Gholi, came and opened the door into
the Tomb of the Bab, and then into the
room that is the We left our
shoes at the door, and entered first the
Tomb of the Bab. To be again in
that place, at that threshold in prayer--
what words can tell what it means to
one's heart and spirit? It is so perfectly
natural and easy to pray there. One's
prayer knows no weariness. One realizes
God so near, that one needs make no
effort to find Him. "Love divine, all love
excelling" becomes the supreme reality.
Prayer for all the friends in America, all
the Bahais, prayer with all the devotion
of my spirit for the dear ladies of the
household and for Shoghi Ellen-
di, that the divine love may bring them
perfect comfort and spirtual joyl
And then we went into that room which
I had never before entered--the Master' 
shrine. In physical furnishings it is like
that of the Bab. The outer room is
larger, I think, and the outer
door is not directly in line with the inner
door. Lovely rugs are on the floor,
copies of one or two Tablets are on the
walls. I stood at the outer doorway a
long time, trying to realize the meaning
of the place to which I had come. Then
I knelt at the inner threshold a moment
--afterwards a little away from it. Mir-
za Lotfullah placed on the threshold the
jasmine flowers that he had brought in
from the garden. We prayed silently for
a long time. The Master's spirit dwells
there in peace and love. What one feels,
or how, I do not know. It is the triumph
of life. I suppose for those who were
here at the funeral, who saw
his body laid in that room, there must be
associations of great sadness and loneli-
ness with that spot--but for those who
come to Haifa to find his love and his
service in the lives of the friends, for
those the Tomb of the Master is a place
of joy. One knows as never before the
victory of life that never ceases, but only
changes its form. Words cannot suggest
it. It is one of the gifts of God that He
sends to those who long for union with
the Beloved One.
When we left the Tomb, Abbas Gholi
asked us to come to his house for tea.
He took us up to the top of the house
to the little room that was built especially
for Abdul Baha. It has windows north,
south, and west and a door to the east;
from each there is a Wonderful view.
To the north, the bay and Acca; to the
east, the valley of "Achor"; to the south,
the slopes of Mount Carmel, where the
girls' school is to be built; to the west,
the Tomb. Here, in this little room the
Master used to stay; often at night the
friends would hear him walking about
on the house-top, chanting. Here he used
to receive the notables of the town and
country. In the room is the bed the
Master used to use, and also the chair,
in which he used to sit out in front of
the Tomb, when meetings were held
there. Above the bed are now hung
many pictures of the Master, alone, and
with groups of friends. Abbas Gholi
talked to us for quite a long time about
the Master and the days he had spent
there near the Tomb. He told about the
building of that upper room. The Mas-
ter had said that he would like a room
there near the Tomb. He asked Abbas
Gholi if he could not build him one, and
the care-taker of the Tomb said, yes,
where would the Master like to have it.
The Master suggested that he would like
to have it on the top of the house. Abbas
Gholi said that the walls of the house
were not strong enough to have another
story built on top of them. Then the
Master said that he would like to have
it built in the garden, or above the Tomb.
Abbas Gholi said that much excavation
would be required for that. Finally the

