their experiences. New methods and
ideals are introduced and foreign books
are translated in large numbers but with
critical examination. These are not only
better presented -and translated than
ever before but a wiser selection .is now
being made.
We are attempting to reconstruct our
individual and social life through demo-
cratic education, one phase of which
is the publishing of articles. Every
normal school, college and university
as well as most public organizations
have established free schools supported
wholly by students. The schools are
free for all and supply students with
textbooks, pens, ink, etc. The chief pur-
pose is to afford a sufficient opportunity
for educating the masses and to give at
least the elementary knowledge needed
in daily life. The Pai Hua, or plain lan-
guage has been purposely invented to
put knowledge at the disposal of the
masses making it a democratic property
within the reach of all. Newspapers
have increased both in number and cir-
culation and no less than two hundred
periodicals specializing on different sub-
jects have come into existence. As a
result of these efforts Chinese life has
individually and socially greatly ad-
vanced.
Although western methods are much
appreciated China 's own attainments are
not neglected but are more highly valued
than ever before. We have accumulated
a splendid treasury Which, however, is
not in order but is like a lot of pearls
scattered over a spacious field. These
pearls can have no significance until
they are gathered and strung together.
Chinese scholars, therefore, are now
endeavoring to readjust and enlighten
through scientific methods our Chinese
civilization so it may become as splendid
and useful as is that of th.e West. The
scholars seek to combine these two civili-
zations into one as a chemist adds one
element to another in order to bring into
existence a new creation.
Since the Great War has come to an
end every man seems to realize the
demoniacal nature of fighting. The
voice of peace is now heard on all sides.
Men are doing their utmost to prevent
2
a future war. But in order to do this
effectively the best method is to spread
abroad the spirit and teachings of Abdul
Baha.
THE CRY FOR PEACE
The Spirit of the Hour
"It is becoming clear," Writes Sir
Philip Gibbs in the Chicago Daily News,
"that nothing can save Europe from
very great catastrophe . . . except
a complete change of international rela-
tionship based not on acts of the old
statesmen but upon the uprising and
spiritual regeneration of the younger
generation. . . . Without some mir-
aculous change in human nature and
international policy it is inevitable."
Great peace demonstrations are being
held in many cities of Europe.
Veterans of the late war from many
nations held a peace conference in New
Orleans, October 19th and 20th. Our
World, in speaking of this meeting, says:
"Forty centuries have elaborated the
saga of warriors and valiant deeds and
the glory of arms. . . . However,
never before have the men who fought
encircled the globe with a determined
organization for peace."
The Friends, or Quakers, a great peace
denomination of Christendom are send-
ing out to Christians in all lands an
appeal "for a warless World." 
anity," they write, "seems to us to face
a grave crisis and a divine duty. In
this aftermath of history's most terrible
war, we see two paths before us. One
leads inevitably to another war by
renewed preparedness of the most e_ffi-
cient military, economic, educational and
religious means of waging it. The other
begins with a complete rejection of war,
and of all preparations for it, for any
16

