SPIRITUAL
the "Tablet. Conform to them with frag-
rance and spirituality for this will profit
you much, were ye of those who know.
Read the verses of God every morning
and evening. He whoadoes not read does
not know the Covenant of God and His
Testament. He who turns away from
(them in this day verily is of those Who
have turned away from God since the
eternity of eternities. Fear God, ye
servants.
Be not deluded by meaningless, re-
peated readings and byractions day and
night. Should ye read but one verse with
fragrance and spirituality it will avail you
more than to read with slothfulness all
the books of God, -the Protector, the
Self-Existent.
Read the verses of God in such wise
that ye may not be overtaken by apathy
and gloom. Encumber not the spirit
with that which will depress it but (favor
it) with that which will cheer it and
enable it to soar upon the wings of the
Verses to the dayspring of Evidences.
This is more acceptable to God, were ye
of those who comprehend.
Teach your children that which hath
been caused to descend from the heaven
of and Greatness that they may
read with -the sweetest tone the Tablets
of the Nlerciful, in the rooms which are
built in the Azkar.
Verily, he who is overcome by the at-
traction of the love of l\/Iy Name, the
l\/ferciful, will assuredly read the verses
of God in such wise as to charm the
hearts of those who are asleep. Hap-
piness awaits him who, in the Name
whereby every high and haughty moun-
tain is swept away drinks the pure Wine
of life from the utterances of his Lord,
the l\/Ierciful.
mm.
Blessed is he who goes in the early
morning to the Mashreq'Ul Azkar and
mentions his God, remembers His grace,
and asks for forgiveness.
Upon entering the House he must sit
down silently and listen to the Text of
God, the Mighty, the Extolled.
A Azkar is a house built
in a city or village for the purpose of
commemoration. Thus hath it been
named before the Throne, were ye of
those who know.
MEETINGS Z77
EXILED FROM BAGDAD
.4 Story from the Word; of
Abdul Balm
WIIEN the Blessed Perfection (Ba-
ha'Ullah) was exiled from Bagdad
the large number of believers who went
with him divided the work of the party
among them. For example, Darveesh
Sedk Ali and Haji Ebrahim acted as
equerries, Ostad l\/Iohammed Ali looked
after the baggage, Mirza l\/Iohammed Goli
supervised the pitching of the tent_s_and
I was, if we may here use a military
term, a commissary officer and had to
supply the party, including horses, etc.,
with food and the daily necessities. Of-
ten, by day or by night we covered a
distance of from twenty-five to thirty
miles. No sooner would we reach a
caravanserai than from sheer fatigue
everyone would lie down and go to sleep:
utter exhaustion having overtaken every-
body they would be unable even to move.
A But Nlirza 1/lahrnoud and Aga Reza
rested not for a moment. After our ar-
rival they would immediately become
engaged in cooking for this party of
nearly seventy-two pCOpl6-~and this af-
ter their arduous work of guiding all
day or all night the horses which carried
the palanquin of the Blessed Perfection.
Vi/hen the meal was cooked and made
ready all those who had slept would
wake, -eat and go to sleep again. These
two men would then wash all the dishes
and pack them up. By this time they
would be so tired that they could have
slept on even ,a hard boulder.
During -the journey when they became
utterly weary they would sleep while
walking. Now and again I would see
one of them take a bound and leap from
one point to another. It would then be-
come apparent that he was asleep and
had dreamed that he had reached a wide
creek~hence the jump.
In a word, from Bagdad to Samsoun
they served with rare faithfulness. In-
deed no human being had the fortitude
to bear cheerfully all this heavy labor.
But, because they were kindled (by the
spirit of God) they performed all these
services with greatest happiness. I re-
member how, in the early morning, when

