guidance of God wherever lighted has
illumined the horizons. Praise be to
God! In this country the lamp of the
guidance of God has been lighted and
day by day its light is becoming more
and more resplendent and this splendor
is becoming more and more widespread.
Now this is not known but later its
traces will become evident.
"Consider how in the days of His
Holiness Christ the light of guidance
lighted twelve hearts. Twelve hearts
were illumined by that light; and how
limited it seemed! But how spacious it
became, for it illumined the world!
"You are not a great body of people
but, because the lamp of guidance has
been lighted in your hearts the effects
will be wonderful in years to come. It
is evident and manifest that the world
will be illumined. Therefore you must
thank God that, praise be to God!
through His favor and grace the lamp
of the most great guidance has been
ignited in your hearts and He has sum-
moned you to His kingdom. He has
caused the call of the Supreme Con-
course to reach your ears. The doors of
heaven have been opened unto you. The
Sun of Reality has shone upon you. The
cloud of Mercy is pouring down and the
breezes of Providence have blown toward
you.
"Although the bestowal is great and
the grace is glorious, yet, capacity and
readiness are requisite. Without capac-
ity and readiness the divine bestowals
will not become manifest and evident.
No matter how much the cloud may
rain, the sun may shine, the breezes blow
the land of sterility will give forth no
verdure. The ground which is pure and
free from thorns and thistles receives
and produces through the rain of the
cloud of Mercy. No matter how much
the sun shines it will have no effect upon
the black rock. But in a pure and
polished mirror its light becomes re-
splendent. Therefore we must obtain
capacity in order that the signs of the
mercy of the Lord may become revealed.
\Ve must endeavor to make the soil of
the hearts 'free from these useless weeds
and sanctified from the thorns of useless
thoughts in order that the cloud of
Mercy may bestow its power upon it.
The doors of God are open, but there
is need of readiness.
"The ocean of Providence is surging,
but we must be able to swim.
"The bestowals of God are descend-
ing from the heaven of Grace, but
capacity is necessary.
"The fountain of Providence is gush-
ing forth, but we must have thirst.
"Unless there be thirst the salubrious
water will not assuage.
"Unless a soul is hungry the delicious
foods of God will not appeal.
"Unless the eyes are perceptive the
light of the sun will not be witnessed.
"Unless the nostrils are pure the fra-
grance of the Rose Garden will not be
inhaled.
"Unless the heart be longing the
favors of the Lord will not become
evident.
"Therefore we must endeavor day and
night to purify the hearts from dross, to
sanctify the souls from every fetter and
to become free from the discords of
humanity. Then the divine bestowals in
their fullness and glory will become
evident. If we do not strive and
become sanctified from the defects and
evil qualities of human nature we will
not partake of the bestowals of God."
N. S. F.
214

