72 STAR OF THE WEST
this is a new epoch and cycle, another
springtime of God. It brings to us a
knowledge of the oneness of God and
humanity and removes conflict between
religion and science. All truth, as light,
shines out from the great central sun
of reality which reveals perfect stand-
ards of life. In the great waterfall of
Niagara, because all drops move in the
same direction, they make a. vast com-
bination of forces. Now that the King-
dom of Heaven is here, we should all be
drawn together in its establishment.
How wonderful! How powerful!
MEETING.
On Sunday evening the Bahai chil-
dren of Chicago and its environs, under
the direction of Mrs. Grace Foster, their
teacher, entertained the assembled
friends with a varied program. This
included music, recitations of the Holy
Utterances, the universal principles of
the Cause, life stories of the Bab, BAHA
and Abdul-Baha, and important
dates in the Bahai calendar. The mes-
sage was delivered with especial purity
and intelligence. The audience was
much pleased with the numbers on the
program and much praise belongs to
these children of the Kingdom. But
the first prize should go to their teacher.
MEETING FOR TEACHING.
A special meeting to stimulate the
work of teaching and seed-sowing was
planned fo-r Sunday evening. An un-
expectedly large audience appeared so
that those who- expected to deliver spe-
cial messages to the friends found them-
selves confronted by many inquirers
who were attracted by the spiritual
fragrance of the convention.
Mlrs. Ella G. Cooper, of San Fran-
cisco, p-resided an.d read from the prayers
and Holy Verses.
Mr. Hooper Harris, of New York, told
some of the requirements of the teacher,
as emphasized by Abdul-B-aha, earnest-
ness, sincerity and complete surrender
on the part of the teacher. Mirza Abul
Fazl had also emphasized the necessity
of follow-up work. His injunction was,
"Do not leave the people until they
enter the Kingdom of God.' Mr. Harris
also related some of his experiences in
India and elsewhere, showing that the
real preparation was dependence upon
God and His guidance to overcome dif-
ficulties. There being many schools of
religion and philosophy, one can meet
their various viewpoints, whether sim-
ple or complex, who has a thorough
knowledge of such Bahai books as The
Zgium, the Seven Valleys and Some
Answered Questions. He urged con-
structive and harmonious methods
which would confirm and broaden the
reality of each faith, as the point of
contact and key to success.
Mrs. May Maxwell, of Montreal, Can-
ada, spoke on the new springtime of the
oneness of humanity. She took as the
foundation of her address the well-
known words: "The Sun of Truth is
the Vllord 0-f God, upon which depends
the training of the people of the coun-
try of thought," etc.
"When these wonderful words were
revealed in Persia the Light of God was
under thick veils. The Bab, BAHA 
LAH and Abdul-Baha came in succession
and the progress of the Cause shows the
diffusion of the divine consciousness in
the realm of humanity. In the early
days of the knowledge of the Cause in
the West, people had small capacity for
Truth. This lack of capacity was a
cause of grief to Abdul-Baha. The mes-
sage was given in a simple, direct way.
People used to be told about Abdul-
Baha, the one who had sacrificed all for
them. The wonderful light of infinite
ideals in BAHA poured down
upon all the people. The early pilgrims
could hot carry that light, but were as
open channels. The early period was
one of difficulty and confusion.
"But now the great principles have
been evolved which are the conscious-
ness of the world. It is hard to find
anyone on earth today not conscious of

