THE COMING OF THE PROMISED ONE
The Reconciliation of the Expectations of Religion and the Laws of Science
by ALBERT VAIL
THE Whole religious world today is in
anticipation of a world-teacher who
will take "the broken arcs" of our hu-
man efforts, aspirations, philosophies, so-
cial programs and bring them "to a shin-
ing circle." More than seventy years
ago Emerson the philosopher-poet felt
stirring in his heart the longing for such
a teacher and he wrote his declaration
that should this great leader appear he,
Emerson, would sell all his goods and
go halfway around the world to sit at
his feet.
Through all the religions today there
is shining the glorious anticipation of the
coming of a deliverer, a savior, a mes-
siah. In millions of hearts the good news
is ringing that he is right at our doors.
"Lift up your gates and be ye lifted up
ye everlasting doors and the King of
Glory shall come in."
In the following talk taken down by
Mirza Ahmad Schrab during the Great
\Var Abdul Baha shows that even our
naturalists today believe in the coming
of great teachers. And the logic of the
theory of evolution, of perpetual change
is that today new teachers are due to
come and save our world from its n1ani-
fest calamities. Abdul Baha's analysis is
as follows:
"The adherents of all the religions of
the world are expecting the -coming of a
Promised One and they pray for his ad-
vent. Even the atheists anticipate the
appearance of a wise and sagacious re-
former, a renovator of old habits and
145
superstitions. Their expectations, how-
ever, are not like those of the religionists
whose beliefs are wrapt in fantastic ideas
and impossible and unrealizable rules.
"The atheists believe in nature and its
manifestations. They state that for na-
ture there are two courses.
"The first is the common, ordinary
course, running throughout all the grades
of the social structure and organized,
animate and inanimate beings, producing
stereotyped organisms and definite,
agreed ends, decomposing and reco1npos-
ing variable forms, with resourcefulness
and adaptability.
"The second is the extraordinary and
unusual course which produces from time
to time human beings who are beyond
nature, who are super-mundane, the
super-men. After many generations of
ordinary type, nature, being bored with
its own monotony and corresponding re-
semblances creates an extraordinary in-
dividual (a mutation) to show that its
fertility is not at an end and that it is
capable of exhibiting the signs of activ-
ity uncommon in the field of human ex-
perience. Thus a powerful, wise, com-
manding leader is born who is to
readjust through his innate forces the
disorganized machinery of the civic, in-
tellectual and ethical life of a nation.
They further state that change is the
unchangeable law of nature. One cannot
conceive of nature without motion and
variability. These two laws are the in-
herent qualities of all phenomena and

