282 STAR OF THE WEST
FROM DR. AUGUSTE FOREL
A MOST kindly letter has come to us
from Dr. Auguste Forel of Switzer-
land, concerning the November issue of
the Star of the West which contained an
English translation of his wonderful Tab-
let from Abdul Baha. Dr. Forel sent to
us an announcement of his Bahai meet-
ings, and his statement of Bahai princi-
ples used therefor, from which we have
taken the following excerpts:
All humanity is to be considered as
one; all prejudice against other people,
other nations, other races must be aban-
doned.
All religions must unite in the faith of
a superior oneness which represents
Divinity.
A strong federation of all the people,
with an international tribunal will ensure
permanent universal peace.
Beside the various national languages,
an international language, universally
taught will be introduced.
Every human being has equal rights
to the mental and physical advantages
which are necessary to its existence.
It is everyone's duty to search after
truth. Between true religion and true
science no contradiction can exist.
Man and woman have the same rights,
everywhere. Every kind of servitude or
subjection is severely prohibited.
It is the duty of every human being
to work. For invalids and people with-
out means of subsistence the State will
legally provide.
The precepts of Bahais, their morals,
constitute the unifying and universal
religion of all humanity. Abdul Baha
(Abbas Effendi) at Haifa in Palestine,
son of Baha'Ullah (Hussein Ali-Nouri)
constituted the center of the new, divine
federation. He had been charged by his
father to explain everywhere the Bahai
principles. Shoghi Rabbani, grandson of
Abdul Baha, succeeds him now at Haifa
in the san1e mission.
ON MOUNT CARMEL
"The Garden of God"
MISS Genevieve L. Coy, after a won-
derful visit in the Holy Land, in
Constantinople and among the Bahai
groups along the way, and notwithstand-
ing the many rigors of the journey ar-
rived the last of September in Teheran
to begin her work of service there. She
writes of the marvelous kindness of the
friends in the many cities and of the
wonderful bond between the Orient and
Occident which has been established by
the Bahai teachings. Describing her visit
in Haifa, 1\/liss Coy writes:
Pilgrim House, Haifa-, Palestine.
june I, I922
Palestine in the beginning of summer is
a very different country from Palestine
in late August. Green fields, many flocks
of black goats, many herds of black and
white cattle, herdsmen in tattered gar-
ments, flash past one as the train goes
northward. Trees with long green leaves,
along some small brook--white melons
ripening in the f1elds--the blue, blue sea
breaking in whitest foam on the yellow
sand! And then the curve of Mount
Carmel, Acca white in a misty distance,
and the Tomb of the Bab on the moun-
tainside. It all seems a dream from
which I must awaken be here
again in this blessed land! The air is
fragrant with many flowers, the breeze
is cool and sweet God's peace breathes
about one.
At the station many people lined the
track. Suddenly I saw a hand waved
and Mirza Lotfullah was at the car-win-
dow. It was so good to see him! Out-
side the train another young Bahai, who
clerks at the station, joined us for a
moment, then went back to his work.
We found a carriage--and again I was
carried up the steep streets to the beloved
Pilgrim House.
To come back to the Pilgrim House is
to come back home. Its dear peace and
quiet fill one's heart. I love its high-
ceilinged faint fragrance that
greets one--the cleanliness--the tiled

