278 STAR OF THE WEST
We wanted to start for another caravan-
seria, we often saw these two men fast
asleep. would go and shake them
and they would Wake with much diffi-
culty. I/Vhile walking they always chant-
ed communes and supplications.
In those days a famine raged all along
the road. Vl/hen we reached a station
l\/Iirza _]'afar and I would ride from one
village to another, from one Arab or
Kurdish tent to another trying to get
food, straw, barley, etc., for men and
animals. a time we were out till
midnight.
One day we happened to call on a
Turk who was harvesting. Seeing his
large pile of straw we thought we had
come to the end of our search. I 'ap-
proached the Turk politely, and said,
"W'e are your guests and one of the con-
ditions of (religious) Faith is to honor
the newly arrived guests. I have heard
that you are a very liberal people, very
generous, and that whenever you enter-
tain a guest you kill and cook for him a
whole sheep. Now, we desire such and
such a thing, and are ready to pay any
price that you demand. We hope this is
sufficiently reasonable."
He thought for a moment, and then
said, "Open your sack."
Mirza ]afar opened it and he put into
it a few handfuls of straw.
I was amused, and said, "Oh, my
BAHAI NEWS
FRONT all parts of the world there
come reports of the majestic onward
march of the Cause of the most great
peace. Great interest and growth are
manifest in Bagdad, Constantinople, in
Egypt, in Australia; there are growth and
activity in India, Persia and Iapan. In
Germany there is growing a deep spiritual
hunger, and great Bahai meetings are
held. Mr. Herrigel recently spoke in Ber-
lin and many other cities to very appre-
ciative audiences. Everywhere the people
are eagerly listening to the Bahai Glad
Tidings. During the last year a young
friend! What can we do with this straw?
We have thirty-six animals and we want
feed for every one of them l"
In brief, everywhere We encountered
many difficulties, until we arrived in Kar-
pout. I-Iere, we saw that our animals had
become lean, and Walked with great diffi-
culty. But we could not get straw and
barley for them.
At Karpout the Acting Governor-
General came to call on with him
brought ten car-loads of rice, ten sacks
of barley, ten sheep, several baskets of
rice, several bags of sugar, many pounds
of butter, etc. These were sent as gifts
by the Governor-General, Ezzat Pasha,
to the Blessed Perfection.
After our experiences, and knowing
how diflicult it was to get anything from
the farmers along the I
looked at these things I knew that they
were sent from God, and they were glad-
ly accepted.
At that time Aga Hossein Ashjee was
the assistant cook. He worked day and
night and had no time to sleep.
We stayed at Karpout one week and
had a good rest. For two days and nights
I did nothing but sleep.
The Governor-General, Ezzat Pasha,
called on the Blessed Perfection. He was
a very good man and showed much love
and service.--Re-corded by Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab.
AND NOTES
Bahai from India, Kaushal Kishor Bhar-
gava, came to Esslingen. In a few months
he gained sufficient knowledge of the Ger-
man language to enable him to give ad-
dresses in German upon the Bahai prin-
ciples and their life-giving message. He
held meetings in Bremen, Hamburg, Ber-
lin, Leipzig, Karlsruhe, Stuttgart, Goppin-
gen and Esslingen. Everywhere he found
open hearts and minds, and it often hap-
pened that at one or two o'clock in the
morning the friends were -unwilling to go
home from the meetings, such was the
interest created.

