STAR OF THE WEST 93
tions in finding souls who are eflicient
in Bahai work, seeking the happiness of
others in order to attain unity, ban on
religious politics but seeking guidance
instead, the responsibilities of the new
National Spiritual Assembly and the
election thereof, the taking up of the
responsibilities of the Cause by the
friends so much Wished for by Abdul-
Baha, the very successful publicity work
of the press committee, the limitation
on all Bahai publications save those ap-
proved by the National Spiritual As-
sembly, the large audiences at the meet-
ings for teaching and the evident attrac-
tion of souls, the transition into a new
day in the history of the Glorious Cause,
and "firmness, severance, wholehearted-
ness" as the aim and purpose of each
and all were among the realities which
illumined this glorious Convention. The
friends in council proceeded with a sim-
plicity, courtesy, harmony and dignity
worthy of the Cause which ofiers true
salvation and the Most Great Peace to
all the denizens of earth.
This Supplication, reoealecl by Abdul-Baha and now recited by His loved ones
at His Holy Shrine, was read at the beginning of every session of the Con-
vention:
Whosoever reciteth this prayer With lowliness and fervor Will bring gladness and
joy to the heart of this servant: it will be even as meeting him face to
face--
He is the All-Glorious!
God, my God! Lowly and tearful, I raise my suppliant hands to Thee
and cover my face in the dust of that threshold of Thine, exalted above the
knowledge of the learned and the praise of all that glorify Thee. Graciously look
upon Thy servant, humble and lowly at Thy door, with the glances of the 
of Thy mercy and immerse him in the ocean of Thy eternal grace.
Lord! He is a poor and miserable servant of Thine enthralled and implor-
ing Thee, captive in Thy hands, praying fervently to Thee, trusting in Thee, in
tears before Thy face, calling to Thee and beseeching Thee, saying:
Lord! My God! Give me Thy grace to serve Thy loved ones, strengthen
me in my servitude to Thee; illumine my brow with the light of adoration in
Thy court of holiness and of prayer to Thy kingdom of grandeur. Help me to be
selfless at the heavenly entrance of Thy gate and aid me to be detached from
all the things Within Thy holy precincts. Lord! Give me to drink from the
chalice of s-elflessness, With its robe clothe me and in its ocean immerse me.
Make me as dust in the pathway of Thy loved ones and grant that I may offer
up my soul for the earth trodden by the footsteps of Thy chosen ones in Thy
path, Lord of glory in the highest!"
With this prayer doth Thy servant call Thee, at dawn-tide and in the
night season. Fulfil his heart 's desire. Lord! illumine his heart, gladden his
breast, kindle his light, that he may serve Thy Cause and Thy servants.
Thou art the Bestower, the Pitiful, the Most Bountiful, the Gracious, the
Merciful, the Compassionate.

