A VISIT TO BAHJE BY THE WAY OF THE 
"The Spell of the Holy 
BY Nnumn S. Fsnmon
AS I sit at my desk wondering which
of the deep and lasting impressions
of our visit to the Master, Abdul Baha,
during the days of the Rizwan in May,
1921, I should commit to paper for the
good pleasure of the friends, I am so
insistently drawn to the incidents of the
journey and the arrival in the presence
of the Master, that I must begin with
those at least, and let the rest take care
of itself. Not a thousandth part of what
is really implanted and constantly grow-
ing in my mind and heart could possibly
find expression, for there are no words
with which to make those impressions
clear to the reader, nor indeed was I
myself conscious of all that I was imbib-
ing, nor of the doors of knowledge which
were being opened before my face at the
time.
Five days of patient waiting in Haifa,
for the time when we might go had given
us a beautiful insight into the loving
service and devotion of the friends there,
and were preparation for the crowning
event of our pilgrimage. We took the
little train at about five-thirty on Friday
afternoon, occupying a railway carriage
of the most primitive type in company
with what might have been a party of
laboring "commuters" returning to
Akka for the night. The train traveled
slowly, but as it ran along the very edge
of the Mediterranean the cool sea breeze
soon rose, to the discomfort of the other
travelers, and one by one the Wooden
shutters of the car were raised, entirely
shutting out all light and air and the
fresh sweet breeze of the sea.
We seemed not to be of special inter-
est to our traveling companions, though
I confess I was intensely interested in
them, to know what they knew of the
wonderful story of the ages which had
been, and was being, enacted in their
very midst, and I would have given
much to know the language of the coun-
try.
We reached the station of Akka, a
short distance from the city walls, just
as the sun was sending its last horizon-
tal rays across the sea, bathing the valley
of "Achor" in its last crimson rays.
Starting on foot toward Bahje, Where
Abdul Baha was S0-journing, in the little
house adjoining the Shrine of Baha
'Ullah, we left the calm blue sea locating
its ceaseless on the sandy beach
behind us, and turned our faces toward
the plain. Never shall I forget the sight
which lay before us! A light shower
had fallen, leaving everything fresh and
green, with that indescribable fragrance
which only a shower in a dry land can
produce. Over the Lebanon mountains
there lay the last glow of the sunset and
far away in the distance here and there"
curls of smoke rose to indicate some lit-
tle hamlet gathering its people for the
evening meal. All was still and a peace
reigned quite unbroken save for the
sound of the waves which grew fainter
and fainter as we progressed. Then out
of the twilight came little groups of pil-
grims, Persians for the most part, who
had traveled for weeks to spend a few
hours in the presence of Abdul Baha!
They were very quiet, walking With the
even, slow gait of those eastern peoples;
each carrying a small bundle of belong-
ings. They seemed not even to be con-
versing as we approached them, 'but
when we were near they stopped, and I
saw on the faces of those men a joy not
of this world, as they greeted us in the
name of God, and seemed to impart to
us without words the sense of fellowship
and sympathy.
Our path led further and further into
the country, past the distant walls of
the prison town, over the battlefield of
the ages. It was rather a rough road in
places, and the hour and the still of the
night coming down kept each one wrapt
in his own thoughts. Finally in the dis-
tance there appeared a light; it seemed
116

