THE ORIGIN OF RACE-COLOR 307
But remember, races essentially differ-
ent cannot worship the same God. Races
that worship the same God cannot re-
main essentially diiferent. . . .
No man may see God without obedi-
ence to' His commands. None may long
see without imitating His virtues. None
may live in His presence without growing
into His likeness. Let no man suggest for
you any standard less than the best, any
brotherhood which excludes any race,
any perfection less than the perfection of
the God of the Universe . . . . .
. .
The sons of God must be like the
Father, if they are to be like each other
and to create that Brotherhood of Man
which is to usher in the reign of the King-
dom of Peace throughout this broad earth
of ours. A universal God and a universal
truth will bring the unity of all mankind.
The solution of the problem of world
unity and of world peace is the discovery
of the One God by all the world.
THE ORIGIN OF RACE-COLOR
A Tablet from Abdul Baha
TO Mr. Thomas Maxwell, Chicago,
Ill. Upon him be greetings and
praise.
thou who art striving for the wel-
fare of the world of humanity! The con-
tents of thy letter were in accordance
with the facts. Indeed, the world of hu-
manity is like one kindred and one family.
Because of the climatic differences of the
zones, through the passing of ages, colors
have become different. In the torrid zone,
on account of the intensity of the effect
of the sun throughout the ages the black
race appeared. In the frigid zone, on ac-
count of the severity of the cold and the
ineffectiveness of the heat of the sun
throughout the ages the white race ap-
peared. In the temperate zone, the yel-
low, brown and red races came into ex-
istence. But in reality mankind is one
race. Because it is of one race unques-
tionably there must be unity and har-
mony and no separation or discord.
God be praised! The animal, notwith-
standing that it is a captive of nature
and nature completely dominates it, does
not attach importance to color. For in-
stance, thou dost behold that the black,
White, yellow, blue and other colored pig-
eons are in utmost harmony with one an-
other. They never give importance to
color. Likewise sheep and the beasts are
in utmost love and unity. But man is
peculiar in that he has made color the
means of strife. Between the white and
the black there is the utmost estrange-
ment and discord. When we enter a rose
garden we behold how beautiful is the
display of variegated flowers. The dif-
ference of color is the adornment of the
rose garden. \/Vere it of one color it
would not have such splendor. The
adornment of the rose garden is this, that
it contains roses of variegated color.
Thus it becomes evident that difference
of color is the adornment of the world of
humanity. Therefore it must not be the
cause of discord.
I hope that you with your soul may
strive and become a cause of establish-
ing harmony and love between the black
and the white.
Upon thee be greetings and praise!
(Signed) Abdul Baha Abbas.
Translated by Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi,
August 14-, 1922, Chicago, Ill.
SIGNS OF THE TIMES
HIT is not difiicult to discern even
now the broad lines on which the
new era in Europe is in process of for-
mation. The unity of the civilized human
peoples, which was formerly known as
the unity of Christianity, is now replaced
by internationalism in science, in politi-
cal economy, and in law. This is to be
the basis of the future edifice put to-
gether by those who cooperate in peace
rather than kill in war. There is no
longer any possibility on the European
Continent of the conquest or assimilation
of one people by another. The interde-
pendence of European countries is so
complete that any break in it would bring
on general disaster. So the question of
'victors' and of 'vanquished' is secondary
and really has nothing to do with the
new situation. It is All Europe which is

