also to Chicago where they were joined
by Mrs. Cretsinger, Mrs. Ralston, Mr.
John Bosch and Dr. D'Evelyn, who was
delegate to the Convention that year,
and all enjoyed the privilege of attend-
ing the momentous Bahai Convention
and all the great public meetings ad-
dressed by Abdul Baha during this, l11S
first visit to Chicago. They were also
fortunate enough to be quartered in the
same hotel and thus were enabled to se-
cure many quiet moments of his precious
time as Well as to hear the daily talks
given to the little groups constantly
gathering in the parlor of the hotel. It
was during one of these quiet hours that
Abdul Baha sent for Mrs. Goodall, her
daughter, Mrs. Cooper, and Miss Bailey.
Earlier in the day they had put flowers
in his room for which he now thanked
them as he greeted them with his
heavenly smile, saying: "You are more
to me that the flowers for you are my
living flowers. These flowers have only
color, but you have life. It makes me
very happy to see you. When the hearts
are pure it makes me very happy. This
is what we came for--that the hearts
might be made pure. I care not for
ease, I care not for comfort. When I
see pure hearts, then nothing else
matters."
Another day he said: "Mrs. Good-
all's value is not known 110w; it will be
known in the future. She has no other
thought than to serve the Cause. God
has certain treasuries hidden in the
world which he reveals when the time
comes. She is like one of these treas~
uries."
Filled with humility and thankful-
ness, most of the California party re-
turned home. About a month later
Mrs. Goodall and Mrs. Cooper were sur-
prised to receive a telegram from the
Master summoning them to New York
as, planning soon to depart for the
Orient he desired to see them before he
left. They hastened across the continent
once more, taking with them Miss Har-
riet Wise, and arrived in New York
early in July.
Again they had the happiness of asso-
ciating with the beloved Master and
listening to his heavenly voice in both
public addresses and private talks. The
Bahais at home having by now given up
all hope of seeing Abdul Baha in the
west were weeping and lamenting and
sending a stream of letters of entrcaty
expressing their unbearable disappoint-
ment. These touched his heart, and
after the return of Mrs. Goodall to Cali-
fornia a change came in the plans and a
little later the glad news was received
that he would, after all, visit the western
coast of the United States. Realizing
the great physical difficulty of such a
journey for him and the actual sacrifice
he was making to assuage their grief the
western friends appreciated his visit
most deeply and all who possibly could
gathered at San Francisco to partake of
the bounty of his beloved presence and
bask in the warm sunlight of his bound>>-
less love.
He was accompanied by four of his
Persian followers, also little Fugcta, and
all were the guests of Mrs. Goodall, who
took a furnished house for them during
the month. Whenever there were meet-
ings across the Bay the party was enter-
tained in the Oakland home which thus
became doubly endeared to all the
friends. Never will they forget the
Feast of October 16th when the Master
was so joyously happy and when, in the
midst of it, remembering his lonely
friends in the Holy Land, he went
quietly upstairs to write a letter to the
"angel of Mount Carmel," Haji Mirza
Haidar Ali.
The Master spent two days in Los
Angeles in order to visit the grave of
Mr. Thornton Chase. He was accom-
panied by the returning friends who had
come to greet him in San Francisco and
one or two of the San Francisco be-
lievers who also were permitted. Mrs.
Goodall drove Abdul Baha to the train
with no idea of joining the party, but at
the last moment he insisted that she
should go with them and so she did,
most happily, but without even a comb
or brush in the way of preparation.
During the visit to California Abdul
Baha showed Mrs. Goodall extraordi-
nary kindness, requesting her to come
every morning as early as possible and
to remain all day in his home. Over and
205

