THE SOLUTION OF THE ECONOMIC PROBLEM 231
II. COMPILATION
The question of socialization is very
important. It will not be solved by
strikes for wages. All the governments
of the world must be united and organ-
ize an assembly the members of which
should be elected from the parliaments
and the nobles of the nations. These
must plan with utmost Wisdom and
power so that neither the capitalists suf-
fer from enormous losses nor the labor-
ers become needy. In the utmost mod-
eration they should make the law; then
announce to the public that the rights of
the working people are to be strongly
preserved. Also the rights of the capi-
talists are to be protected. When such
a general plan is adopted by the will of
both sides, should a strike occur, all the
governments of the world collectively
should resist it. Otherwise, the labor
problem will 'lead to much destruction,
especially in Europe. Terrible things
will take place.
For instance, the owners of proper-
ties, mines and factories should share
their incomes with their employees and
give a fairly certain percentage of their
products to their workingmen in order
that the employees may receive, beside
their Wages, some of the general income
of the factory so that the employee may
strive with his soul in the work.
No more trusts will remain in the fu-
ture. The question of the trusts will be
wiped away entirely. Also, every fac-
tory that has ten thousand shares 
give two thousand shares of these ten
thousand to its employees and will write
the shares in their names, so that they
may have them, and the rest will belong
to the capitalists. Then at the end of
the month or year whatever they may
earn after the expenses and wages are
paid, according to the number of shares,
should be divided among both. In real-
ity, so far great injustice has befallen
the common people. Laws must be made
because it is impossible for the laborers
to be satisfied with the present system.
They will strike every month and every
year. Finally, the capitalists will lose.
In ancient times a strike occurred among
the Turkish soldiers. They said to the
government: Our Wages are very small
and they should be increased.' The
government was forced to give them
their demands. Shortly alterwards they
struck again. Finally all the incomes
went to the pockets of the soldiers to
the extent that they killed the king, say-
ing: 'Why didst thou not increase the
income so that we might have received
more?'
It is impossible for a country to live
properly without laws. To solve this
problem rigorous laws must be made, so
that all the governments of the world
Will be the protectors thereof.
From a talk given in America in
1912 at the home of a government offi-
cial.)
In the Bolshevistic principles equal-
ity is effected through force. The lass-
es who are opposed to the people of rank
and to the Wealthy class desire  par-
take of their advantages.
But in the Divine Teachings equal-
ity is brought about through a ready
Willingness to share. It is commanded
as regards Wealth that the rich among
the people, and the aristocrats should,
by their own free will and for the sake
of their own happiness, concern them-
selves with and care for the poor. This
equality is the result of the lofty char-
acteristics and noble attributes of man-
kind.
(From a Tablet to Olly Schwarz,
Stuttgart, Germany. Mount Oarmel,
Feb. 1920.)
But where thousands are co11sider-
ing these questions, we have more es-
sential questions. The secret of the so-
lution of the whole economic question
is divine in nature and is concerned with
the world of the heart and spirit. In
the Bahai teaching this is most com-
pletely explained. . . 
The disease which afflicts the body
politic is lack of love and absence of al-
truism. In the heart of men no real love
is found, and the condition is such that
unless their susceptibilities are quick-
ened by some power there can be no
healing, no agreement among mankind.
Love and unity is the need of the body

