incurables. In still another part there
will be a home for the poor. In still
another part there will be a home for
orphans. All these will be administered
with love. I foresee that this harbor
(Haifa) will be full of vessels. And
from here to the Blessed Shrine (Bahje)
there will be wide avenues, on both sides
of which there will be trees and gardens.
On_ the surrounding land at Bahje simi-
lar institutions to those at Mount Car-
mel will be established. And from all
these places the songs of praise and ex-
altation will be raised to the Supreme
Concourse. 
Regarding the Bahai Temple to be
built on Mount Carmel Abdul Baha
wrote to Mr. Charles Mason Remey of
Washington, D. C., in a tablet dated
October 7, 1921: "Some time ago I
wrote thee a letter the content of which
was that, praise be to God, thou hast be-
come confirmed in drawing a plan for
the pilgrim house in Haifa. It is my
hope that this pilgrim house may be
built under your supervision. Also in
the future a Mashreq'ul Azkar will be
established on Mount Carmel. Thou wilt
be its architect and founder. I give thee
this glad tidings."
OUR STAR OF THE WEST
The Star of the West is a wonderful
record of the making of Bahai history,
a treasure house of Bahai documents.
It is a herald to teach the Cause, to
unfold its principles and attract the
multitudes who are hungering for the
pure, universal, life-renewing teachings
which Baha/Ullah and Abdul Baha are
presenting to the World. As Abdul
Baha has said: "Strive most strenu-
ously that such Tablets, articles and
news be published in its columns that
they may become the cause of the attrac-
tion of the hearts of the seekers and con-
ducive to the happiness of the hearts of
the friends."
Shoghi Effendi has outlined his plan
for the Star of the West, how he Wishes
it to become more and more universal so
as to interest all those who are working
for universal brotherhood, religion and
peace; for We are all one who are seek-
ing to build the universal city on earth.
To bring to consummation the glori-

ous destiny which Abdul Baha and
Shoghi Effendi have planned for the
Star of the West we need the coopera-
tion of all the friends. We need schol-
arly, interesting articles, beautiful pic-
tures and vital, universal news from all
parts of the world. We need increased
funds, for printing is expensive. We
need a greatly increased subscription
list to enable us to fulfill Shoghi Ef-
fendi's ideal for the Star of the West,
that it may become a great spiritual
teacher bringing the universal Glad
Tidings to thousands of people. There-
fore We ask the cooperation and as-
sistance of every friend of Abdul
Baha. To take extra subscriptions and
additional single copies and give
them to seekers is a great Way of
service. To subscribe for a friend is a
splendid Way to assist and to send to that
friend's door each month this herald of
the heavenly teachings. As a help to
this increased circulation we are making
special subscription offers.


