over he commended her pioneering
efforts and addressed her as the spiritual
mother of the Assembly, saying: 
leave my sheep in your care." Upon
his return to New York, speaking of the
firmness of the California friends, he
said to one of the old Bahais there:
have planted a garden in California
and it must not be disturbed."
On one occasion someone referred to
California as the Golden State and this
period as the Golden Age. Abdul Baha
smilingly responded: "California is
the Diamond State and this is not the
Golden Age but the Diamond Age."
During the next few years Mrs. Good-
all travelled extensively on the Pacific
Coast speaking to the new assemblies of
the Covenant.
Then came the first International
Bahai Congress, held at the Panama
Exposition in the spring of 1915.
Mrs. Goodall and her daughter trav-
elled across the continent to meet the
speakers and arrange the sessions. As
Dr. D'Evelyn says, there were "many
long conferences," "with Mrs. Goodall
as the directing voice. Never a moment
of doubt or of shadow disturbed her."
Serene and gentle, but firm and certain,
'That is good; that is fine; we will
leave the guidance to Abdul Baha,' was
ever the last word for all the complex
problems that arose."
One of her beautiful characteristics
was an abiding and radiant serenity.
She was, as one has said who knew her
daily life for years, "like an exquisite
lily of the valley, her favorite flower, or a
rare and delicate alabaster lamp through
which the light of the illumined soul
shone with a soft glow that never
waned, steady and clear unto the end."
In 1920 came the crowning glory of
her long years of service, the permission
to make once more the holy pilgrimage
to Mount Carmel, to stand again in the
beloved Presence and to kneel and wor-
ship at the sacred shrines. Although
very frail; the blessed anticipation so
sustained her that the long journey was
accomplished almost as by miracle.
Accompanied by her daughter, Mrs.
Frankland and Mrs. Georgia
Ralston she reached the goal of her
heart 's desire on October 21, 1920, and
was privileged to remain for thirty days
submerged in that ocean of light.
Volumes could be written about that
visit, particularly in the light of later
events, but suffice it to say that during
that blessed month Mrs. Goodall was
perfectly Well and radiantly happy, as
is evidenced by the smiling photograph
taken in Abdul Baha's garden. One
day Abdul Baha said to the pilgrims a
few very impressive Words: "Never
forget these days. Never forget these
days. The more you remember them the
more spiritual you will become."
One of Mrs. Goodall 's chief character-
istics vvas her alert readiness to respond
to any instruction or suggestion from
Abdul Baha. When he summoned her
to New York she caught the first train
possible and was commended for her
prompt arrival. When the tablet to
Mrs. True was received confirming the
beginning of the Temple work in Chi-
cago in 1903, Mrs. Goodall was quick to
grasp its great significance, and imme-
diately brought it before the Assembly,
urging contributions to be sent at once
as an encouragement to the courageous
little band in Chicago who Were un_der-
taking the tremendous financial respon-
sibility as an act of pure faith. Due to
her efforts the first contribution from the
friends of the Occident was received
from the Oakland Assembly. Again, in
1916, when the five glorious Teaching
Tablets, revealed for the United States
and Canada were received in this coun-
try she instantly visualized their epoch-
making importance. Although away
from home with her family she lost not
a moment but began the copying and
spreading of these vitalizing words,
Writing letters to the Assemblies urging
them to arise to this clarion call and
sending telegrams as well to the Star of
the West urging immediate publication
of the tablets and pledging her ardent
support of the campaign for the world-
wide teaching so magnificently outlined
by Abdul Baha.
Her acceptance of the news of the
Ascension of Abdul Baha. was with out-
ward tranquility, but inwardly with
such a deep sense of loss that it did not
surprise her family and friends to see
206

