24 STAR OF THE WEST
of Life which appeared by Thy command and was revealed by the finger of
Thy will."
In a Tablet to Abdul-Baha He says also: God! This is a Branch Which
has sprung forth from the Tree of Oneness, the Sadrat of Thy unity. God,
Thou seest him (the Branch) looking to Thee a11d clinging to the rope of Thy
bounties. Protect him in the shelter of Thy mercy! Thou knowest, my
God, that I do not desire him save for what Thou dost desire him, and I do
not choose him save for what Thou dost choose him. Assist him with the hosts
of Thy earth and Thy heaven. Assist, God, those who a.ssist him and choose
those who choose him. Confirm those who draw nigh unto him and debase
those who deny him and do not want him. God, Thou seest that at this
moment of revelation my pen shakes and my being trembles. I ask Thee, by
my impatience in Thy love and my willingness to proclaim Thy Cause, to
ordain for him .and his friends what Thou hast ordained for Thy Messengers and
the faithful ones of Thy revelation. Verily, Thou art the Powerful and the
Omnipotent! By God, people, my weeps, and the of Ali (the Fourth
Caliph) weeps in the Supreme Concourse; my heart throb-s, and the heart of
l\/lohammed throb-s in the Courts of Abha; my heart and the hearts of the
prophets lament with the people of knowledge, if you are of those who are
possessed with sight. My sorrow is not for myself, but for the one who comes
after me in the shadow of the Cause with a clear, undeniable reign; because
these Will not acknowledge his manifestation and will deny his evidences and
verses, will dispute his power, will antagonize him and will be traitors to his
Cause, as they did to his person in those days, and ye were witnesses."
Again in a Tablet to Abdul-Baha He says: Greatest Branch! Verily,
thy illness caused me sorrow, but God will cure thee, and He is the most generous
and best helper. Glory be upon thee and upon those who serve thee and en-
circle thee! "Toe and torment be upon him who opposes and torments thee!
Blessed is he who befriends thee, and hell be for him who opposes thee."
Likewise He says: "Is it possible that after the dawning of the Sun of
Thy Testament from the horizon of Thy greatest Tablet, that any foot shall
slip away from the right path"! We s-aid, my supreme pen, it behooves thee
to do as thou hast been hidden by God, the Exalted and the Great. Do not
ask about that which melts thy heart and those of the denizens of paradise
who encompass Thy wonderful Cause. Thou shouldest not know what We have
hidden from thee. Thy Lord is the Veiler and the Knower. Turn thy most
luminous face to the greatest aspect and say: my merciful God! Decorate
the heaven of Beg/rm with the stars of steadfastness, trust and truth. Verily,
Thou art the powerful over what Thou willest. There is no God save Thee, the
VVise and the Generous!"
In short, from these holy utterances and those of His Holiness Christ it
becomes clear, evident and proved, that man should associate with people who are
firm in the Covenant and Testament, and befriend the pure ones; because bad
associates bring about infection of bad qualities. It is like leprosy; it is im-
possible for a man to associate and befriend a leper and not be infected. This
command is for the sake of protection and to safeguard.
Consider this text of the New Testament: the brothers of His Holiness
Christ came to Him and it was said, "These are your brothers." He answered
that his brothers were those who believed in God, and refused to associate with
his own brothers.

