Teachers are getting a vision of their
opportunities to dispel prejudice. F. J.
Libby i11 the "Journal of National Edu-
cation" says; "Geograpliy when well
taught leads to the world wide vision."
"Science knows no national bound-
aries and the- scientific spirit no pre-
,judices."
Do such writers as H. G. "Tells and
Hendrik Van Loon unconsciously re-
gister the "end of tl1e age" and the be-
ginning of the new age in their sum-
maries of \Vorld History?
Emile Cammaerts, a distinguished Bel-
gian poet pleads, in the "Hibbert Jour-
nal" for a closer intellectual understand-
ing to remove difficulties in the Way of
internationalism. Better translation of
the classics of all nations would do much
to bring the peoples in touch with each
other intellectually. But Cammaerts
realizes that the bond of u11ion must be
even deeper than the intellectual. "If
we are driven so far apart nowadays,"
he says, "is it not because we have not
yet reached the time when a religious
revival shall bring us together againMark Sabre, in "If \lVinter Comes"
represents the spirit of many in this
new day, a spirit groping for light, puz-
zling, pondering. "He paced among his
ideas as a man might pace around the
dismantled and shattered intricacies of
an intricate machine, knowing the parts
could be put together and the thing
worked usefully, not knowing how on
earth it could be done." Gradually cer-
tain fundamental laws shed light on
this puzzlement: "There 's only one life,
only one living--and we're all in it
Come into it the same way and go out of
it the same Way." Is not this the verna-
cular expression of Baha'Ullah's words,
"Do ye know why we have created you
all from one clay? That no one should
glorify himself over the other." And
again, "He came to determine that in-
finitely the most beautiful thing in life
was a face lighting up with the pleasure
of friendship. But he felt it was not in-
tirely the secret. The greeting passed;
the light faded; the wanting returned.
But he determined the key to the solu-
tion lay within that ambit. The happi-
ness was there. It Was here in life,
found, realized in loving uniting, as
warmth is found on stepping from
shadow into the sun. The thing lacking
was something that would fix it, render
it permanent--some thing? What?
Finally the nature of the solution be-
comes clear to him: "The remedy 's the
old remedy. The old God. But it 's more
than that. It 's Light: more light. The
old revelation was good for the old
world, and told in terms of the old
world's understanding. \Ve Want a. new
revelation in terms of the new world's
understanding. "Te want light, light!
Do you sup-pose al man who lives on
meat is going to find sustenance in bread
and milk? Do you suppose an age that
knows wireless and can fly is going to
find spiritual sustenance in the food of
an age that thought thunder was God
speaking?"
It is significant that "If VVinter
Comes" is a popular book, for the char-
acter of Mark Sabre is the main inter-
est in the book, and Mark Sabre is of the
New Day, one who illustrates the state-
ment of Abdul Baha that now souls have
attained "an extraordinary capacity."
M. H. P.
156

