spread them in their own ways. I
spread them through numerous churches
and papers in America; then also in
Europe.
"The word of God is powerful. It
will come to pass."
Question: "Should these principles be
spread under the name of Baha'Ullah
and Abdul Baha, or without these
names?" 
Answer: "In the beginning you
should mention Baha'Ullah. They are
his and are spread by Abdul Baha.
When all the world was in disorder,
when warfare Was prevailing in the East
and the \lVest, R-ussia. with Turkey, Per-
sia with England and Afganistan, -and
Garibaldi was fighting, the East was in
intense darkness. There was prejudice
of race and religion; national and polit-
ical prejudice. The East was in intense
darkness; the horizon was very dark.
And at such a time Baha'Ullah arose
and spread a set of teachings."
Question: "The students in the
schools have to study so many subjects!
There are arising more and more
sciences. \Vhat should be the remedy?' 
Answer: "It is too much. One must
be moderate in choosing the number of
subjects. When there are too many the
result is confusion. Moderation is nec-
essary. For instance: if a man has the
poWer to carry a load of three hundred
(pounds) he no doubt would fall if we
give him one thousand (pounds). He
cannot bear it. In the same way, one 's
brain must not be overburdened. For
instance: students should not have more
than six hours at day. lessons and prepa-
rations included. Otherwise they will
not succeed. The brain becomes tired."
Monday After/n00>>n, March 28, 1921."
The Master: "This lake is very
blessed. His holiness Christ and the
other prophets walked along its shore
and were in comlnunion with God all
the time and spreading the divine teach-
ings. Now, praise be to God that you
reached this land safely and we met one
another on the shore of this same lake!
You will receive great results from this
visit afterwards. You will become the
cause of the illumination of the world
of humanity. You will release the
hearts of the people from the intense
darkness of different prejudices, so that
each soul may love all the people of the
world, without distinction. Just like a
shepherd who is affectionate to all his
sheep, without preference or distinction,
you should be affectionate to all. You
should not look at their shortcomings.
Consider that they are all created by
God who loves them all."
Tuesday Morning, March 29th-:
The Master: "You have been here
three days. They are equal to three
years. In the Bible in the days of the
Lord one day was equal to one year. I
hope that these three days are equal to
three years. The results of this visit
will be equal to the results of three
years. Now you should go back in per-
fect harmony and joy and with supreme
glad tidings. You should gladden the
hearts with glad tidings of the Beauty
of Abha. Say to the friends: 'The
Kingdom of God has been opened to you.
The tree of life is yours. Heavenly
graces are bestowed upon you. The ef-
fulgence of the Sun of Truth is shed on
you. God has chosen you. This crown
He has placed upon your head. This
eternal life has been given you. There-
fore you should be very happy. Turn
day and night to the Kingdom of Abha.
Supplicate for boundless favors from
that Kingdom.'
am praying every night and I sup-
plicate and implore. I beg of God to be-
stow upon you infinite grace so that all
of us may attain to the station of servi-
tude, so that we may do as He wishes us
to do. are all His servants, drawing
light from the Sun of Ablia."
144

