filled, his coming is at hand, they pro-
claim.
The liberals insist that the fundamen-
talists lay too much stress on the literal
text of the Bible and the coming of a
kingdom of Wrath and vengeance. They
call for a deeper and more scientific un-
derstanding of the Bible.
From the Bahai point of view both
parties have caught and are reflecting
the rays of the new day, but each sees
different rays. Prophets always write
in figures of speech. As Abdul Baha
says, it is only figures of speech that
can outlast the changes in languages. A
symbol drawn from nature or age-long
human relations has an external qual-
ity. But figures of speech like divine
poetry must be interpreted. They are
tests of spiritual insight. "When Christ
came nineteen hundred years ago," says
Abdul Baha, "those Who interpreted
the scriptures literally denounced and
slew him, saying: 'This is not the one
for Whom We Wait. Behold, when the
Messiah shall come signs and Wonders
will testify that he is in truth the
Christ. We know the signs and condi-
tions and they have not appeared. The
Messiah will arise out of an unknown
city. He will sit upon the throne of
David, and behold he will come with a
sword of steel and with a scepter of iron
will he rule.' . . . The letter they
knew by heart, but of the life-giving
Spirit they understood not a word.
"Hearken and I will show you the
meaning thereof. Although he came
from Nazareth, which was a known
place, he also came from heaven. His
body was born of Mary, but his spirit
came from heaven. The sword he car-
ried Was the sword of his tongue, with
which he divided the good from the
evil, the true -from the false, the faith-
ful from the unfaithful and the light
from the darkness. His word was in-
deed a sharp sword! The throne upon
which he sat is the Eternal Throne from
which Christ reigns forever, a heavenly
throne, not an one, for the
things of earth pass away but heavenly
things pass not away."
All over Christendom today is ring-
ing the thought, the glorious expecta-
tion: "The Master is coming!" On
some of the doors of the houses at Haifa,
Palestine, for seventy years men have
read: "The Lord is Near!" This
thought of the return of Christ is ring-
ing through the world today with an in-
sistance never known perhaps in two
thousand years. The real spiritual
meaning of Christ-'s return will be
brought out in the next issue of the
STAR or THE WEs'r."
But the great need is to return to the
pure teaching of Jesus.
How the hearts of the nations cry for
a return of the pure teachings of Christ,
of Buddha, of Mohammed, the eternal
essence of religion which is universal
love! A Christian minister in 1912
called on Abdul Baha in Boston and
asked: "How can we help this Bahai
movement toward universal peace and
brotherhood?" Abdul Baha replied:
"Teach the pure gospel of Jesus with-
out dogmatic additions or imitations."
A professor in one of the American
universities asked Abdul B-aha: "If 1
become a Bahai can I keep the religion
of my saintly Christian mother?" Abdul
Baha replied: "Of course you may keep
it. If you become a Bahai you will apply
it 7)
"To be a Bahai simply means to love
all the World to love humanity and try
to serve it; to work for universal peace
and universal 
Baha.
115

