IN ANATOLIA 239
by incidents, incidents chosen from
crowding memories, not because they are
exceptional but because they are typical.
One morning very early, before our
six o'clock breakfast, the Doctor and I
were taking our usual early morning
walk. We paused at the head of a won-
drous gulch facing the sunrise and as
we sat there we were joined by an old
Turkish peasant. He squatted near the
Doctor and opened a conversation and
though the Doctor had little Turkish
and the peasant knew no other tongue
they managed to understand each other
sufficiently for friendly intercourse.
And as, seated somewhat apart, I
watched the two I wished that I had my
camera that I might have a study in
contrasts. And my camera would have
recorded very striking differences--the
American Doctor, big, blond, immacu-
late in white duck "trousers, white can-
vas shoes, blue serge coat a11d panama
hat--the Turkish peasant, lean and
brown and very wrinkled, in baggy
trousers, barefooted and wearing a fez
around which was wound a strip of
dirty, vari-colored rag, for he was not
an effendi who was entitled to wear the
white of the scholar nor had he the dis-
tinction of the green--he was only an
obscure peasant. Yet these surface dif-
ferences are probably all that the cam-
era would have caught. It would have
needed a painter who was also an artist
to record what else I saW--the essen-
tial likeness back of the superficial dif-
ferences. Two men, brothers, were
communicating to each other their con-
sciousness that they were brothers.
Neither of them thought of brotherhood
in the abstract. They did 11ot theorize
about it. They were brothers, that was
all. As we walked back to the Per-
sonnel House for breakfast I saw high
over a terraced wall a veiled woman
tending her precious two or three red
geraniums. To her they were rare, ex-
otic flowers. I waved to her and called
"choke guzel chickekler" (very beauti-
ful flowers) and Went my way unthink-
ing. Soon we heard the sound of run-
ning feet and turned to see a boy, beam-
ing but almost too breathless to deliver
his message, bearing the red geraniums
and the salaams of the veiled woman.
Traveling from Kaisereyeh to Sivas
one hot summer day we stopped at the
door of a country hahn for water for
our Ford and while Mustapha, our Turk-
ish chauffeur. brought the water two>>
Turkish men who were evidently trav-
1
CAMEL TRAIN AT REST IN THE HOSPITAL YARD AT KAISEREYEI-I

