site table which was strewn over with
books. There Was a pause and a still-
ness a11d the dim light added to the mys-
tery and the magic of those sacred mo-
ments.
Abdul Baha.'s eyes were closed, his
white beard shone; over his countenance
was spread the calm of the deep. His
spotless white turban towered above his
head and as I looked I beheld his silvery
locks flowing beautifully over his broad
shoulders. .
Out of the unutterable stillness the
voice of the Beloved of the hearts was
heard.
"Happiness is the ambrosia of the
spirit and the nectar of the souls. It
confers 011 man the boon of immortality
and the gift of spiritual vision. Happi-
ness is the morning star guiding the
Wandering to the perennial ab-ode of the
blessed. Happiness is the 
river flowing from the heavenly moun-
tains through the paradise of the mind
and causing to grow upon its banks the
imperishable ideals of humanity. Hap-
piness is the cherubim of the Almighty
Which inspires mankind to perform feats
of self-sacrifice a11d deeds of disinter-
ested philanthrophy. Happiness is the
melodiously singing nightingale which
transforms the darkened World of sorrow
into the shining realm of celestial beati-
tude. Happiness is the surging ocean in
the which the diver finds the
pearls of resignation and the corals of
renunciation. Happiness is the elysium
wherein grow the asphodels of good-will
and the amaranths of forgiveness. Hap-
piness is the heaven of God, the blue
fields of which are studded with the
bright rolling orbs of satisfaction and
the fixed stars of contentment. Happi-
ness is the scintillating crown of hu-
tnanity the shining gems of which are the
teachings of the past prophets and the
principles of his holiness Baha'Ullah.
"The happiness of man is not depend-
ent upon outward things such as riches,
ornaments and clothes. It is, however,
dependent upon the susceptibilities of
the heart and the attitude of the mind."
SEGMENTS OF THE CIRCLE
by 
AS a moderating influence in those
moments when We, as Bahais, ap-
proach the danger zone of dogma; as a
solace in days of discouragement and at
all times when We would make common
effort with our fellows, it is well to be
aware of the quickening influence on the
world at la.rge in the time of the Mani-
festation.
On the day of a Wedding it is not
only the bride and bridegroom, their
families and their guests make
1nerry--the servants i11 the house, the
grocer boy at the kitchen door, the very
mouse in the pantry cupboard take share
in the marriage feast. If We believe in
the oneness of humanity, the interde-
pendence of all creatures, the interaction
and reaction of all life forces, We must
know that the Whole planet is quickened
and vitalized in this day.
Although the world may seem to lack
mighty protagonists in religious fields a
thousand voices are raised by ardent men
and women who see clearly that aspect of
the truth which impinges on their own
fields of endeavor and who faintly
glimpse the Whole truth. On every side
We find indications of the spirit; in the
average individual who cries for things
spiritual in revulsion of discouragement
against the meliorist who would right the
153

