328 LETTERS FROM SHOGHI EFFENDI
all the creatures. Thus in the Bahai
Cause organization has come into being
through the direction and cooperation of
the friends in both spiritual and material
affairs. After vainly, through thousands
of years, striving to attain peace through
material organization of spiritual affairs,
man now attains supreme happiness
through the spiritual organization of ma-
terial affairs. Certainly no harm can re-
sult to any one from this.
The pillar of Bahai organization is jus-
tice; its glory is service; its bright jewel
is humility; its banner is trustworthiness;
its light is Guidance; its armour is prayer;
its treasury is Divine Love; its exalted
purpose is unity. Its members should be
free from prejudices against all men. They
should be Godlike in their firmness, stead-
fastness and universality. They should
obey the Center of life and power and
count themselves nothing in His Path.
They should be able to discover their own
faults, confess them before God and be
able to see the virtues of other people.
They should not choose themselves for
positions of honor, but be chosen by oth-
ers. Under the Instructions of Abdul
Baha, a greater body should be first ap-
pointed, from which a smaller body will
be elected. In this simple, quiet way, ex-
citement of elections is avoided and har-
mony advanced.
The future of Bahai organization is
bright and glorious. The Mashreq'Ul-
Azkar, around which many institutions
will center,--such as the school for or-
phans, the hospital, the hospice, the abode
for the aged and infirm and the college of
applied sciences, will in its very nature as
well as administration, require very ef-
ficient organization.
The Universal House of justice, head-
ed by the revered Guardian of the Cause,
the various National Spiritual Assemblies
and the Spiritual Assemblies to be found
in all Cities, the International Arbitral
Court and the federation of the world,
each and all bespeak the divine evolution
of organization to an efiiciency undream-
ed of, with the noblest and most exalted
purpose.
The world spiritually organized in the
Light of Bahai Principles will be the re-
fiection of the Supreme Concourse.
(Signed) Louis G. Gregory, Agnes S.
Parsons, Mariam Haney:--wl1o consti-
tute the Committee appointed by The
National Spiritual Assembly in January,
1923, to prepare this document on Bahai
Organization.
LETTERS FROM SHOGHI EFF ENDI
TO THE FRIENDS IN ENGLAND
my beloved brethren and sisters throughout Great Britain, care of the
I 'Members of the Bahai Council.
Dearest Friends 
I have during the last few days been Waiting eagerly for the first written
messages of my Western friends, sent to me since they learned of my return to
the Holy Land. How great was the joy when dear l\/Iiss Rosenberg's letter--the
very first that reached mefrom the handed to me this evening, bearing
the joyful news of the safety, unity, and the happiness of my British friends across
the seas! I read it and re-read it with particular pleasure, and felt a thrill of de-
light at the welcome news of the harmonious and efficient functioning of your
Spiritual Assembly.
I very sincerely hope that now that I have fully re-entered upon my task, I
may be enabled to offer my humble share of assistance and advice in the all-impor-
tant work now before you. I fervently pray to God that the field of your activities
may go on expanding, that your zeal and efforts may never diminish, and that new
souls, active, able and sincere may soon join with you in bearing aloft the glorious
standard of the Cause in that land.

