ligious ideals and history of any one
faith, but the fundamental truths of all
the great religions of the world. An
understanding and appreciation of the
principles of the abolition of preju-
dice, of economic justice and of universal
peace must become so deeply rooted in
the child that no experience can shake
her allegiance. Her whole nature should
be interpenetrated with the ideal of the
oneness of mankind and all that that
implies. The lack of such a training in
spiritual principles is especially unfor-
tunate at the adolescent period, an age
at which it is absolutely necessary here
in. the East to send the girls to schools
at a distance. In the schools of the
United States some of the universal
ideals taught by Baha 'Ullah and Abdul
Baha are being gradually introduced
into the program of studies. It may be
that in the future all these principles
will be taught in the public schools and
private schools devoted to such a pro-
gram may never be heeded. But in the
Orient for many years to come the
teaching of these ideas and attitudes
will be found only in the private school,
endowed by men and women who be-
lieve that the oneness of mankind" is
a living reality.
In conclusion let me suggest briefly
some of the elements which education
for Eastern girls should contain: (1)
Girls should be trained to be intelligent
about their own health; this should in-
clude the introduction of games, sports,
etc.; (2) the only "professional" life
for Oriental girls will for a long time
to come be that of wife and mother.
They should be thoroughly educated in
the elements of home economics--the
uses and preparation of foods, the mak-
ing and buying of clothing, the care
and training of children, etc.; (3) in-
struction should be given in languages,
literature, science, history, art, music,
etc., which will prepare the girl to be
a. companion to her husband and a
teacher of her children. At the same
time these studies will arouse her inter-
est in social situations and problems;
they will also provide her with different
kinds of recreation for her leisure hours;
(4) the Whole life of the school should
tend toward a truly spiritual education,
toward the ideals and habits of honor,
kindness, love, service, reverence, etc.
To these may be added such direct in-
struction in spiritual matters, religious
history, etc., as may seem wise.
Of the four types of education sug-
gested only the third is well provided
for in most of the present schools for
girls. Jenabe Fazel tells a story of a
girl who had had only this type of train-
ing. She married, but she took no
thought or care for the physical well-
being and comfort of her husband. All
day long' she read books and magazines.
One day, in some disgust, her husband
said to her, "Do you think that litera-
ture will clothe me, and mathematics
feed me?"
It is to the future Bahai schools that
We must look for a well-balanced mate-
rial and spiritual education for East-
ern girls. In the founding of such
schools it is the privilege of Western
girls and women to assist. Through
such help the Eastern women will be
aided in obeying the instructions of
Abdul Baha when he says, "Woman
must endeavor to attain greater perfec-
tions, to be man 's equal in every respect,
to make progress in all things in which
she had been backward so that man will
be compelled to acknowledge her equality
of capacity and attainment.' 
179

