THE TEMPLE OF UNIVERSAL RELIGION 263
In order to have a big central space in
the basement, 72 feet in diameter, the
ceiling and floor above had to be support-
ed without the use of interior columns.
To provide this support it was decided
to use a reinforced concrete dome. As
the dome is perfectly regular in its out-
line and uniformly loaded, it Was not
particularly difiicult to design nor was it
extremely difficult to construct although
the construction offered some difficulties.
The shell of the dome is 12 inches thick.
It is reinforced with two layers of steel
rods, one near the top and one near the
bottom. Each of these layers is made up
of rods in radial position and others in
circumferential position. For its final
support, this dome rests on the concrete
encasements of the steel columns.
In general the framework of the struc-
ture is of reinforced concrete except the
supports of the dome, which are structur-
al steel. The structural steel consists
principally of the nine groups of four
columns each which extend from the
basement level to the springing line of
the dome and the structural steel dome
framing. There are some odd mcmi,ers
of structural steel in the first story and,
of course, there is structural steel bracing
between the columns. The framing of
the first story outside of the dome section
is of reinforced concrete as is all of the
first floor framing and all of the columns
other than the main columns just
described. 
The foundation problem is a somewhat
intricate one. There are heavy loads at
the nine points which support the main
dome. At the other points the loads are
comparatively light, carrying as they do
only one floor and a roof together with
walls. As a matter of sentiment as well
as a matter of safety, it was desired to
have the dome supported from bedrock.
On this basis the foundations for the
dome consist of nine piers extending to
rock at a depth of I20 feet below the
ground level. 
The contract for the basement section,
including the pile foundations, was let in
August, I921, to be completed about
January first, 1922. The basement sec-
tion has just been completed and, as
winter is again at hand, no effort will be
made to go ahead with the superstructure
until spring.
THE UNIVERSAL APPEAL OF THE
TEMPLE
all parts of the world, Persia,
India, Egypt, Japan, France, Eng-
land, Germany, Australia, from Haifa and
Acca and Addasieh in Palestine, and
from many other countries contributions
are coming in to build the Bahai Temple
in Chicago which will rise a magnificent
testimony to universal religion and broth-
erhood. In similar fashion the Bahais of
the World united to build the universal
Temple in Eskabad, Russia. Women of
Persia sold their jewelry to complete the
last payment and furnish the gilding for
its shining dome. One of the relatives
of the Bab gave his whole fortune to
build this Mashreq'Ul Azkar at Eskabad.
A widow of Persia, earning fifty cents a
day and on this sum supporting her
children and herself gave half of her earn-
ings to help build the divine edifice at
Eskabad. As Abdul Baha has said:
"The Temple of Eskabad is unique in
that it is the first Temple of the kind that
had been erected. l\/lany such temples
will be constructed in the future but this
one will ever enjoy this unique privilege
and preference. VV hen its accessories are
completed and its full machinery starts
running, when the melody of vocal and
instrumental music arises and fills the
air with its oyous strains, when the pray-
ers and supplications made at dawn and
at sunrise ascend to the throne of the
will the effect of the
Mashreq'Ul Azkar be made evident and
manifest.
"The Temple that will be erected in the
United States will be an important and
magnificent one; its influence and effect
upon the Cause will be tremendous, and
the impetus it will give to the Movement,
irresistible."
In _a Tablet to the Delegates of the
First National Bahai Convention, held
in Chicago March Z1, 1909 Abdul Baha
Wrote: "Now is the commencement of
organization, hence every affair concern-
ing the Kingdom of God is of paramount
importance. Among the most important
affairs is the founding of the Masreq'Ul
Azkar.

