TWO SHINING LIGHTS OF ISFAHAN 245
The prince at last agreed to their
plan and decided to act accordingly. He
advised them, however, to keep the mat-
ter secret for the time being, and not to
let anyone know about it.
When the Mohammedan Christmas,
the anniversary of the birthday of the
prophet Mohammed, came round it was
customary for the people to call upon
the governor and the scholars. This
year, a large number, of varying rank,
including a group of the governor 's sup-
porters, gathered at that time at the
meeting-place of Raksha, The Snake.
All their plans were prepared in such
fashion that the two brothers upon their
arrival would be arrested.
The two younger brothers of the
King of the went to the meet-
ing. When they were seated and had
commenced drinking their tea Ra-ksha
began to rebuke them severely, saying,
"You are Bahais, infidels, unclean and
are leading the Moslems astray." Then
he gave orders that the teacups be
knocked from their hands and the tea
spilled. At this the butlers dragged the
brothers to the prince, heaping upon
them meanwhile the greatest humilia-
tions.
Not knowing where the eldest and
most eminent brother, the King of the
might be, Raksha started a
search for him. He was at that time at
the home of a famous Mulla of the city.
This Mulla had the deepest love for him
and held in high respect his ideals, his
character and his knowledge. The King
of the on his arrival at the
Mulla's home said to him: "Through
the intrigues of Raksha and just be-
cause of his desire for my possessions a
terrible tragedy will occur today. He
has made full preparations for my

The Mulla was a near relative of the
prince and because of this fact was con-
fident that his home could render pro-
tection. 'Warm-heartedly he said, 
will tell the prince of the intrigues of
Raksha and I will never allow any trou-
ble to occur."
By this time Raksha had located the
King of the and his men, noisi-
ly seeking him, had arrived at the
Mulla's home. The Mulla instructed
his representative to dismiss the men,
whereupon they returned to Raksha and
informd him of the situation. The
Mulla's messenger meanwhile acquaint-
ed the prince with what had occurred
and insisted that he listen to the advice
of the Mulla. Whereupon the prince at
once sent his foremost and strongest
deputy with more than a hundred heed-
less ones with strict orders for the ar-
rest of the King of the The
deputy gave the Mulla a letter which
warned him against protecting the King
of the and said that dissension
among the influential Mullas would lead
to terrible results.
When these violent and cruel officers
stormed the house the Mulla at last fully
realized the state of affairs. Oompelled
to go to the King of the with
the utmost anguish and vehemence he
explained the situation, whereupon the
King of the without grief or
agitation but, rather, with supreme joy
hastened out of his shelter and to the
altar of love. The officers surrounded
him as though he were a criminal and
dragged him to the governor. While he
was being dragged along in that sad and
sorrowful state the crowds filled the
streets and with their teeth gripped the
finger of astonishment and amazement.
Some of the people were weeping but
the King of the was as happy
and thankful as though he were about
to attend a 'concert or a delightful mu-
sical entertainment.
When the city hall was reached he
presented the governor 's agent with his
Watch and some of his handsome cloth-
ing and, apologizing, said, am at
present unable to give you more than
this."
As he stepped into the presence of the
prince he saw his brother. Suddenly the
prince with insolent words commenced
to chide and insult him because of his
religious belief. But the King of the
with supreme courtesy said,
"Your Excellency, if you but knew
what I know you would never utter with
your tongue such unbecoming state-
ments and falsehoods."

