326 BAHAI ORGANIZATION
ent love, its heavenly teachings, are from
a world beyond man and his power to
organize. The descent of the Holy Spirit
is Pure Bounty-absolutely removed
from man's power to direct or control.
But that Divine Intelligence, that Lumin-
ous Sun now manifested, bestows upon
man guidance and order. Organization
in the Bahai Cause is not man's feeble
and futile efforts, as in centuries past, to
organize and control the affairs of God
thus multiplying veils of separation and
clouding his own insight. It is rather,
as is clearly revealed in the divine plan,
the intervention of God to direct and con-
trol the affairs of man. attainment
to effective organization comes through
obedience to the Ancient of Days and de-
votion to His Beauty.
The appointment, by Abdul Baha, of
Shoghi Effendi as Guardian of the Cause,
the provision for the Universal House of
Justice, and other vital Laws, give to
organization a most eloquent and impres-
sive majesty. The high goal of order and
service to which Shoghi Effendi now in-
vites sincere souls, adds a new impres-
siveness to Bahai organization.
One of the greatest signs of Bahai or-
ganization is its fluidity, its universal
adaptability to the present age, and to
succeeding ages and cycles of the world.
It is not exclusive. It inspires coopera-
tion with the true, the beautiful and the
good Without as Well as Within its ranks.
For there are today, as Abdul Baha has
said, prepared souls in all religions. One
thus finds everywhere forward-looking
people who have rent the veils of religious
bigotry and racial prejudice. The Divine
Command today requires joy and frag-
rance in consorting with people of all
religions. It invites fellowship with the
strong, yet strengthens the poor, the weak
and the oppressed. It welcomes every
sincere soul Who seeks advancement, yet
becomes the mighty fortress of defence
against the seditious and corrupt. Be-
cause, as Baha'Ullah says:
"The companionship of the wicked
changes the light of life into the fire of
remorse."
Thus organization under the Divine In-
structions becomes the safeguard to the
Divine Edifice. Yet it must never become
with set forms and outworn
traditions, the impotence of which today
makes merely human organization inef-
fective for universal service.
Organization, far from being impossi-
ble, becomes vital and essential in the
growth of the Bahai Cause. The divi-
sion and classification of service, coordin-
ated by the divine plan of unity, will ever
make for greater efficiency.
Organization appears in everything that
God has created. From the tiny atom
that moves under molecular attraction to
the colossal suns that keep their balance
with even and majestic 
thing moves according to law and order.
Even the body of man is organized. Pain,
suffering and dissolution are the penalty
it pays for revolt. Shall the Intelligence
that organized the universe leave the
Kingdom of God in man disorganized?
Through organization the great funda-
mental Principles revealed by Baha'Ul-
lah--Consultation and Kindness--vvill il-
lumine every Assembly. Through the
organization of the people of Light, the
pillars that support the order of the World,
"reward and retribution" will receive just
administration.
Organization facilitates help of the
strong to the Weak, and of the more ef-
ficient to the less efficient. It applies, day
by day, the law of cooperation and inter-
dependence. It enables an aggrieved but
sincere person to have his wrongs righted
through the collective Wisdom of an il-
lumined group. If this fails to satisfy,
an appeal may be had to the Supreme
Court of Guidance. Organization thus
removes differences and upholds the one-
ness of the Cause.
The exhortations to love and unity,
which so often recur in the Bahai Teach-
ings, point the sincere to both an inward
and outward security. Esoterically it
means turning to the Center of Light and
Guidance. Exoterically, it is found by
supporting with might and main, what-
ever institution or organization is erected
on earth through the Heavenly Power.
The Divine civilization ever requires of
man cooperative effort. Cooperation in
its very nature implies organization. If
organization is vital even in small affairs,
how much more necessary does it become
when human welfare is regulated by the
laws of the Kingdom?

