later the gradual slipping away from
the ties of this earth knowing it had
always been her humble hope that she
might leave this world whenever that
great event should come to pass. And so
she soared like a freed bird to the King-
dom of Light, to live and serve forever
in the glory of the presence of her
Master.
As a fitting close to this brief his-
torical narrative we quote a few words
addressed to her by Abdul Baha one
morning during the last heavenly so-
journ at Haifa. He entered the Pilgrim
House bringing the radiant sunshine
THE PLAIN
Haifa Palestine, July, 1922.
ON the afternoon of Thursday, July
6th Fugeta and I went to Acca, or
rather to Balije. Esfendiar drove us,
and the young man who looks after the
electric lights, I think his name is Hus-
sein, went with us because the next day
was his day for charging the batteries
at Bahje. We left the Pilgrim House
at about five o'clock. That is certainly
the ideal time of day to make the drive
from Haifa to Bahje. The trip was
beautiful--the sea was so blue, the air
so fresh and cool. \Ve talked as we
went, sometimes in English, and occa-
sionally Fugeta had a bit of conversa-
tion in Persian with the others. Some of
that I could understand, and some I
could not. At about six-thirty the sun
sank, and a mass of great, billowy
clouds covered the place where the sun
had been. In the east the inoon was
already quite high, very large and
bright.
In Acca We drove through the market,
to buy some watermelons, and then out
through a break in the city walls.-
There we could see the different walls
very well. First there is a heavy wall,
with him. After the customary greet-
ings he said: "Mrs. Goodall has recov-
ered her health. She was very weak;
she has become strong again. One does
not notice weakness in her now. But it
is my hope that she will have spiritual
strength. That is the real strength.
Physical strength will ultimately end in
weakness, but spiritual strength will not
be followed by any kind of weakness.
Praise be to God that you have attained
this spiritual strength. Your season is
always the springtime. Your day -is
always bright. There is no darkness it
cannot be followed by darkness. You
will be always in the light!"
OF ACCA
then a very deep moat, forty or fifty
feet wide, I should guess; another heavy
wall, a second moat; a third wall, and
another big ditch. The big ditches or
moats are quite dry now, but in ancient
times they were filled with water as a
protection. As one comes out on to the
plain of Acca one can see in the dis-
tance the hill from which Napoleon tried
to conquer the fortress.
In the 'twilight the drive from Acca
to _Bah,]e is very lovely, everything is so
quiet and peaceful. There are faint
sounds of men and animals softened by
the distance, a truly pastoral scene.
The Itoman aqueduct along the road is
very interesting. It does not go back to
the time of the Romans, but has been
built since the time when Baha'Ullah
first came to Acca. The picturesque old
towers are not merely ornamental, as I
l1_ad_ supposed, but are for the purpose of
lifting the water, and then dropping it
with force so that it will go along again
for a distance without losing all its
momentum. There seems to be a very
plentiful supply of Water, and the peg-
ple all along the course of the acqueduct
use it, and there is plenty of it for use
in Acca.
207

