The first Bahai assembly, Mr. August
Rudd writes, was recently organized in
Sweden.
Glowing letters tell of the activity of
the Bahai teachers in Germany, of their
radiance, their joy, their love and of the
new centers organized for the study of
the principles of World unity.
Jenabe Fazel, of Persia has arrived
with l1is family in Haifa, Palestine. He
writes that he is telling the friends who
gather from all parts of the World on
Mount Carmel of the Bahai Temple and
of how the Whole World Wants it. 
writes that the friends in Haifa Will soon
send contributions for the Temple in Ohi-
cago.
BAHAI IDEALS OF EDUCATION.
Jenabe Fazel Speaks in a Western
College.
DUB-IN his celebrated American
tour, Jenabe Fazel spoke one rainy
night i11 a western college on Bahai edu-
cational ideals. The classroom, despite
the rain was well filled with students
and teachers.
Schools, he said, must be filled With
light and joy, like Paradise, so that the
children may run to them in the morn-
ing a11d be loath to leave them in the
evening. Such was the teaching of Baha
'Ullah seventy years ago in Persia. But
the children must also go through hard
exercise and training so as to be able
to meet any emergency in later life.
Each child, boy and girl, must learn a
profession or trade as Well as literary
and academic subjects. Baha 'Ullah also
said, over half a century ago, that We
must through child find the
aptitude of every child so that the chil-
dren may study that for which they are
fitted and not Waste time in that for
which they are not fitted.
The great education in the Schools,
however, should be the moral training.
\Ve should, Baha 'Ullah declared, have
a universal gathering of the wisest men
and Women in the world to select the
choicest teachings of all the world-
prophets, put these selected teachings to-
gether and teach them to the children
of all the nations. This would train them
in universal brotherhood and all the
noblest virtues of humanity.
When the lecture Was ended and the
discussion began a very progressive pro-
fessor of sociology said: can see
ethical genius in Zoroaster, Confucius,
the New Testament. But what is there
Worth teaching our modern children in
the Old Testament or the Koran?"
Jenabe Fazel, with radiant enthusiasm
began repeating spiritual verses of most
glorious content from the Old Testament
Prophets and from the Koran. The pro-
fessor of sociology listened with great
interest and then exclaimed: "That is
not religion. That is only good soci-
ology!"
Some members of the audience called
the Bahai ideals of education the quint-
essence of real, spiritual religion, others
thought it only good sociology and the
most perfect of universal social ethics
but all greeted it with equal joy.
I
A BOOK
A BEAUTIFUL volume called The
A Promulgation of Universal Peace
has just come from the press. It is the
first volume of the American addresses
of Abdul Baha, that glorious book for
which his friends have been waiting. It
has been prepared with the greatest care
by Mr. Howard MacNutt, the English
translation polished and made more
exact in order to reflect more purely
the light of the beauty of Abdul Baha's
matchless Persian style, and has been
beautifully printed through the loving
189

