54 STAR OF THE WEST
"Second, the Unity of Nations. To
think we can live alone is idle. 0 part
of the world is strong enough to live
alone. Nation after nation has tried it.
All the great empires of the past have
tried it and have fallen because they
were self-centered. We cannot afford
to be self-centered. We must have the
unity of nations.
"Third, Religious Unity. The world
is tired of religious struggles. We must
come together, based on the religious
aspect of the oneness of humanity, so
we shall clearly understand each other
in the world of religion.
"Unity of the Races. The most nat-
ural thing in the world is the thing We
have made unnatural. That we should
all live together in peace, leaving out
the question of rea.ching to heaven and
getting fire from there to do it with,
Animals live in peace, flowers live in
peace, everything lives in peace except
mankind.
"One other means of perfect equality
of man and woman. Women have been
kept down and not educated. Who
would have thought twenty years ago
that we would have suffrage for women 
It was almost an unknown idea at that
time. But look! Today woman has
taken her place in the arena of life
on an equal standing with man. Moth-
erhood is greatest all. She is not
going to let her children in the future
be destroyed by war. She will demand
arbitration.
"The fundamental fact is to establish
greater peace in the World. Abdul-Baha
is in reality the great Prophet of Peace.
He is seventy-eight years old. From
childhood, or from the age of eight, he
was exiled from his country for forty
years, and for twenty-five persecuted,
but he was born a servant of God and
lover of humanity and struggled
through it all for the great principle
of the greatest peace in the world, based
on heavenly of the
human family, oneness of religion, one-
ness of men and women. All these great
ideals came sixty to seventy years. ago,
and today are the great topic for the
advancement of mankind. We are in
a new age. A great light is burning in
the world of humanity. This great light
is bringing to us a message. It consti-
tutes the great ideals we hear of today."
Mr. Roy Williams in his address said:
"Nineteen hundred years ago there ap-
peared upon the arena of mankind a
remarkable being, a unique personality,
a spiritual genius, a Divine Emanci-
pator, who spo-ke a Word which meant
really the absolute freedom of all man-
kind. Now it appears that many
changes have come, many outward
changes, but inwardly there has been
no change. We are still the children
of God. We are still the family of God.
But outwardly there has come a distinct
change. Why'? There has crept upon
the world an insanity that we are not
brothers, that we are not the creation
of God. The world of humanity is sick.
Jesus Christ was a capable physician.
He said, 'Thou shalt love thy neighbor
as thyself.' Take this into your soul and
heart. You will find you will be cured
of this disease by the Divine Physician."
The Rev. Neil McPherson said in part:
"Society is an organism. Humanity is
an organism. If so, no part can be in
conflict with any other pa.rt. It makes
no difference whether a man is black,
white or brown, if he is a human being
he has a part to play in working out
the distinctions of the human race.
There must be co-operation between the
different parts. They must function
Well. The hand is not the same as the
eye. Each has a part to perform. And
the ear must not find fault with the
nose because it is different. God made
them different in order -that the func-
tions co-operating may reach a. good end.
The camel is not like the horse, and yet
the hump on the camel 's back shows that
its difference is an asset. It is because
of the hump that it has the power of
endurance.

