 
7The Bahai Magazine
STAR OF THE WEST
1923
BAHAI ORGANIZATION
Its Basis in the Revealed Word
ORGANIZATION in the Bahai Move-
ment rests upon the sure founda-
tion of the Vi/ord of God.
In this day when many liberal minded
people rebel against the restraint to which
they sincerely think organization subjects
them--it is Well to present some of the
vital needs for organization Which the
Bahai Teachings make evident.
Baha'Ullah touches the heights of
Truth When he says:
"Among the people are those who glory
in a desire for liberty. Know that the
animal is the symbol of liberty and the
manifestation thereof; hence it behoov-
eth man to put himself under laws which
Will protect him against the ignorance of
himself, and the injury of the deceitful.
Liberty is confined to compliance with
the Commandments of God. If ye adopt
that which He hath revealed for you from
the Heaven of Inspiration, ye will find
yourselves in perfect and pure freedom".
"God has imposed on every town the
erection of a House of justice Where men
are to assemble according to the number
of Baha (if they surpass that number it
matters little). They should figure to
themselves that they are in God's Pres-
ence and see What is invisible. They
should be divine agents in the casual
World, the representatives of God for
those who are on earth, and defend for
love of God the interests of His servants
as they would defend their own."
Abdul Baha in some Answered Ques-
tion: (page 74) says:
"When the laws of the h/lost Holy Book
are enforced, contentions and disputes
will find a final sentence of absolute jus-
tice before a general tribunal of the na-
tions and kingdoms, and the difficulties
that appear Will be solved. The five conti-
nents of the World will form one, the
numerous nations will become one, the
surface of the earth Will become one land
and mankind will be a single community."
Other quotations from the Writings of
Abdul Baha follow:
"Absolute equality amongst men: this
would be impossible. There is needed
some organization which will bring about
an order in this disorder. Absolute
equality is a mere dream and impracti-
cable. If absolute equality existed the
Whole order of the World would be de-
stroyed. In mankind there is always a
difference in degree . . . There must
be degrees in the organization."
"The Universal Principles which are
the foundation of the Religion of God are
laid down; but the making of specific
laws Which are the sub-divisions and
ramifications is apportioned to the House
323

