THE ASCENSION OF ABDUL BAHA
ON the twenty-eighth of November,
one year ago, Abdul Baha ascend-
ed to the City of Light. The press and
magazines all over the world have writ-
ten of his life and world-wide spiritual
influence. Mr. Frederic Dean gives, in
"The Independent and the Weekly Re-
view," of December 24, 1921 a personal
reminiscence of his meeting with Abdul
Baha in New York City in 1912:
"Abdul Baha, whose death was chron-
icled in the press the other day, was
more than a personality--he was an in-
spiration; a11 idealist, whose self-devo-
tion breathed new life into dying creeds.
His gospel appealed with equal force to
Christians, Moslems and Jews; to Budd-
hists and Hindus, Shintoists and Par-
sis. His idealism was to many a mani-
festation of the very source of life,
light and love. He came at a time when
the soul 's craving for hope and faith
was--seemingly--unappeased by any
one of the many organized and acknowl-
edged religions.
first met the teacher in an up-
town church. I had been sent by my
paper to report the sermon. The speak-
er 's likeness to my own father was so
startling that, immediately after the
service, I entered the anteroom and told
him of the remarkable resemblance.
Very quietly he answered: am your
father and you are my son. Come and
dine with me.' Another engagement
prevented, but I asked if I might take
breakfast with him the following morn-
ing. 'Come,' he said. I Went. And after
that first meeting followed others. We
walked in his garden, and, as we walked,
we talked. I told him of his peculiar at-
traction to me on account of my own
outlook on life; that I was a Buddhist
Buddhist-Christian. 'So am re-
plied the teacher. am also a Confu-
cian-Christian and a Brahmin-Christian;
a Jewish and a Mohammedan-Christian.
I am a brother to all who love truth--
truth in whatsoever garb they choose to
clothe it.' 
Major W. Tudor-Pole of London,
England, who with General Allenby en-
tered Haifa in August, 1918 prepared a
beautiful memorandum of the expres-
sions of love and appreciation which
government officials and the press gave
to Abdul Baha after his ascension. "As
I write," says Major Tudor-Pole, in con-
clusion, "certain memories come back
to me with a strange insistence.
remember standing beside the Mas-
ter in the pulpit of the City Temple,
London, watching over five thousand
people breathlessly absorbed in listening
to Abdul Baha's living spiritual words,
and in watching his every smile and
movement.
remember walking with him
through the woods at Clifton, 1911,
when he spoke of the coming of a spirit-
ual renaissance within the Christian
Churches; or, wandering along the
banks of the Seine at sunset,_1913, when
the Master spoke of the Great 'Nar that
was to come, and of the Most Great
Peace that would ultimately follow it.
have sat beside him at Ramleh,
Alexandria, Egypt, beneath the palms,
and while he spoke of the essential unity
of all mankind. There were Christians,
Jews, Moslems, Parsis, Hindus and
Freethinkers sitting around him on
233

