peace, perfect peace, is first of the heart,
through the breaths of the Holy Spirit;
consequently those among the humani-
tarians who are wisest, while they strive
to produce concrete results and discuss
all possible methods, nevertheless have
for their great objective the reconciling
of the hearts of men. For only that
which is established in the heart can
ever be established in the world, and
peace will never be made real, lasting or
secure until the world has recognized
the power of the Holy Spirit which
alone can conquer and subdue the re-
bellious hearts or fuse one changeless
ideal upon the restless, ever-divided
minds. This is the Most Great Peace;
this is the Peace of God.
The arch which these social principles
of Abdul Baha, like pillars, are intended
to structure which fulfills
their purpose and directs their use
--is the principle of an international
tribunal.
Abdul Baha ever visioned the world
federation wherein all men and women
have part, and invokes this world fed-
eration within the progressive people of
all races and nations. Its cement is an
international tribunal instituted through
democratic selection and given binding
authority by mutual agreement and
pledge. No portion of the race but Will
be fairly represented, therefore no por-
tion but will be controlled by its de-
cisions. Abdul Baha has said that when
this tribunal is established, any govern-
ment which instigated war would be set
upon by all nations and, if necessary,
abolished. This is the firm basis of
peace, and no agreement with reserva-
tions can be substituted for it.
It is an inherent part of all Abdul
Baha's teaching on the subject of
tribunals and political progress that the
spiritual conditions for real justice have
not yet been fulfilled. He regards the
function of legislation as a function of
illumined minds, severed from all con-
siderations save that of justice and
truth. The act of making laws he de-
170
clares to be an aspect of meditation.
That is, just as the poet receives his
visions, or the scientist his principles,
through intense meditation, so will the
future legislative body arrive at its
structure of civic, national or interna-
tional law. Order is of the essence of
the manifested universe, and that order
flows through and the minds
that turn to it in unity and for the
purpose of creating justice. Thus those
who arc capable of entering this unity
and impersonal abstraction are to be
selected by the people from their wisest
men. The legislator, in fact, is placed
by Abdul Baha in a high spiritual sta-
tion, and the evident tendency On the
part of our noblest clergy to turn from
fruitless theological discussions in Order
to assist in the solving of great political
and economic problems is a reflection of
this teaching; for Abdul Baha has also
declared that the universal religion of
the future will have no professional
clergy.
Such, in brief, are some of the prin-
ciples that characterize the teachings of
Abdul Baha. They are those beacons
he has lighted in the darkness of our
world contention and strife, the vital
energy he has poured into our apathetic
minds and the guidance he has estab-
lished for our selfish desires. They are
the spirit of evolution, the genius of
prophecy, the expression of man as a
spiritually conscious being in the age
of his maturity and strength. That
these principles are the fruits of the
tree of spiritual tradition is evident also
in this further teaching of Abdul Baha,
that this is the age when the Temple
shall be builded, reconciling not merely
the religions and creeds, but also re-
ligion and science, and science and in-
dustry; and that to assist in building
the universal Temple is incumbent upon
all who are responsive to the divine
Will.
These principles are the ark in which
whose enters is secure, and Whoso re-
mains outside of it will perish in the

