ESPERANTQ AND TRAVEL
By G.  Ramstedt, Finnish Minister to Tokyo
MY first practical use of Esperanto
was in 1895. Two Esperantists,
Mr. Zinovyev, from Kiev, and Dr.
Zakrevski, from Poltava, wrote to me
with regard to traveling in Finland with
as little expense as possible. I was then
a young student and owned a bicycle.
I suggested to them that they come to
Helsingfors, see the town, and then to-
gether we might travel on bicycles,
which could be hired at a very low rate.
The two Russian Esperantists ar-
rived, with a third companion, an Es-
thonian, a school teacher. For over a
week, during the pleasantest time of the
:summer in the north, we four toured the
southwestern part of Finland. It was
most interesting to me to see what in
my country was of most interest to for-
eigners. The life of the farmers, the
roads, the houses, etc., were, as I dis-
covered, very different in our two coun-
tries. I taught my companions about
things in Finland, but at the same time
learned from them concerning the ideas,
the civilization and the manners of the
country from which they came. We
used Esperanto only and I must say it
was the best language because it was
neutral. I was not at all ashamed of
my poor skill in the "Esperanto lan-
guage. If we had used, instead, Rus-
sian or German or any other language
the whole situation and the cordial feel-
ings would have been broken. As it
was we 'were all equal with equal possi-
bilities and we enjoyed ourselves not
only in sight-seeing but also in seeing
that above nationality and difference in
civilization is the humanity of interna-
tional friendship. Since that time I have
had a firm conviction of the value of
Esperanto, the language which makes
differences of tongue and nationality
give place to international learning.
Many tourists make yearly visits to
Finland, the la.nd of the thousand lakes
and the thousand islands. But a Ger-
man, an Englishman, a Swede or any
other one who tries to find people who
talk his language has indeed the feeling
that he is a stranger in a strange coun-
try. For money he can secure a guide,
but this guide, even in the best of cases,
will keep himself for rea-
sons at a distance from the stranger
and will give his answers without de-
votion or interest. There is the danger,
for the guide, that he might talk too
much, and make errors, which might be
published later in some book about his
country thus making him appear ridic-
ulous. But using a language which is
equally foreign and equally easy to all
nations puts host and guest upon an
equal footing and soon creates a tie
which develops quickly into real friend-
ship.
The question is asked: "Is Esperanto
easy to understand?" On my way to
Japan in December, 1919, I traveled
in the express train from Paris to
Marseilles with an Italian as companion.
He spoke in Italian and I answered in
Esperanto. He was astonished to find
that he could understand me and asked
me what kind of Italian I talked. It was
the first time he had met anyone using
Esperanto. We had a long discussion,
asking many question, and we quickly
forgot the passing of time. The Italian
said he would learn Esperanto and was
more than satisfied with the unexpected
249

