IN TER-RACIAL AMIT 305
Sometimes conferences are arranged
between the students of white and col-
ored institutions, situated in the same
community. The writer, during a brief
stay in Columbia, South Carolina, heard
pleasant echoes of such a gathering. It
was directed and presided over by Prof.
Morse of the University of South Caro-
lina and assembled the students of that
historic landmark and those of Benedict
College and Allen University, two colored
schools. Signs of progress and good will
were apparent and discussion related to
the removal of friction. An incident re-
lated was the speech of a colored student
which one of the whites thought too
radical. The latter exhorted the former
to patience.
"It is certain," he said "that conditions
are improving. We feel friendlier toward
your race than our fathers felt and no
doubt our children will feel friendlier than
we
The colored organizer of the inter-racial
work for South Carolina is T. Hodges,
a man of keen intelligence and pious life.
organized all the counties of that state
save one.
The task of bringing the best elements
of the two races of the South into working
agreement covers a wide range of con-
struction. Among the aims are the fol-
lowing:
Justice in the administration of law.
Prevention of under all cir-
cumstances.
Improvement in sanitary living.
Better schools, lights, pavements, and
sewerage.
Economic justice.
Discouragement of vice.
Improvement in traveling facilities on
street cars and railroads.
Better recreational facilities, such as
parks and play grounds.
Advancement of moral standards.
The elevation of practical religion.
Among the agencies cooperating are
nearly all the educational forces, including
the University Commission, the Southern
Sociological Society, the Young Men's
Christian Association, Ministers' unions,
Governors' Councils, and women's clubs.
The great soldiers enlisted in these
ranks know that everything that is de-
sirable cannot be done at once. They not
only encourage action but also counsel
patience and moderation in dealing with
difficult problems. What they are able to
do thus far is not only great gain but the
augury of a bright future. The effort to
educate college students away from pre-
judices and hatred will be extended to the
high schools as soon as warranted by
means.
In all these essays of strength and pur-
pose insight reveals the Hand of Divine
Bounty, the emanation which more and
more links the living elements of humani-
ty into a world-wide fellowship. The
Bahai Spirit has revealed its Light to
many hearts still unaware of its Name.
These servants of humanity are good
points of contact for traveling teachers
entering that vast section.
The following dignified statement was
recently made by eighteen white women
of the South, who are lending their pow-
erful assistance to inter-racial coopera-
tion: .
"We are conscious of a World condition
of restlessness in which race friction plays
a conspicuous part. Wle cannot ignore the
fact that this presents a problem in which
the South is so acutely involved that we
are conscious that the eyes of the world
are upon us, questioning our course. We
cannot shirk the responsibility of taking
up the challenge, grasping the opportuni-
ty presented, seeking a solution to this
problem and demonstrating it on our
southern soil.
"We believe that unrest existing be-
tween two different races dwelling side by
side under the same economic system and
the same government can be lessened, and
eventually dispelled by a course of justice
and fair play. When one race exceeds the
other in numbers, in possessions and in
opportunity, there is but one solution. As
a Christian people we hold the elements
of that solution. It lies in the cultivation
of an attitude of fairness, of good Will and
a conscious determination to establish an
understanding sympathy.
"We believe that every human being
should be treated not as a means to an-
other's ends, but as a person Whose
aspirations toward self-realization must
be recognized; that we must cherish racial
integrity and racial self-respect, as well as
such mutual respect as will lead each to
higher moral levels, to mutual trust and

