of all warfare and strife in the world, as
well as the cause of anarchy and athe-
ism; for that which these people consider
religion is the Worship of the body, and
that which they accept as from God is in
reality the stupefaction of the spiritual
soul. Their triumph is the darkening of
the divine light and life, and their vic-
tory is in the absence of the Holy Spirit.
This is that "darkness" which Christ
banished when he came, and this is that
"world" which every Manifestation
overcomes through the Divine Will.
Now consider the character of this age.
It is a sea which is stirred to its depths,
and the vessel of every life is toss-ed by a
sudden and violent force. As when, in
the rolling of a ship, one object becom-
ing loose falls upon and loosens another
object, but the cause of the first object 's
movement is not itself but of the ship; so
the violent impact of men in this age;
those who are shaken ascribe the force to
those who move against them, but the
initial force, in fact, is not of man. A
new life and light has penetrated the
body of the world, and nothing that was
can remain unchanged. A thousand con-
flicting Winds meet over every wave;
there is no escape by retirement, and
there is no independence in separation.
Each atom of the body of humanity
thrills with a new joy or pain, a new
hope or a new despair. It is as though
a vase had been emptied into the air,
and its essence blown to every remotest
region. Whatever our interest is, it leads
us to a ground of supreme conflict,
whether we desire freedom or protection,
justice or power, change or absence of
change. This is not the result of human
thought or will or desire, but the result
of a universal force which thought and
will and desire have received. So con-
ventions and customs dissolve like ice in
the sun; new ideals have put forth leaves
and buds like gardens in spring.
Among all men, this power is yet not of
man; these are the effects we see, the
cause is the return of the Holy Spirit
137
whose universal reflection in the life of
the world We unknowingly witness.
From the Holy Spirit, a light shining
into the mind from above, came those
sciences and inventions that have united
the material world in this age. From
the Holy Spirit, a water poured into
the parched and thirsty soul, came those
ideals and longings that have broken the
rule of the past. Humanity is moving
its tents from the desert, seeking the
promised land.
Now thoughts and events are but the
reflection of the Holy Spirit, its effects
and its shadow, and the effects do not
give the measure of the cause nor the
shadow convey the essence of the light.
If we turn from the effects to the cause,
from the reflection to the light 
if we seek for the purpose of this one
universal power behind its infinitude of
we would realize the
perfect expression of this power before
this power is broken into the division of
our myriad minds and shall
find the purpose and perfect expression
of the Holy Spirit in the life and words
of Abdul Baha.
That is to say, Abdul Baha, though
appearing in the image of a man, has in
reality been the selfless soul and ab-
stracted mind which the Holy Spirit es-
tablished as its perfect utterance, ex-
pression and center in this age. All
others are of the effects of the Holy
Spirit, but Abdul Baha is of the source
and cause. Through him, as a promise
and also as a warning, the Holy Spirit
has conveyed its presence and purpose
to the world, and in him its predominant
spiritual influence, its direct action
upon the pure soul has been made utter
and complete, its illumination extended
to all the horizons. Abdul Baha has re-
vealed the mcasure of God, and Abdul
Baha has revealed the measure of man.
Therefore, though in the world of ef-
fects we see but the fulfillment of calam-
ity and disaster, in Abdul Baha we wit-
ness the victory of wisdom and love.

