90 STAR OF THE WEST
unless they take hold. It is necessary
to respond to the subtle and divine
guidance which we call love. One deed
is more effective than a thousand books.
There Were many poets in Greece who
spoke with the tongues of angels, but
they could not move the hearts to sac-
rifice. But the perfect man says: 
am the "Way, the Truth and the Life.
Follow me!' Know that all Bibles re-
veal the same truth. Bring religion and
science into harmony. Destroy prej-
udices. Because BAHA and
Abdul-Baha lived among the People
lives of sacrifice, their message pene-
trates the heart of the World. How
beautiful to- suffer a little hardship in
the Kingdom of God. Bans was
once bastinadoed, receiving a hundred
blows on the soles of the feet. Seeing
his brother condemned to a like punish-
ment, he requested of his tormentor that
the hundred blows intended for his
brother should be added to his own pun-
ishment. And this request was granted.
Abdul-Baha served an enemy for twenty-
four years, until by patience, forbear-
ance, service and the love power he won
his foe. He was joyous in prison. When
we see one who lives the life, We are
amazingly quickened to. do likewise.
The Prophet of God is a mirror in which
the Light of the Eternal Sun is shining.
is 3. Temple in which God is abiding.
If We would follow him in unity, our
attitude would change from indepen-
dent tolerance. But the real unity
comes through melting the bars of sep-
aration by the fires of Divine Love.
This love is the joy and wonder of the
World."
The chairman read: son of man!
My calamity is my Providence. In ap-
pearance it is fire and vengeance-, in
reality it is Light and Mercy. There-
fore approach it, that thou mayest be-
come an Eternal Light and an Immortal
Spirit. This is My command; know
thou it."
WVEDNESDAY EVENING.
Mr. Charles Mason Remey, of Wa.sh-
ington, D. (3., was chairman.
Mrs. Florian Krug, of New York, ad-
dressed the congress on the ascension of
Abdul-Baha and his world-wide influ-
ence. She said in part:
"As the days of the Convention have
been so full of spontaneity, I have often
thought of the words of Abdul-Baha:
'The body is the word. The spirit is its
meaning. The word passes. The mean-
ing remains.' Bahai is one who has
all the human perfections in full ac-
tivity.'
hope the time is at hand when we
shall all become Bahais. I spent many
blessed days with Abdul-Baha. One of
his sayings was-: 'The whole World may
rest upon soft pillows, but mine must be
a hard one. He constantly proved his
glorious station by his deeds. He rarely
ever spoke of himself, but nearly always
of Bans His pure, selfless life
attracted millions of souls. By living
the life, one can illumine a city. It is
hard to think of the Holy Manifesta-
tions as We think of other men. They
possess spiritual and superhuman qual-
ities and do a Work that never dies.
"About teaching, Abdul-Baha said;
'Give the message with love and joy to
those We meet and leave the souls to
God.' 'Religion,' he said, 'is an atti-
tude toward God which reflects itself in
our attitude toward men.' 
The chairman said: "Mrs. Krug has
brought us into closer contact with the
spirit of oneness. Those who have met
those Oriental friends have an incentive
to cheer each other and become as one. 
Mr. A. R. Windust sang a solo.
Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi delivered an ad-
dress the subject of which was "Untried
Paths to Universal Peace."
He said: "It is a pleasure, indeed,
to be with those who know what univer-
sal peace means to the world. For one
thousand years the Oriental countries
were in a state of decline, culminating

