330 LETTERS FROM SHOGHI EFFENDI
TO CHICAGO THE CITY OF THE 
the beloved of the Lord and the handmaids of the 
l\/Ierciful in Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Care of the members of the Spiritual Assembly.
Beloved brethren and sisters in the Cause of God:
May I assure you in this short message of mine of my sincere admiration for
andrfirm attachment to those old and tried believers who have been engaged ever
since the earliest days of the Cause in that land in the noble pursuit of spreading
far and Wide the Universal Teachings of Baha'Ullah.
Your city so far-famed for its intimate association with the history of the rise
of the Mashreq'Ul--Azkar will, I trust. witness in the not distant future while this
majestic Structure is being raised a swift regeneration in the spiritual lives of its
inhabitants, that it may become truly the throbbing centre of Bahai activities
throughout the land.
We all look forward with eager hearts to the time when this noble Edifice,
with all its various accessories completed, will become the focal centre of spiritual,
humanitarian and intellectual achievements to which the friends of that city, the
pioneers of such a glorious work, will have a distinct share to contribute.
May my prayers together with yours hasten the advent of such a crowning
period in the history of the Cause in that land!
Your brother and co-worker,
(Signed) Shoghi.
Haifa, Palestine,
December 29th, 1922.
TO THE FRIENDS IN CLEVELAND
THE beloved of the Lord and the handmaids of the Merciful in
Cleveland, Ohio, U. S. A.
Care of the members of the Spiritual Assembly.
l\/Iy beloved friends:
I trust now that I have returned refreshed and strengthened from my needed
retirement, I shall very soon hear from you such news as shall encourage and
strengthen me in my labours for His Holy Cause.
I look forward with eager anticipation to the welcome news of increased unity
among the loved ones of God, of renewed ardour in their ceaseless service to the
Cause and of crowning achievements in their field of service throughout that
country.
True, in this day the Light of the Covenant is hidden from mortal eyes, yet
the unfading Splendour of His Spirit, freed from earthy limitations, shines more
brilliantly than ever before and is sure to guide our steps if we but seek His Guid-
ance and walk steadfastly in His \Vay.
May the radiance of His Inspiration illumine our hearts and the hope of
Eternal Reunion be our stay and solace in these days of bereavement and service
to His Cause.
Supplicating the Divine Favours on your behalf,
I am your brother in His Service,
(Signed) Shoghi.
Haifa, Palestine,
January 5, 1923.

