girl who had been brought up by an
uncle was married to a very old 111311-
As was natural, she had no love for him,
and she soon lost h.er heart to a young
man whom she met secretly. Her hus-
band learned of her love for the young
man, and one day killed his wife, her
uncle and himself. He killed his Wife
because of her love for the young man;
himself, to escape punishment for the
murder of his Wife; the uncle, because
he "should have brought the girl up
better, so that she would not fall in
love." A young Mohammedan girl be-
came a Widow, and later fell in love
with a Christian. Her father had the
young man killed, whereupon the mother
of the Christian had the young widow
brought into court and accused of the
murder. It was only the intervention
of influential friends that saved the
girl from prosecution for a crime. that
had caused her the utmost horror and
misery. A young girl was married by
force to a relative whom she disliked
very much. She Was very unhappy and
soon became ill. A child was born, but
it died because of the weakness of the
mother. For this girl there is no future
but ill-health, misery and unhappiness.
Such stories as the above may occa-
sionally be told of young women in
America, but in many parts of the East
they are the rule rather than the cX-
ception.
Imagine the effects on the moral and
spiritual life of a country in which such
an attitude toward Women prevails.
There is no encouragement for the de-
velopment of the finer, higher qualities
in women. Man, lacking the utmost of
aspiration that Woman can give, fails to
attain his own highest development. The
early years of the children 's lives are
half Wasted, because the mother is lit-
tle more than a child herself. The
whole social structure suffers from the
lack of the intelligent service of half of
the population. In this connection
Abdul Baha says: "Women have equal
rights with men upon earth; in re-
ligion and in society they are a very
important element. As long as women
are prevented from attaining to their
highest possibilities, so long will men
be unable to achieve the greatness
which might be theirs."
The remedy for these evils lies in the
education of the Women of the East.
Westerners can never understand the
situation fully enough so that they may
prescribe treatment. But when the
girls and women of the Orient begin
to share the educational advantages
which are free to millions of children
in America, they will be able to develop
solutions for their own problems.
There are few schools for girls in
the East and all of these are, by East-
ern standards of money values, very
expensive. To send a six or seven year
old girl to a good school in Haifa, Pal-
estine, costs $150.00 a year for tuition.
By the time the child is twelve years
old it is necessary to send her to some
distant school for' the higher courses.
A year in a school in Beyrout or Cairo
costs at least five hundred dollars. I
am told that to send a girl of Palestine
or Syria to school for twelve years costs
about four thousand dollars. Even in
America only a small percentage of par-
ents can afford to spend that sum in
order that the child may graduate from
high school. Of the Bahai parents of
Haifa very few can aiford such an ex-
penditure and the same is doubtless true
of all towns and cities of the East.
But even suppose that parents can
afford to send a girl to the best schools
the country provides, will the result be
a satisfactory education? The Bahai
friends of the Orient answer this ques-
tion in the negative. They appreciate
the education and training given by
these schools, but they regret that the
teaching in them is sectarian and lim-
ited, rather than universal and inclusive.
They desire for their children an educa-
tion Which is free from all suggestion
of racial prejudice. In the schools of
the future they would teach not the re-
178

