STAR OF THE WEST 71
universal truth that shall make all men
free. He said: "Mr. Lloyd George, the
statesman who opened the Genoa Gon-
ference, was quoted as saying, 'God is in
His Heaven; man is in his earth. If
they could only get together!'
"The reflection of the image of God
in humanity is Heaven. This means the
passing of nationalism and materialism
and the establishment of reality. It is
tude of truth is the universal vision.
That of bigotry is 'We have the light
and all else is darkness.' 
Here he related a story of the Amer-
ican tour of enabi Fazel. After one of
his interesting and Wise addremes a lady
came forward a11d asked, if he lived in
America what church would he join'?
That ideal sage answered, "The one that
Christ belonged to."

Some of the Delegates and Friends attending the Fourteenth Annual Convention
of Bahai Temple Unity assembled on the Mashreq 'U1~Azkar grounds, Chicago
not the purpose of God that man should
remain with self. The outer man must
conform his Way to the inner light and
guidance. Reality is the knowledge of
God. Truth never conflicts with truth.
Following forms and imitations makes
men able to talk like angels, yet they
live like men. But following reality
makes Words and actions. agree. Thus-
both are angelic.
"The greatest phenomenon in the ma-
terial world is the rising of the sun,
which makes all things visible. So the
ideal Sun of Truth. today shines so as
to change the ideas of men, for it reveals
the ideals of the Kingdom. The atti-

'77
"There. she said, addressing her
companion, told you he was an Epis-
copalian!"
The speaker dwelt upon the absurdity
of color prejudice, showing that it
helped neither ourselves nor the other
fellow. The organs of the body have a
variety of color, yet they are united in
action. So must. all the peoples of the
earth be of one mind. And this will be
when they have one religion, which is
the seed planted by God. It is now
more diflicult to lose one's soul, for the
light universally shines. In reality the
Bahai and Christian are one. It is the
same tree and branch of the Lord. But
would be unjust to the reader were We to allow this excellent 30-
count of the Congress to be published Without mentioning the splendid address
delivered by the writer, Mr. Louis G. Gregory, who, through his modesty, does
not mention himself as a Editors.

