86 STAR OF THE 
gether in such wise that no occasion for ill-feeling or discord may arise. This
can be attained when every member expresseth with absolute freedom his own
opinion and setteth forth his argument. Should anyone oppose, he must on no
account feel hurt, for not until matters are fully discussed can the right way be
revealed. The shining spark of truth cometh forth only after the clash of dif-
fering opinions. If after discussion a decision be carried unanimously, well
and go-od; but if, the Lord forbid, differences of opinion should arise, a major-
ity of voices must prevail."
Enumerating the obligations incumbent upon the members of consulting
councils, the Beloved reveals the following: "The first condition is absolute love.
Persistence in one 's views will lead ultimately to discord, wrangling and
estrangement. They must manifest in themselves the Unity of God, for they
are the waves of one sea, the drops of one river, the -stars of one heaven, the rays
of one sun, the trees of one orchard, the flowers of one garden. Should harmony
of thought and absolute unity be non-existent, that gathering shall be dispersed
and that assembly be brought to naught. The second condition: They must when
coming together turn their faces to the Kingdom on High and ask aid from the
Realm 0-f Glory. They must then proceed with the utmost devotion, courtesy,
dignity, care and moderation to- express their views. They must in every matter
search out the truth and not insist upon their own opinion, for stubbornness
and persistence in one 's views will lead ultimately to disco-rd and wrangling
and the truth will remain hidden. The honored memb-ers must with all freedom
express their own thoughts, and it is in no wise permissible for one to belittle the
thought of another, nay, he must with moderation set forth the truth, and should
differences of opinion arise a majority of voices must prevail, and all must
obey and submit to the majority. It is again not permitted that any one of the
honored members object to or censure, whether in or out of the meeting, any
decision arrived at previously, though that decision be not right, for such
criticism would prevent any decision from being enforced. In short, whatsoever
thing is arranged in harmony and with love and purity of motive, its result is
light, and should the le-as-t trace of estrangement prevail the result shall be dark-
ness upon darknessthis be so regarded, that assembly shall be
of God, but otherwise it shall lead to coolness and alienation that proceed from
the Evil One. Discussions must all be confined to spiritual matters that pertain
to the training of souls, the instruction o-f children, the relief of the poor, the
help of the feeble throughout all classes in the world, kindness to all peoples,
the diffusion of the fragrances of God and the exaltation of His Holy Word.
Should they endeavor t0- fulfill these conditions the Grace of the Holy Spirit
shall be vouchsafed unto them, and that assembly shall b-ecome the center of
the Divine blessings, the hosts of Divine confirmation shall co-me to their aid,
and they shall day by day receive a new effusion of Spirit."
So great is the importance and so supreme is the authority of these as-
semblies that once Abdul-Baha after having himself and in his own handwriting
corrected the translation made into Arabic of The (The Effulgences)
by Sheikh Faraj, a Kurdish friend from Cairo, directed him in a Tablet to sub-
mit the above-named translation to the Spiritual Assembly of Cairo, that. he
might seek from them before publication their approval and consent. These are
His very words in that Tablet: "His honor, Sheikh Faraju'llah has here ren-
dered into Arabic with greatest care the Ishraqat and yet I have told him that
he must submit his version to the Spiritual Assembly of Egypt, and I have

