STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengtbepedi
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall ,be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 0 LLAH.
Vol. Chicago (July 13, 1912) Kalamat NO. 7
ADDRESSES DELIVERED BY ABDUL-BAHA IN NEW YORK CITY
AND VICINITY.
Compiled from stenographic notes and edited by Mr. Howard MacNutt.
or ABDUL--BAI-IA AT No. 327 WEST Ema
AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY, RESIDENCE or
MOUNTFORT APRIL I 5, 1912.
From Stenographic Notes.
IS a few days since my arrival in New
I York; but before coming to New York, on
another trip I went to Europe, visiting Paris
and London. I found the city of Paris to be
a beautiful city as far as appearance went.
The material civilization was very great; but
the spiritual civilization was very far behind.
The people were drowned or submerged in a
sea of materiality. All their conversations and
discussions terminated in the natural; but no
mention of God. I was greatly astonished.
I found them to be erudite professors, Well
informed men, scholars, but the majority of
them were materialists. I said to them: 
am surprised and greatly astonished that men
of this caliber, of this perception, with their
gr-eat knowledge should still be captives of
nature and negligent of the self--evident
Reality."
The phenomenal world in its entirety is sub-
ject to nature. That is to say, it cannot trans-
gress the rule of nature. These myriad planets,
these great satellites and heavenly bodies in this
endless space are all captives of natural law.
They cannot transgress one iota the mathemat-
ical rules laid down by nature. T-he sun with its
immensity cannot go beyond the law of nature.
The ocean in its vastness cannot transgress the
law of nature. All phenomenal beings, in brief,
are subject to nature; the planets are cap-
tives of nature; even the animals are cap-
tives of nature. All of them are within the
bounds of natural law; and nature is the ruler
of all, except man. Man is not the captive of
nature, for although according to natural law
man is an animate being of the earth, yet he
can sail vessels over the ocean, fly through the
air in an aeroplane, descend in a 
therefore he has overcome natural law. For
instance, such a colossal natural energy, such
a tremendous power as electricity, such a great
volume of material force which can cleave a
mountain in twain, which can destroy many
little man, has been able to arrest
and imprison it in an incandescent lamp saying
to it, "Sleep here." He can take the human
voice and confine it in the phonograph. Ac-
cording to the natural power, man should be
able to communicate the distance of one mile,
but by breaking the laws of nature he can ban-
ish space and send a telephone message to
remote points. All the sciences, arts, discov-
eries are mysteries of nature, and according
to natural law these mysteries should be latent;
but man has broken this law, freed himself
from this rule, and brought them forth into
the realm of the visible. Therefore he is the
commander of nature. Man has intelligence;
nature has not. Man has volition; nature is
minus. Man has memory; nature is without
it. Man has the reasoning faculty; nature is
deprived. Man has the perceptive faculty;
nature cannot perceive. Hence, it is well
proved that man is nobler than nature.
If we accept the supposition that man is but
a part of nature, we are then confronted by an
illogical statement, that is to say, it is possible
for the part of a whole to be endowed with
qualities which are absent in the whole. Thus
man, who is a part, has perception, has intelli-
gence, has the thought faculty, has memory,
has susceptibility, while nature is quite bereft
of them. How is it possible for the part to be
possessed of certain qualities or faculties which
are absent in the whole? As a matter of fact,
God has given to man certain powers which
are supernatural. Why then should man be
considered a captive of nature? How is he
treating nature? How is it that he is acknowl-
edged to be the very divinity of nature? Shall
we say nature is blind, nature is not perceptive,
nature is not volitionary, is not alive, and then

