16
STAR OF THE WEST
THE TABLET OF 
deprived. Appreciate the Bounty of Gon upon you and be not veiled therefrorn--and
verily We have sent Him forth in the temple of man. Thus praise ye the Lord, the
Originator of whatsoever He willeth through His wise and inviolable command!
Verily those who withhold themselves from the Shelter of THE BRANCH are indeed lost
in the wilderness of are consumed by the heat of self-desii-e,--and are
of those who perish.
Hasten, people, unto the Shelter of GOD, in order that He may protect you from the
heat' of the Day whereon none shall find for himself any refuge or shelter except beneath
the Shelter of His Name, the Clement, the Forgiving. Clothe yourselves, people, with
the Garment of Assurance, in order that He may protect you from the dart of doubts and
superstitions, and that ye may be of those who are assured in those days wherein none
shall ever be assured and none shall be firmly established in the Cause except by severing
himself from all that is possessed by the people and turning unto the Holy and Radiant
Outlook.
ye people! Do ye take unto yourselves the ]ebt* as a helper other than G01), and
do ye seek the Taghoot'!' as a lord beside your Lord the Almighty, the Omnipotent? For-
sake, people, their mention, then hold the Chalice of Life in the Name of your Lord
the Merciful. Verily by G01), the existent world is quickened through a drop thereof, were
ye of those who know.
Say: In that Day there is no refuge for any one save the Command of G013, and no
salvation for any soul but GOD. Verily this is the truth and there is naught after truth
but manifest error.
Verily G01) hath made it incumbent upon every soul to deliver His Cause (the Message)
according to his ability. Thus hath the Command been recorded by the Finger of Might
and Power'upon the Tablet of Majesty and Greatness.
Whosoever quickens one soul in this Cause is like unto one quickening all the servants
and the Lord shall bring him forth in the Day of Resurrection into the Rizwan of One-
ness, adorned with the Mantle of Himself, the Protector, the Mighty, the Generous. Thus
will ye assist your Lord, and naught else save this shall ever be mentioned in this Day
before Gon your Lord and the Lord of your forefathers.
As to thee, servant: hearken unto the admonition given unto thee in this Tablet;
then seek the Grace of thy Lord at all times. Then spread the Tablet among those who
believe in G01) and in His Verses; so that they may follow that which is contained therein,
and be of those who are praiseworthy.
Say: people, cause no corruption in the earth and dispute not with men; for verily
this is not worthy of those who have chosen in the shelter of their Lord a station which
shall indeed remain secure.
If ye find one athirst, give him to drink from the Chalice of Kawther and Tasneen;
and if ye find one endowed with an attentive ear, read unto him the Verses of G013, the
Mighty, the Merciful, the Compassionate! Unloose the tongue with excellent utterance,
then admonish the people if ye find them advancing unto the sanctuary of otherwise
abandon them unto themselves and forsake them in the abyss of hell. Beware lest ye
scatter the pearls of Inner Significance before every barren, dumb one. Verily the blind
are deprived of witnessing the Lights and are unable to distinguish between the stone and
the holy, precious pearl.
Verily wert thou to read the most mighty, wonderful Verses to the stone for a
thousand years, will it nnderstahd, or will they take any effect therein?_ No! by thy Lord
the Merciful, the Clement! If thou readest all the Verses of Gon unto the deaf, will he
hear a single letter? No! Verily by the Beauty, the Mighty, the Ancient!
Thus have We delivered unto thee some of the jewels of Wisdom and Utterance, in
order that thou mayest gaze unto the direction of thy Lord and be severed from all the
creatures. May the Spirit and Glory rest upon thee, and upon those who dwell upon the
plain of Holiness and who remain in the Cause of their Lord in manifest steadfastness!
*An idol worshipped by the ancient Egyptians from which "Egypt" was derived. 'i'Another idol.

