18 OF 
He has given us material graces and heavenly
ones; He has given us sight that we may see
these lights, and He has given us insight
wherewith we can see the lights of God. He
has given us the outer ear wherewith we can
hear the melodies, and He has given us the
inner hearing wherewith we can hear t-he
melodies of God. Therefore, we must strive
with heart and soul in order that the perfec-
tions and virtues latent within the realities of
the phenomenal world may become developed
and manifested, for the human reality may be
compared to the sight. If you sow the seed
and nurture it, a mighty tree can be forth-
coming therefrom. The virtues of that seed
will follow, become revealed, it will become a
branch, give its leaves and blossoms, and fruc-
tify. All these virtues were hidden within the
inner part of the seed. Through the bounty
or blessing of cultivation these virtues became
apparent. Likewise the Merciful God has de-
posited within the human realities certain dis-
tinct virtues which are hidden or latent. 'When
education touches the human being those vir-
tues which are the deposits of God, like unto
the unfoldment of the tree within the fecun-
dated seed, will become apparent from the
human reality. will now pray for you.
Prayer.
Thou kind Lord! These are Thy servants
who have gathered in this meeting and have
turned to Thy Kingdom and are in need of
Thy bestowal and blessing. Thou God!
manifest and make 'apparent the signs of Thy
oneness, which have been deposited in all the
realities of life. Reveal and unfold the vir-
tues which Thou hast made latent and con-
cealed in the human realities. God! we are
as plants and Thy bounty is as the rain. Re-
fresh and cause to grow these plants through
Thy hestowal. We are Thy servants, free us
from the fetters of the material being. We are
ignorant, make us wise; we are dead, make us
alive; We are material, endow us with spirit;
we are deprived, make us the intimates of'Thy
mysteries; we are needy, enrich us and bless
us from Thine endless treasury. God! re-
suscitate us, give us sight, giveus hearing,
and familiarize us with the mysteries of life,
so that the mysteries of Thy Kingdom may be
witnessed by us in the world of existence, and
confess Thy oneness. Every bestowal emanates
from Thee, every benediction is Thine. Thou
art Mighty; Thou art Powerful; Thou art he
Giver and Thou art the Ever Bounteous!
PLAZA Horst, 
Sunnav Moanmo, MAY 5, 
OU are the children of whom His Holi-
ness Christ has said, you are the deni-
zens of the Kingdom; and according to
the words of you are the very
lamps or candles of the world of humanity,
for your hearts are exceedingly pure and your
spirits are most delicate. You are near the
source; you have not yet become contami-
nated. You are like lambs, or like a very
polished mirror. My hope for you is that your
parents may educate you spiritually, giving you
the utmost ethical training. May your educa-
tion be most perfect so that each one of you
may be imbued with all the virtues of the
human World. May you advance in all the de-
grees, be they material degrees or spiritual
degrees. May you all become learned, acquire
sciences and arts, acquire the arts and crafts;
may you be useful members of human society,
may you be conducive to the progress of hu-
man civilization; may you be a cause of the
manifestation of the divine bestowals, may
each one of you be a shining star, radiating
the light of the oneness of humanity towards
the East and lNest; may you be conducive to
the unity of mankind; 'may you be conducive
to the love of the whole. May the reality
deposited in the human entity become apparent
through your efforts. I pray for all of you.
asking God's aid and confirmation in your be-
half.
You are all my children, you are my spiritual
children. The spiritual children are very dear,
they are dearer than physical children, because
it is possible for physical children to prove un-
spiritual, but you are all spiritual children,
therefore you are very dear; you are most be-
loved. I wish for you progress along all
degrees. May God aid you. May you be sur-
rounded by His gaze of kindness, and may you
be nurtured and attain maturity under His
protection. You are all blessed.
PLYMOUTH CONGREGATIONAL Cnnacn, CH1-
caco, Sonnav Monnmo, 5, 19r2..*
OFFER thanks to God for being present
I here at an assemblage which is commemo-
rating Hirn, whose members have no thought
or aim save His good pleasure, and all their
purposes are the impartial investigation of
reality. They have become freed from the
realm of fetters, of imitations and desire to
. 
*Tr-anslated by Dr. smeen U. Fareed and taken
stenographieally by Mrs. Marzieh Moss.

