they did not wish to do so. The children
of the nine thousand were sent to school at
the age of six years old and there they were
taught the use of arms and the art of war.
they had completed their military edu-
cation at the age of twenty years they were
fitted to rule and take part in the govern-
ment of the country. Sparta was divided into
nine thousand parts and each part was gov-
erned by a member of the superior class.
The second third, the farmer class, were
obliged to give a tenth part of their produce
to the government; the third class also were
forced to give an annual tax to the govern-
ment, Lycurgus made the Spartans swear
that they would maintain the same order of
government when he left the country and
that they would not alter it till his return.
Having secured their oath, he left Sparta and
never returned. Lycurgus renounced his high
position for the good of his country, for the
equalization of property. After a time all
6 STAR OF THE WEST
was destroyed, his constitution came to an
end. Equality is impossible.
.Sorne are too rich, some are too poor, some
have millions and some have nothing. An
organization is necessary to control this state
of affairs. It is necessary to limit riches or
it is necessary to limit poverty. Either ex-
treme is wrong. There should be a medium
state. If it is right for a capitalist to possess
a great fortune, then it is also just that a
workman should have means of existence. If
poverty is allowed to reach a condition of
starvation, it pro-ves that there is a tyranny.
Men must see that this do-es not happen in any
case. There must be special laws. The rich
must give of their plenty. If they have more
than they need they m-ust think of those who
are in want.
The government of a country should make
laws which conform to the Divine Law. The
Law of God exacts that there should be
neither excessive wealth nor excessive poverty.

"Today let every sonl-desire to attain the high-est station. He mast not regard what
is in him but what is in Godregard what shall advantage himself, but
that whereby the l/Vord of God, which mil-st be obeyed, shall be npraised. The heart must
be sanctified from every form of selfishness and inst, for the to-eapons of the nnitarians and
the saints were and are the Fear of 

TI-IE SEVENTH PRINCIPLE
The Power of the Holy Spirit.
the Teaching of it is writ--
I ten: "Wh-atever progress is made by man,
he always needs the Power of the Holy
S/Jirit, for the power of man is limited and
the Divine Power is without limit."
In history we see that all truly great men
who have helped on the progress of humanity
have been inspired by the Holy Spirit. Often
these men were, at first, insignificant.
The Prophets oi God have not all come
out of learned schools of philosophy, they
were mostly men of simple origin, lacking the
knowledge of reading and writing. The power
by which they were raised above men, and by
which they be-came teachers of the Truth,
was the Power of the Holy Spirit. Their
influence on humanity, by virtue of this power,
was great and penetrating.
Now look at the philosophers in comparison,
men of great learning and abnormal intellect:
Plato, Aristotle, Pliny and in~
fiuence on the world of humanity was limited
and restrained. Plato with all his wonderful
knowledge and philosophy never moved a man
to the extent that he would sacrifice his life
for the teaching, while simple men filled with
the Holy Spirit influenced humanity to such
an extent that thousands would die to uphold
their teaching. The Prophets of Iuda and
Israel: Jeremiah, Isaiah, were simple men, as
also were the Apostles of Christ. Peter, the
chief oi the Apostles, did not know how to
count the days of the Week. He used to divide
the produce of his fishing into seven parts,
and when, having taken one part a day for
use, he arrived at the seventh portion, he knew
it was the Sabbath D-ay. Consider this and
then think of his future state, to what glory
he was brought through the influence of the
Holy Spirit. Whoever, then, receives this
Power is able to influence all with whom he is
in contact. The greatest philosopher without
this Spirit is powerless; his soul is lifeless,
his heart dead. Till the Holy Spirit breathes
in his soul he can do no good work.
No philosophy, no system, has ever changed
the manners and customs of the people for
the better. The morals of the philosophers
who are not enlightened by the Divine Spirit

