14 STAR OF
iel. First, in the 9th and Ioth verses, God
hath announced the Manifestation of the Great
Lord, the Ancient King, the Most Holy Beauty
of ABHA (Glorified is His Supreme Name!)
and hath spoken of the founding of the sound
religion and manifest law and of the rise of
the hosts of chosen ones and holy ones.
Then He hath said in the 13th and I4th
verses of the same chapter that the Excellent
shall be extended from that Ancient
Rc-ot, and the Spirit of God descended from
Heaven shall shine forth from His Beaming
Face, and Glory and Kingdom shall be con-
ferred upon Him from God; His command
shall influence all nations and multitudes, and
His Kingdom shall continue forever.
Likewise, consider the 8th and 9th verses of
the 3rd chapter of Zechariah, where the great
prophet has clearly prophesied that in the day
of the Most Great Manifestation, the dawning
of the Sun of the Ancient Beauty, God, the
Exalted, shall bring about the removal of the
nations' iniquity and the elimination of the
pe0ple's calamities by the rise of that Excel-
lent BRANCH extended from the Pre-existent
Root; and He hath made the restoration of
the Holy Lands, the covenanted country of
the prophets and chosen ones, dependent upon
the power of that Blessed Being.
Likewise, in the 12th and 13th verses of the
6th chapter of the same book, God, the Ex-
alted, hath explicitly promised Zechariah that
in the Day of the Lord's Manifestation the
Blessed BRANCH shall grow up out of the
Pure Tree of Divinity, shall bear the Glory of
the Lord, shall sit and rule upon His Throne,
and shall build the Temple of the Divine
worship; the banner of universal peace and
eternal beatitude shall be hoisted among all
mankind through the council of peace held
between the BRANCH and the LoRn.
Consider the New Testament: in every in-
stant in which His Holiness, Christ (Glory be
to Him!) and His eminent disciples have an-
nounced the coming of the Kingdom of God,
they have spoken of the rising of the Excellent
BRANCH and of the dawning of the ORB OF
THE CQVENANT. Especially His Holiness, Iohn,
has adorned all the prophecies of his Book
of Revelation with this Glorious Name, and
has clearly stated the appearance of the
Covenant of God in the Day of the Lord's
Manifestation. He has explicitly said that
in that Great Day, the New Holy City shall
be illuminated with lights shining from the
Face of the Lord and His appointed 
the rivers of Wonderful enlightenments, which
THE WEST
would impart life to the people of the world
and save nations, shall flow forth from the
Throne of the Lord and that of the CENTER
OF H15 COVENANT. Nay, rather, he hath eluci-
dated that those written in the Book of Life
of the Excellent BRANCH shall be saved, and
those overshadowed: under His Ancient Stand-
ard shall inherit everlasting glory.
To resume: the tongues of all the prophets
sung the praise of His Blessed Name, and
the hearts of the chosen ones rejoiced at the
announcement of His coming, until that Most
Holy Being was born in the Day'-E of the Mani-
festation of the "First Point" (Exalted is His
Supreme Namel). The birthday of the
extended from the Ancient Root,"
coincided with the day of the appearance of
the Lord's precursor, and the "Mystery of
God" was realized by this coincidence. In His
childhood He was nurtured under the favors
of the Most Holy Beauty of until,
at the age of nine, He escorted the Ancient
Beauty from Teheran to Bag-
dad. He shared with the Beauty of 
in every calamity and affliction during their
exile from Bagdad to Constantinople, Adrian-
ople, and finally to Acca (the prison), and en-
dured unbearable sufferings. The Tongue of
Grandeur was always uttering the greatness of
His station, and appointed His Holiness, the
Excellent to the position of the 
TER 01-" THE In a Tablet revealed
by the Beauty of to ABDUL--BAHA,
While the latter was in Beyrout, He said:
"We have appolrzted Thee a protection to all
the creatures, a guardian to all in the Heaven
and the earth, a fortress to those who
believe in Goa', the Orle, the 
ye beloved of God! How can I duly
praise the Lord of mankind, the CENTER OF
THE (May the life of all the crea-
tures be a sacrifice to Himl), and how can
I explain the loftiness of His station! For
He is the One Whom all the Divine Mani-
festations have praised and extolled.
Let us now offer our humble efforts in
praising and glorifying God, the Exalted, Who
has honored us by serving the CENTER OF HIS
hath made us know in His Name,
and hath placed us under the shadow of His
Glorious Banner. We thank Him in such
praises whereby the faces of the steadfast ones
are illuminated!
Praise be to God, the King of the Heaven
and the earth!
(Signed) ABUL FAZL.
it-May 23, 1844 A. D.

