4 STAR OF THE WEST
Abdul-Baha's object in this motion picture
is that it shall become an instrument for
spreading the message of the Bahai Revela-
tion throughout the world. From the negative
secured he intends to take a number of films
into the East--Egypt, Persia, India and other
countries. The influence this will exert is be-
yond any power of estimation.
Furthermore, it is our intention--Abdul-
Baha's consent having already been willingly
given-to take a record of his voice on the
Edison talking machine. This record will be
heard in conjuiiction with the moving picture
film and slides. Human power of invention
can go no further in reproducing Abdul--Baha
for the benefit of the coming generations. The
greatest effect will be apparent in those com-
ing years' long after the Blessed Subject him-
selfhas passed from this world. Con-
sider what this means! The beloved friends
one hundred years from now will be able to
see the form, face, and actions of the Beloved
Centre of the Covenant; and even more, listen
to the actual tone of his vo-ice speaking the
words which the pictures so eloquently por-
tray.
It is our hope and expectation that the ex-
hibit of the moving picture of Abdul-Baha
with its accessories, will become a most pow-
erful instrument in this country for the spread-
ing of the Most Great Message of Peace and
Unity. May all Heavenly blessings follow
this earnest effort.
[On Sunday morning, August 11th, the Bahais
of Chicago were privileged to see the moving pic-
ture of Abdul-Baha for the first time. The occa-
sion was made doubly enjoyable through the pres-
ence of Mr. Howard MacNutt, who told how the
picture was taken--the substance of which is in-
corporated in the foregoing. The film shown is
owned by the Sun on THE WEST.
An exhibition of the moving picture or Abdul-
Baha with complete accessories was given at Gold-
en Gate Theatre, W. 128th St., New York City,
August 14th. Explanatory talks were given by
Mr. and Mr. Grundy, stereopticon slides
were shown, making altogether an interesting pro-
gram of over an hour.
Hearing of the moving picture film owned by
the STAR on {ran in Chicago, the Bahais of
Muskegon, Fruitport (Mich.) and vicinity ex-
pressed a desire to see it. Through the efiorts oi
Mrs. Corinne True, whose summer home is in
Fruitport, and Mrs. Helene Bagg arrangements
were made, and on Sunday morning, August 25th,
it was exhibited in Muskegon. The showing of the
picture, the presence of Miss Gertrude Buikema,
Mr. Albert R. Windust, and Mr. George Latimer,
of Portland, Oregon--who had recently visited
Abdul-Baha in Dublin, N. H.--was made the occa-
sion of a happy outdoor Bahai gathering at Lake
Michigan Park during the afternoon. Mr. Lati-
mer read from notes taken while with Abdul-Baha,
and addresses were made by the 
Editms]
ADDRESSES DELIVERED BY ABDUL-BAHA IN NEW YORK CITY
AND VICINITY.
Compiled from stenographio notes and edited by Mr. Howard MacNutt.
or ABDUL--BAHA AT 780 END
Ava, New YORK CITY or MR. AND
Mas. E. B. KLNNEY), on run DAY or His
LANDING IN AMERICA, APRIL 11, 1912.
Stenographic Notes by Hooper Harris.
OW are you? You are welcome.
After arriving today, although tired,
still I had the utmost longing and yearn-
ing to see you, and I could not resist this
meeting. Now that I have met you and have
seen you, all my fatigue is your
meeting is the' cause of spiritual happiness, all
physical fatigue has disappeared.
I .-was in-Egypt and was 11ot feeling well;
but I wished to come to meet you in America,
for I had the utmost longing and yearning
to meet you in this land. My friends and
associates came to me and said: "This is a
long trip, the sea is expansive, and you must
stay here." But the more they insisted, the
greater became my longing to take this trip.
Some of those friends also were not feeling
well. Nevertheless I have come to America
to meet the friends' of God. This will demon-
strate to you how great my love is for you.
To see you I have taken this long voyage.
Although there were many, troubles and vicissi-
tudes, yet when I thought of the meeting with
you, all these things vanished away.
In reality I am very much pleased with the
City of New York. Its entrance, its wharves,
the buildings and the broad avenues are all
magnificent and beautiful. Truly I say it is
a wonderful city. As New York has made
wonderful progress in material civilization, 
hope that spiritually it may also advance ir
the realm of God, so that the friends in this

