12 STAR OF
is less than ours. Praise be to God'. our hope
is in the mercy of God and there is no doubt
-that the Divine compassion is bestowed upon
the poor: His Holiness Jesus Christ said so;
His Holiness said so. While
was in Baghdad, still in posses-
sion of great wealth, He left all He had and
went alone from the city, living two years
among the poor. They were His comrades.
He ate with them, slept with them, and gloried
in being one of them. He chose for one of
His names the title of "The Poor One," and
often in His writings refers to Himself as
"Darweesh" which in Persian means "poor";
and of this title He was very proud. He ad-
monished all that we must be the servants of the
poor, helpers of the poor, remember the sor-
rows of the poor, associate with them, for
thereby we may inherit the Kingdom of
Heaven. God has not said that there are man-
sions prepared for us if we pass our time asso-
ciating with the rich, but He has said there are
many mansions prepared for the servants of
the poor, for the poor are very dear to God.
The mercies and bounties of God are with
them. The rich are mostly negligent, inat--
tentive, steeped in worldliness, depending upon
their means, whereas the poor are dependent
upon God and their reliance is upon Him, not
upon themselves. Therefore the poor are
nearer the Threshold of God and His Throne.
Jesus was a poor man. One night when He
was out in the fields the rain began to tall.
He had no place to go for shelter, so He lifted
His eyes toward heaven saying: Father!
for the birds of the air Thou hast created nests,
tor the sheep a fold, for the animals dens, for
the fishes places of refuge, but for me Thou
hast provided no shelter; there is no place
where I may lay my head, my bed consists of
the cold ground, my lamps at night are the
stars and my food is the grass of the field, yet
who upon earth is richer than For the
greatest blessing Thou hast not given to the
rich and mighty but unto me Thou hast given
the poor. To me Thou hast granted this bless-
ing. They are mine. Therefore am I the
richest man on earth!"
So my comrades you are following in the
footsteps of Iesus Christ. Your lives are
similar to His life, your attitude is like unto
Him, you resemble Him more than the rich.
Therefore we will thank God that we have
been so blest with real riches. And in con-
clusion I ask you to accept Abdul-Baha as your
servant.
THE WEST
[At the end of this meeting, Abdul-Baha
stood at the Bowery entrance to the Mission
hall, shaking hands with from four to five hun-
d1-ed' men and placing within each palm a piece
of silver.]
ABDUL-BAHA AT UNITY 
NEW JERSEY (REV. EDGAR S. Wrens, PAsroR),
SUNDAY, MAY 12, 1912, 11 A. M.
Stenographie Notes by E. Foster.
INTRODUCTION BY REV. EDGAR S. 
Reading of Bahai Scriptures.
IN ETEEN HUNDRED years have passed
since the birth of Him whom the Western
nations acknowledge as the Master, and
yet in these Western lands a constantly in-
creasing amount of the wealth of field and fac-
tory is expended for instruments of destruction,
for engines of warfare. Europe is a great armed
camp, and the Christian nations confront one
another armed to the teeth. Where there was
one soldier in the time of Jesus, there are hun-
dreds now. We need some great impelling
message of peace. Within the nations, class is
set against class. The employer and employee,
the capitalist and wage earner confront each
other with hatred, and such are the conditions
of these relationships that many a man believes
there is revolution. Our own attitude of the
white race toward the negro of the South and
the red men of the West is anything but that
which is inculcated in our religion or any re-
ligion. In that highest endeavor, in what we
call religion, we are absolutely divided into
little sects. Toleration in religion is the only
visible fruit of four hundred years. We have
not progressed beyond toleration. We need
some great word that will bring us to the
realization of brotherhood, unity and love.
Here in the Western world, where We are
drunken in the pride of our inventive powers,
with the development of our industries, we'
need to have our thoughts turned to the deep
things of the spirit; to the things that do not
pass with the passing of the centuries.
Fortunately for us there comes now a great
Word from the East, a Word from Asia--the
mother of religion throughout the history oi
reconciling Word. Just when we need
the message of spiritual truth, the message of
peace, this new religion has appeared. It has
already had its ten thousand Its his-
tory is a series of heroic deeds. It is the new
Acts of the Apostles. In some slight way we
have been in touch with this religion for five

