STAR OF THE WEST 7
channel between God and man. No further
proof is required for this. I do not attempt
to p-r-ove the validity of Moses by pointing
to his turning the rod into a serpent; instead
I give evident proofs.
"Again you W-ill note that His Highness
Christ was a Jew. Ponder well over this
matter: The Jews were captives in the hand
of the Romans; they were their slaves. From
every standpoint they were scattered and im-
poverished. Nebuchadnezzar carried seventy
thousand of them into captivi-ty at Babylon.
Even today the tombs of Esther and Daniel
are there. And afterwards what did Titus,
the Roman Emperor, not do! He entirely de-
stroyed the foundation of the Jewish temple.
The effect of the destruction of Titus is inani-
fest up to- this time for we see them scat-
tered all over the world. His Holiness Christ
appeared and established unity among the
Romans, the Greeks, the Chaldeans, the As-
syrians, the Europ-eans and the Americans.
He established -a bond of unity between all
the nation's. All the great prophets, the kings
and the worthies of the Israelitish nation
could not make the Persians believe iin Moses.
All the prophets such as Isa.iah, Jeremiah, Eze-
kiel, Nehemiah, et al., could not make one
Zoroastrian believe in Moses. But one Jew
came and many millions believe in Him. He
spread His name in the East and in the West.
He caused the Bible to be translated in all
the languages of the world, and today nearly
every home contains a Bible. He demon-
strated throughout the World to all the nations
of the world that the Israelitish people were
the chosen people, that the Israelitish prophets
were the prophets of God, that their boo-ks
were the 'books of God, that their words were
the words of God. This is evident. These
are not intellectual or traditional evidences
but they are such evidences as permit of no
discussion. Look at America. You see a
Bible in almost every house that you enter.
See what Christ has accomplished. Witness
what one soul who was crucified has accom-
plished.
"When He was living upon the earth He
was alone, ridiculed and rejected by His own
people. Almost everybody cursed and ridi-
culed Him. His own relatives left Him; even
His disciples almost abandoned Him; they
placed upon His head a crown of thorns
and paraded Him over the streets, and finally
they crucified Him. He was alone! alone! but
the traces of His work and the signs of His
message have filled the world. Man must be
just. After these statements no one can deny
the greatness of Christ. Now is it evident to
you that all these conditions among the na-
tions are On account. of injustice? If they had
all been just they would have been united on
this p-rinciple: that these prophets were chan-
nels for the bounty of God, for they were the
first teachers of mankind.
"The philosophers are also teachers but all
they could do was to teach themselves and
a few other souls. But the prophets of God
taught the whole world. They trained all
the children of men in morals and eth-
ics. Who can say that they failed to
accomplish their work, and who would give
the names of the philosophers the first place 
Rabbi: "Indeed, indeed you are one of the
greatest logicians of the world. Up to this
time I have -been talking to you as a man; now
I will address you as a Rabbi. Your premises
and syllogisms do not agree. It is not correct
to- say that Christ has accomplished all these
things, for but few of his teachings were
accepted until about three hundred and fifty
years after his crucifixion--"
Abdul-Baha here exclaimed: under-
stand, I understand," and then continued: "His
Hilghness Moses laid the foundation but the
result of His teachings became apparent dur-
ing the time of Solomon. If there had been
no Moses there would have been no Solomon.
The sovereignty of Solomon was the out-
come of the principles of Moses. If there
had been no Moses the children of Israel
would have been entirely lost, and up to this
time they would have been slaves in the land
of Pharoah. Their very name would have dis-
appeared from the page of hilstory. Moses laid
down a few principles, but the results of those
principles became apparent five hundred years
afterward. If an inquirer is just he will real-
ize that Moses Iaid with His own hand Solo-
monic universality. Liikewise if His High-
ness Christ had 11ot laid the foundations of
Christianity, the evident signs which we see
today would not have been realized.
scatter the seeds today, six months hence
they may become apparent. In the mean-
time, can anyone deny the germination of
these seeds, and when they are grown, re-
pudiate the fact that these plants owe their
origin to the seed?"
Rabbi: "Suppose that Christ was the Prom-
ised One of the Jews; how did the doctrine
of divinity creep in among the Christians?"
Abdul-Baha: "Do not look upon the Chris-
tians of today. The Christians are today sub-

