or color. There are some who shine as lamps
and there are others who rise like stars in the
sky of humanity. In short, the only difference
existing between men is this, there are 
men and heavenly men. God does not ask if
a man comes from the East or West, from the
North or South.
A great cause of division among the people
is the political prejudice. There are people
who find pleasure in causing discord. These
people love only their own country, even to
the destruction' of others. They collect armies
and send them to destroy other nations in
order t-0 achieve fame, for the joy of
hearing people say: "Such a country has de-
feated another and brought it under the yoke
of a superior government." This glory is
bought at the price of blood, and yet it is not
lasting. Those who have triumphed will in
their turn be conquered, and those who are
subjected will in due time become victorious.
Consider the history of the past. How many
times has the French nation conquered the
German nation, and yet France herself has
been conquered by Germany. It is the same
4 STAR OF THE WEST
when We remember the past relations between
England and this country.
As these victories are only temporary, why
do men attach so much importance to them
and shed blood for their sake?
Man should be an example of the power of
Divine Teaching and faithful to the law. \'Vhy
do-es he put all his effort into destruction and
separation?
I hope that in this luminous century the Di-
vine Light will shed radiance over the whole
world and that the Divine Bounty will seek
out every man. The Light of the Sun of
Truth is for all. Humanity will be freed from
the chains of prejudice and superstition.
'We must follow God's policy. Man's poli-
tics are weak, but the policy of God, the Crea-
tor of all, is strong; it is the best and we must
follow His example. He gives alike to all
of His Divine Bounty--We are all His serv-
ants. The servant follows his master's ex-
ample.
I pray the Kingdom shall come on earth,
that the shadow shall disappear before the
radiance of the Sun. of Truth.
Children of Men-I Do ye /mow why We have created ye from one clay? That -no
one should glorify himself over the other. Be ye ever mindful of how ye were created
Since l'Ve created ye all from one substance, ye m--usz' be as one soul, walking with the some
feet, eating with one mouth and in one land, that ye may mam'fes'z' with your being
and by your deeds and actions the signs of unity and the spirit of Hidden
Words.
THE FIFTH PRINCIPLE
Equality of Sexes.
OD has created all creatures in couples.
In the vegetable, animal and human king-
dom, all are of two sexes, and there is
ab-solute equality between them.
In the vegetable world there are male plants
and female plants. Both have equal rights,
there is no difference between them. Each
possess an equal share of the beauty of their
species.
In the animal world all are male or female.
Each have equal rights and there is no dif-
ference between them, they each share the
advantages of their kind.
In all these realms of nature the sexes have
equal rights; but when we come to the world
of humanity we see a difference.
This difference is caused by education. In
God's creation neither is superior to the otl1e1j_
there is no distinction, no difference. 'Why do
men make a difference?
The capacity of women is the Same as men;
if she were educated with the same advantages
the result would be the same; in fact
women have a superior disposition to men,
they are more receptive, more sensitive, their
intuition is more intense. The only reason
of their present b-ackwardness in some direc-
tions is "because they have not had the same
educational advantages as men.
In the necessities of life women are superior
to men, they are the cause of existence of
men themselves.
If a mother is well educated, her children
will also be well taught. If the mother is
wise, the children will be Wise; if the mother
is religious, the children will also be religious.
If the mother is a good woman, then the
children will also be good. The future gen-
eration depends then on the mothers of today.
Is not this a vital position of responsibility
for women?
Surely God does not wish such an important

