STAR OF THE WEST 5
the Taurat. The Holy Bible caused he to be
burned.
Thus we learn that the foundation of the
Divine Religions is ever the cause of prog-
ress, and also that where the holy foundation
becomes as it were destroyed and beclouded
or surrounded by certain blind imitations,
when it leaves the central axis, then the reverse
takes place and it is a cause of debasement, the
cause of degradation.
Even so was the case with the Greek nation
when they were the conquerors. Then the
Jews became captives in their turn, and they
were followed by the Romans, who proved
to be the conquering nation, and they almost
did away with the Israelites.
Under Titus the Roman emperor, when he
was commander of the Roman army, the Holy
Land was laid waste and made a w'i1de1'ness.
The Israelites were scattered broadcast in the
world, because he killed their noteworthy men,
their possessions were pillaged, and Jerusalem
was made a. heap of dust. And such was the
scattering and dispersion of the Iews, which
has continued ever since.
Hence we learn that the foundation of the
Religion of God which was laid by His Holi-
ness Moses was the cause of eternal honor,
was the cause of the advancement of the
nation, was the cause of the life of the Hebrew
people, was the cause of homage to be paid
forever to this noteworthy people- The dog-
mas or blind imitations which later crept in
proved to be the destructive influences of the
Israelites. They caused the Israelites to be
scattered throughout the earth, and to be ex-
pelled from their land by right--the Holy
Land.
In short, what is the mission of Prophets?
The mission of the Prophets is no other
than the advancement or the education of the
world of humanity. The Prophets are the
genuine teachers or educators. The Prophets
are the universal instructors.
Should we desire to find out whether or not
any of these great souls or messengers was a
Prophet, we will investigate the facts of the
case, and the line of our investigation will be
one of education. If he has been an educator,
if he has really educated a people, if he has
trained a nation, causing it to attain to the
highest point of knowledge after it had been
in the lowest abyss of ignorance, then we are
sure that he was a Prophet. This is a plain
and clear mode of procedure and is irrefutable.
We do not have to go to other proofs. 'Ne
do not have to cite miracles, saying that out of
rock water gushed forth, because such a mir-
acle may be denied by others--they may refute
it. We do not need such miracles.
The very deeds of Moses are proofs conclu-
sive concerning his Prophethood. We are in
need of no further evidences--evidences which
are usually refutable.
If a man be unbiased, be fair, and investigate
reality, he will Without doubt bear testimony
to the fact that His Holiness Moses was
verily a man of God; was a great personage.
Let us not digress. Let us go to the sub-
ject. But here I wish to ask you to be very
fair in your judgment, setting aside for the
moment all religious prejudice.
All of us should thoroughly investigate or
search for verities, because the purpose of the
Religion of God has been proved to be no
other than the education of humanity and the
cause of amity and fellowship among men.
Therefore I wish to establish this point,--tliat
the foundations of the Religions of God are
one. They are not multiple, for they are
realities.
Reality does not accept multiplicity, although
every one of the Divine Religions is separable
into two divisions. One is concerned with
the world of morality, and that is essential.
It is concerned with the ethical uplift of
the human nature. It is concerned with the
advancement of the World of humanity in gen-
eral. It has to do with the knowledge of God.
It has to do with the discovery of the vverities
of life. This is idealism; this is an essential
division. This division is not subject to change
or transformation. This is one; it is the
foundation of all the Religions of God. There-
fore all the Religions are one and the same.
The second classification or division has to
do with social laws regulating the conduct of
mankind. This division is not essential. It
is subject to change and transformation
according to the exigencies or the requirements
of time and place.
For instance: in the time of Noah certain re-
quirements demanded that all the sea foods be
allowable or lawful. During the period of
Abrahaniic Prophethood it was considered al-
lowable, because of a certain exigency that a
man should marry his aunt, even as Sarah was
the sister of Abrahamfs mother. During the
time of Adam it was in vogue or current that a
man should marry his own sister, even as the
children of Cain and 
ried their own sisters, for the reason that it
was considered expedient at that time, but in
the law of the Taurat that became abrogated-

