STAR OF THE WEST 11
peared in these days in the Name of the Lord
of the earth.
Look at the twenty--third chapter of Deuter-
onomy, second verse: "And he said: The
Lord came from Sinai--and rose up from Seir
unto them--he shined forth from Mount
Paran--and he came with ten thousand of
saints: from his right hand went a fiery law
for them."
This means, four appearances of the
first refers to the time when GOD appeared
to Moses in Mount Sinai; the second, to
Christ in the Name of the Son; the third, to
Mohammed from Mount Paran; and the
fourth in when GOD, "The
Almighty," canie with ten thousand of His
saints.
Read the fourteenth verse of the epistle of
Jude: "And Enoch also, the seventh from
Adam, prophesied of these saying, Behold,
the Lord cometh with ten thousand of his
saints."
Read also from the ninth to the sixty-first
Psalms and consider well what is therein men-
tioned, that their hidden meaning may be
revealed unto you; also from Isaiah first to
sixty-first chapters, which refers to the em-
blems and symbols of the coming of the "Day
of also Zechariah the eighth chapter.
In all these reference is made to the appear-
artce of the Father and the Son.
Read the thirty-first chapter of Ezekiel;
also eighth to the twelfth chapters of Daniel,
where reference is made to the empire of
Cyrus, who is known by the name of Chasroes,
and to the vision seen by Daniel, especially
the twelfth chapter which refers to I290 days,
I290 years from the higera of Mo-
hammed. In all these places, as well as many
others, there are sufficient proofs to convince
anyone of the coming of GOD.

Then know, people, that upon the Day
when GOD, "The the form of
man, known as Him-
self*- and uttered to the inhabitants of the
contingent world, to the mountains, hilltops,
trees, grass, shrubs, flowers, weeds, stones,
sands, seas, winds, waves, and every atom com-
prising the earth, and all the ethers compris-
ing the air: AM GOD AND THERE IS NO
GOD BUT MEl"--the old heaven and the old
earth passed away and was no more, and
from that moment all things became new and
that which was, was not!
April 21, 1863, A.D., in the Garden of El-Rizwan
(Paradise) in Bagdad.
That Day marked the era of a new creation,
a new people, a new heaven, and a new
earth! And the secret Word--the Word
of Mystery mentioned first by Adam, then by
the Prophets, Messengers, Christ, and later by
Mohammed, then by the Bab--that V\/ord be-
came flesh and dwelt among men. Its Power
and Glory was flashed from heaven to earth
when stood up and declared: 
AM GOD AND THERE rs NO GOD BUT ME,
THE ANCIENT, THE THE
CREATOR or ALL THINGS, THE ALMIGHTY, THE

Then know, people, at that time the
earth trembled and did quake, the heavens
rolled together as a scroll, and in less than
the twinkling of an all things passed away
and GOD alone existed!
Then from the Shining Mouth of the Living
Word went forth the command in
another twinkling, a new creation was!
Then know, ye who are seeking for
knowledge, that the first creature of this new
and extraordinary creation to come forth, rec-
ognize and acknowledge "The-Word-Made-
Manifest," was His first begotten Son--in the
form of man, professed,
testified and confessed to the Appearance of
GOD "The Almighty," "The Heavenly
Father," by saying: ART 
ART THE ART THE
FATHER OF THE ART THE
or WHAT wAs AND Now Is! GOD,
HERE I AM, I AM 
Therefore, He is the first fruit of those who
slept and the first to believe in GOD and in
the fulfillment of the Promised Day, which
is in accordance with what GOD hath said in
the Book of Names: "Thou testifieth for Me
and I testify for Thee," and this testimony
was recorded in Kitwb-el-Akdas (The Most
Holy Book) and Kitab-el--Ah'd (The Book of
the Covenant).
Not only is the Will of GOD recorded in
these Books, but in many Tablets He states:
"Blessed is the Land which is honored by the
Visit of one of Thy Beloved; exalted is he
who comes into Thy Presence and opened is
the which seest Thy Beauty l" Also in
Surat-ul-Hy/al He says: "This is the Day
which is not followed by the night 1"
Think over these words, ye people, that
ye may know and realize the great station
of the CENTER or THE and arise
for the service of His Commands throughout
the cities and regions of America, for His

