6 WISDOM-TALKS OF ABDUL-BAI-IA
world can withstand, and which may overcome
all other powers, and that great power is the
Love of God, which power can overcome all
forces, and I hope that that one power may
eradicate this one point of difference and may
unite you all, so that hereafter there shall be
no distinction. His Holiness 
has proclaimed to the world the Oneness of
the world of humanity. He has caused the
various nations and divergent sects and creeds
to unite, and He has declared that the differ-
ence in color in the human kingdom is similar
to the differences of the flowers, the variegated
flowers in a garden. If you enter a garden,
you will see yellow flowers, white flowers,
black, variegated flowers, the red flower for
example, in the utmost of delicacy and beauty,
radiant, and each one through difference lends
a charm to the other. Hence this difference
in the human kingdom is similar to that.
If you were to be ushered into a garden
where all the flowers were of the same hue or
color, how monotonous it would be!
Therefore he has said that the various col-
ors of human kind, one white, one black, one
yellow, one red, lend a harmony of color and
beauty to the whole. Therefore all must asso-
ciate with one another, even as flowers consort
harmoniously together in a given garden.
Annaass or ABDUL-BAHA AT THE FOURTH
ANNUAL CONFERENCE, THE NATIONAL Asso-
CIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT or COLORED
PEOPLE, HANDEL HALL, CHICAGO, APRIL 30,

tament "We have created man in our
own image and likeness. This state-
ment indicates the fact that man in some par-
ticular is of the image and likeness of God;
that is to say, the Perfections of God, the
Divine Virtues, have become reflected or re-
vealed in the human reality. Just as the efTul-
gence and the light of the sun, when cast upon
a mirror, is reflected fully, gloriously, if the
mirror be polished, so likewise the virtues of
Divinity are possible of reflection in the human
reality. And this makes it evident that man
is the most noble of God's creatures. Wheii
you observe created beings, you find that the
mineral kingdom is endowed with certain vir-
tues. And we observe that the vegetable king-
dom has not only the virtues of the mineral
kingdom but it is endowed with another prop-
GOD has stated in the Bible, the Old Tes-
'Translated by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed and taken
stenographically by Joseph H. Hannen.
erty, or, namely, the virtue augmentative or
the power of growth. The animal kingdom
possesses the virtues or powers of the mineral
kingdom plus those of the vegetable kingdom,
and moreover it possesses certain peculiar
properties of its own. The human kingdom is
endowed with the virtues or perfections of the
mineral kingdom and those of the vegetable
kingdom, and the perfections of the animal
kingdom,_ and moreover has the human vir-
tues. This makes it evident that man is
superior and most noble, and he is the most
glorious of beings! Man is the microcosm
and this endless world is the macrocosm. But
the mysteries of the macrocosm, the greater
world, are expressed or revealed in the micro-
cosm or the lesser world. The tree is the
greater world, so to speak, and a seed holds
the relation of the lesser World. But the
whole of the tree is potentially latent in the
seed. An immense tree, a colossal tree, is
latent or hidden within a small seed. So
when this seed is cultivated, is planted, then
it is made possible of revelation. Likewise
the greater world, the macrocosm, is latent
and involved in the microcosm or the lesser
world, and that is the universality of the vir-
tues which is particularized in man. This
man who has been called the image and like-
ness of God: Let us find out just where and
how he is the image and likeness of the Lord,
and what is the standard or criterion whereby
he can be measured. The criterion or the
standard can be no other than the Divine vir-
tues within men, which are Divine and after
His image. Therefore every man who is
imbued with the Divine qualities, who re-
veals the heavenly perfections and heavenly
morals, who is an expression of the praise-
worthy attributes, ideal in nature, is verily an
image and likeness of God. If a man should
possess wealth, can we call him an image and
likeness of God? Or is human honor the
criterion whereby he can be called the image
of God? Or can we apply a color test as a
criterion, and say such and such an one is
colored with a certain hue and he is, therefore,
in the image of God? Can we say, for ex-
ample, a man who is green in hue is an image
of God? Or can we make another distinction,
saying that one who is white is any more an
image of God? Is simply the white color a
criterion whereby man is to be judged? And
shall we make a sweeping statement like
that? Or is it reasonable for us to choose
the 'dark color, supposing we say a colored
man is, after all, the image and likeness, just

