10 STAR OF THE WEST
sympathy to the family of the departed brother
in 
ii,
In behalf of the Bahai students of The
American University of Beirut,
Husein A. Afmm.
LESLIE 
URIN the month of January, little Les-
lie of Montreal, Canada,
died as a result of being crushed by an auto-
mobile. We quote the following words from
his parents to the Bahai friends:
"Nothing I can say can adequately express
to you the gratitude and heartfelt appreciation
Mrs. and I have felt for the way
you showed your affection and loving sym-
pathy with us at a time when We were called
upon to part with a priceless treasure and
suffer a loss that has left its indelible impress
upon us. . . . God took him to Himself out
of the pain and distress this life would surely
have given him after such terrible damage had
been done to his head. . . . Our revered Ab-
dul-Baha, during his visit to Montreal, filled
Leslie's hands with fruit, put his hand on his
head and kissed him, and said he would be
a shining light for God, and so we believe
that our little one has been privileged to be
called to serve as a little soul-star in the
realms beyond. . . .
"Ever yours in 
Henry F. 
ON TE ACHING--[Continued from page eight]
We are taught that if we offer the Truth
of these teachings to any one, and they are
refused, we must not be at all anxious, but
leave them to themselves and pray for them.
We must use such wisdom as we have in
at no moment must we have
anxiety for that person, but only for the
spreading of the Truth of God; because at
this time He (God) desires to be known.
THE MESSAGE IN BRIEF
Every spring of water is pure at its source:
the farther it wanders through the dust and
earth, the more it becomes impregnated with
that which is not water. Thus he who would
drink must find a new spring, or live in a
condition of sickness through using the im-
pure water.
When this condition has come and when the
need for real or pure water arrives--the Great
Provider of springs supplies a new one similar
in kind and purity to the former--but some-
times of greater magnitude--that all the thirsty
ones may drink to their heart's content, and
become strong and well.
In the morning when the new daylight
awakens the earth the air is pure and sweet,
fresh, inspiring and filled with the medicine
of life, but as the day progresses, the dust is
stirred up, the smoke of man's devices poisons
the air, and finally comes the darkness of the
night, and man enters into sleep.
So in every dispensation of God, His
Prophet, His Mouthpiece appears--bringing
'water, light, air, truth for the world. It is
given forth pure by Him, but as the years pass
man's self colors, distorts, muddies and poi-
sons that Truth until spiritual night ensues
when the Sun of the Heaven of Religion is
darkened and the Moon of Religious teach-
ings by the priesthood is split asunder--re-
fuses to give its light and chaos threatens.
Then is seen in the East "the Sign of the
Son of Man," the freshening of the new
dawn, and then appears the arising of the
Glorious Sun of Truth and Revelation.
In this our blessed age, that Sun has shone
forth with all of its Glory as never before,
with a brilliancy and splendor which this old
earth has never known until now, except in
the way of promises.
Adam, Noah, Abraham, Moses, Jesus, Mo-
hammed, et al., all manifested the Truth "of
the Father"; but each promised that a greater
One should appear at the consummation of the
ages. This One is THE FATHER Himself.
All were pure mirrors showing to us the
Sun of Righteousness reflected in themselves;
but now the greatest of all, the manifested
GOD Himself, ("The Glory of
God"), has come!
The Sun of the seen and the unseen heavens
of spirituality has shone upon the earth,
upon mankind, in this lowest horizon, with
wisdom, knowledge, law, compassion, suffer-
ing and patience, with generosity, sweetness,
humbleness, with majesty, power, brilliancy
and everlasting glory, teaching all who have
ears to hear or eyes to see--by word of
mouth, by word of pen, by precept and by ex-
ample the way of God as it has never been
given to the world before in all the ages of
the past.
Blessed is he who sees and hears, and who
Walks thereiir!

