14 STAR OF
is not to be considered, because this very dis-
tinction is going to create discord and trouble.
They will say, well, if womankind is inferior,
therefore she is not to be qualified with all the
qualities man has. In brief, man thinks him-
self superior. And their ambition may wax
cold, saying that we will not attempt to
reach because it is creationally impossible.
This love of advancement would wax less.
They would become helpless. On the con-
trary: We must declare that their capacity is
greater. When man endeavors to educate a
person, he should inspire him with hope and
ambition so the susceptibilities for progress
may increase. He should not be told that
he is inferior or weaker in qualities. If you
tell a pupil in the school that his intelligence
is less than the other pupils, it is a very great
drawback for his advancement. On the con-
trary, he must be encouraged to advance, say-
are most capable and if you en-
deavor you will reach the highest pitch, and
that is the way it should be.
In short, my hope is that in the five conti-
nents, where this is not fully established, it
may be established and the banner of equality
may be raised. And let it be known once
more that until womankind and mankind rea-
lize this equality, progress is not made pos-
sible. The worlcl of humanity consists of two
divisions, of two parts. One part or member
is woman, the other is man. Until the two
are equal in strength, the oneness of human-
ity cannot be realized. And the happiness of
hu-mankind will not be a reality. God wil1--
ing, this is to be so.
or ABDUL--BAI--IA AT TI-IE BAHAI
RECEPTION, LA SALLE HOTEL, CHI-
caoo, MAY 2, 
HEN we cast a glance at all creational
beings, we find that the three forms
of life are in need of an education.
For example, in studying the mineral and
the vegetable kingdoms, we find that the
gardener has a function there in educating
the trees. A tree under the training of a
gardener daily progresses and grows. It pre-
sents an extraordinary growth. If it be wild
and fruitless, by the process of grafting it
will become\ fruitful. If it be small it can be
made a big tree, and it can be a beautiful and
fresh and verdant tree. But a tree which is
bereft of the training of the gardener daily
*TransIated by. Dr. Ameen U. Fareed and taken
stenographically by Joseph H. Hannen.
THE 
retrogresses and becomes absolutely deprived
of its fruitage. It will become a tree of the
jungle. Its fruit shall be exceedingly bad.
It may become entirely bereft of fruitage.
Likewise, when we observe the animal king-
dom. the animals which have come under
training in their world, daily progress and
advance. Nay, rather, they will become beau-
tiful as animals. They may even develop
in their intelligence. For example, take the
Arabian horse. How intelligent it has become!
How well educated and trained it has become!
How polite even this horse has become! This
is not other than the result of education. But
as to the human World, it is a self-evident
fact that it is more in need of an education than
the other existing beings. Consider the in-
habitants of Africa and the inhabitants of
America: What a vast difference is observ-
able! How the people have become civilized
here, and there they are still in the utmost
state of savagery. What is the cause of that
savagery and the reason for this civilization?
It is an evident thing that education is respon-
sible therefor. Education has given the in-
habitants of America this civilization, but lac?-:
of education has rendered the Africans still
savage. Consider how effective, therefore, is
education in the human kingdom. It renders
the ignorant wise; the man who is a tyrant a
merciful one; the blind seeing; the deaf atten-
tive. The imbecile even intelligent. How vast
is this difference! How colossal is the differ-
ence between the man who has been educated
and the man who has not been educated.
This is the effect when the teacher is only an
ordinary material one, like all other human
teachers.
But Praise be to God! Your teacher, your
instructor is He is the teacher
of the Orient and the Occident. He is the
very teacher of the world of divinity. He
is the teacher of spirituality. He is the very
Sun of Truth. The lights of His education
are radiating even as the glorious sun radiates.
See what it has done! How it is educating all
humanity, that I, a Persian, have come here
to a meeting of yours--revered souls on the
American Continent-and am standing here
before you with the greatest love, expounding
to you. This is not other than through the
love of the training of which
has united and can unite the hearts in this
fashion. Even so has it enlightened the
world! Even so has it breathed the Spirit of
God into men! Even so has it resuscitated
the hearts of men! Therefore, Praise ye God!

