STAR OF THE WEST 9
ADDRESSES DELIVERED BY ABDUL-BAHA IN NEW YORK CITY AND VICINITY.
(Continued from page seven)
.. _tn_,4
Abdul-Baha and Suite at Persian Consul-General
'I'0pakyan's Home in New Jersey.
Fifty years ago, His Holiness 
sent epistles to all the kings and nations of the
world, at a time when there was no mention
of International Peace. One of these epistles
was sent by Him to the President of the
American Democracy. In these comn1unica--
tions summoned all to International Peace
and the oneness of the human World. He
summoned all to the fundamentals of the
teachings of all the Prophets. Some of the
European kings were haughty. Among them
was Napoleon Bonaparte 
wrote a second epistle to him, which was
published thirty years ago. The context is
this: Napoleon! thou hast become
haughty indeed. Thou hast become proud.
Thou hast forgotten God. Thou dost im-
agine that this majesty is permanent for
thee,--this dominion is abiding for thee. A
letter have we sent unto thee for accept-
ance with thy greatest love; but instead thou
hast shown haughtiness. Therefore God shall
uproot this edifice of thy sovereignty; thy
country shall flee away from thee. Thou
shalt find humiliation hastening after thee
because thou didst not arise for that which
was enjoined upon that which
was a duty incumbent upon thee was the
cause of life to the world. The punishment
of God shall soon be dealt out to thee."
This epistle was revealed in the year 1869,
and after one year the foundations of the
Napoleonic Sovereignty were utterly uprooted.
Among these epistles Was 
one to the Shah of Persia. It was printed
and spread broadcast throughout all the
countries of the world. This epistle was
revealed in the year I870. In it admon-
ished the Shah of Persia to be kind to
all his subjects,--summoning him to justice,
--counselling him to make no distinction
among the Jew, Christian,
Mohammedan, Zoroastrian, was he to
deal equally and the oppressions prevalent
in his country Were to be removed. The Iews
were greatly oppressed in Persia.
especially recommended justice
for them, saying that all people are the
servants of God, and in the of the Gov-
ernment they should be equally 
the Government should be just to all. . . .
"If justice is not dealt out, if these oppressions
are not removed and if thou dost not obey
God, the foundations of thy Government will
be razed and thou shalt become evanescent.--
Abdul-Baha and Persian Consul-General Topakyan

