STAR OF THE WEST hilt -
'Descending stairway to a wooded dell.
Thou hast destined that all shall belong to the
same household, and in Thy Holy Presence
they are all Thy servants, and all mankind are
sheltered beneath Thy tabernacle. All have
gathered together at Thy table of bounty, all
are radiant through the light of Thy Provi-
dence. God! Thou are kind to all, Thou
hast provided for all, Thou dost shelter all,
Thou conferest life upon all, Thou hast en-
dowed each and all with talents and faculties;
all are submerged in the ocean of Thy mercy.
Thou kind Lord! unite all, let all the re-
ligions, agree, make all the nations one, so that
all may see one another as one kind, the deni-
zens of the same fatherland. May they all
associate with one another with perfect amity
and unity. God! hoist the banner of the
oneness of humankind. God! establish the
Most Great Peace. Cement Thou, God! the
hearts together. Thou kind Father, God!
exhilarate the hearts through the fragrance
of Thy lo-ve; brighten the eyes through the
light of Thy guidance; cheer the hearing of all
with the melody of Thy Word, and shelter us
all in the cave of Thy Providence. Thou art
the Mighty and Powerful! Thou art the For-
giving, and Thou art the one who overlookest
the shortcomings of all humankind!
A STROLL WITH ABDUL-BAHA
CULMINATING IN A BAI-IAI MEETING UNDER THE or LINCOLN PARK, CHICAGO.
BY Horrors I. 
URING Abdul-Baha's stay in Chicago
at the Plaza Hotel, it became a matter of
frequent occurrence for him to take a
morning or evening stroll in Lincoln Park-
that magnificent plaisance where lawns and
woods extend northward from the hotel for
several miles along the sho-re of Lake Mich-
igan.
On these occasions it was usual for him to
accept the escort of any of the friends who
might have the good fortune to be on hand
and at leisure at the time of starting; and
one of the most interesting of these episodes
was the one of which there is presented here-
with an outline as illustrated by the camera
of a friend who although belated at the start,
had been guided through the mazes of the
park to the place where the little party was
pursuing its way among the trees.
Near the lakeward side of the middle por-

