STAR OF THE WEST 5
ADDRESS OF ABDUL-BAHA AT GREEN ACRE, MAINE.
DELIVERED AT THE AUGUST 16, 1912.
Translated by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed; stenographic notes by Miss Edna McKinney.
THE SUBJECT OF WAS SUGGESTED.
VERY subject presented to a thoughtful
audience must be supported by rational
proofs and logical arguments. Proofs
are of four kinds: first, through sense--per-
ception; second, through the reasoning fac-
ulty; third, from traditional or scriptural au-
thority; fourth, through the medium of in-
spiration. That is to say there are four crite-
rions or standards of judgment by which the
human mind reaches its conclusions. We will
first consider the criterion of the senses. This
is a standard still held to by the materialistic
philosophers of the world. They believe that
whatever is perceptible to the senses is a verity,
a certainty, and without doubt existent. For
example they say "here is a lamp which you
see, and because it is perceptible to the sense
of sight you cannot doubt its existence. There
is a tree; your sense of vision assures you of
its reality, which is beyond question. This is
a man; you see that he is a man; therefore he
exists." In a word, everything confirmed by
the senses is assumed to be as undoubted and
unquestioned as the product of five multiplied
by five; it cannot be twenty-six nor less than
twenty-five. Consequently the materialistic
philosophers consider the criterion of the
senses to be first and foremost.
But in the estimation of the divine philoso-
phers this proof and assurance is not reliable;
nay rather they deem the standard of the
senses to be false because it is imperfect.
Sight for instance is one of the most impor-
tant of the senses, yet it is subject to many
aberrations and inaccuracies. The sees
the mirage as a body of water,--regards images
in the mirror as realities when they are but
reflections. A man sailing upon the river
imagines that objects upon the shore are mov-
ing whereas he is in motion and they are sta-
tionary. To the the earth appears fixed
while the sun and stars revolve about it. As
a matter of fact the heavenly orbs are sta-
tionary and the earth turning upon its axis.
The colossal suns, planets and constellations
which shine in the heavens appear small, nay
infinitesimal to human vision whereas in real-
ity they are vastly greater than the earth in
dimension and volume. A whirling spark
appears to the sight as a circle of fire. There
are numberless instances of this kind which
show the error and inaccuracy of the senses.
Therefore the divine philosophers have con-
sidered this standard of judgment to be de-
fective and unreliable.
The second criterion is that of the intellect.
The ancient philosophers in particular con-
sidered the intellect to be the most important
agency of judgment. Among the wise men of
Greece, Rome, Persia and Egypt the criterion
of true proof was reason. They held that
every matter submitted to the reasoning fac-
ulty could be proved true or false, and must
be accepted or rejected accordingly. But in
the estimation of the people of insight this
criterion is likewise defective and unreliable.
for these same philosophers who held to rea-
son or intellect as the standard of human judg-
ment have differed Widely among themselves
upon every subject of investigation. The
statements of the Greek philosophers are con-
tradictory to the conclusions of the Persian
sages. Even among the Greek philosophers
themselves there is continual variance and lack
of -agreement upon any given subject. Great
difference of thought also prevailed between
the Wise men of Greece and Rome. Therefore
if the criterion of reason or intellect consti-
tuted a correct and infallible standard of judg-
ment, those who tested and applied it should
have arrived at the same conclusions. As they
differ and are contradictory in conclusions it
is an evidence that the method and standard
of test must have been faulty and insufficient.
The third criterion or standard of proof is
traditional or scriptural, namely that every
statement or conclusion should be supported
by traditions recorded in certain religious
books. When we come to consider even the
holy books,--the books of are led
to ask "Who understands these books? By
what authority of explanation may these
books be understood?" It must be the au-
thority of human reason, and if reason or
intellect finds itself incapable of explaining
certain questions, or if the possessors of in-
tellect contradict each other in the interpreta-
tion of traditions, how can such a criterion be
relied upon for accurate conclusions?
The fourth standard is that of inspiration.
In past centuries many philosophers have
claimed illumination or revelation, prefacing
their statements by the announcement that
"this subject has been revealed through me"

