8 STAR OF THE WEST
become free from world-imperfections; they
would become perfect, redeemed from ani-
malism and human passions, transformed into
angels; that is to say the would
become heavenly. These are the real dis-
ciples of Christ. These are real Christians.
Galen, a Greek philosopher, who was pagan
and not Christian, writing upon the subject
of "Ancient Civilization of Nations," states
that "the greatest shaping influences in the
civilization of nations are religious principles;
and that the effect of Christianity upon the
lives and morals of its adherents is a great
proof of this statement." Now 
came and brought a new life into the hearts
of mankind. He reversed the order of many
former teachings. Vast numbers of His fol-
lowers live in accord with the principles He
set forth. Mirza Abul Fazl for instance, whom
you have named, was firmly fixed in his re-
ligious belief. Under the influence of BAHA-
words, he arose to serve this Cause.
He was thrown into prison two years ;-he
was persecuted and driven out of Persia.
Under all conditions of distress and suffering,
he Was thankful and filled with happiness,--
constantly serving the Cause of 
This is the strongest proof that the Teach-
ings of have within them the
same power to mould and influence human
lives as the Teachings of Jesus. They free
the souls of men from world-attachments
and imperfections. They open the doors in
this age of the world to perfection. The
Jews admit that Jesus appeared in the world
and taught heavenly principles. If Chri-st
had not appeared after Moses the mention
of Moses would have been lost. The founda-
tion of Jesus and the foundation of Moses
were the same. The foundation of 
is likewise the same as Moses and Jesus. All
religion has the same foundation.
Furthermore, consider how 
has upraised the standard of Christ in the
East, in countries and among peoples where
there was formerly no mention of Christ's
name. He established the truth of the Bible
among those who shunned and hated the Bible.
They considered it a righteous act to burn
and destroy the Book of Christianity. BAHA-
has taught them to read the Bible.
Rev. Bixby; Was Christ the Word?
A. B.: has clearly explained
and defined the "Word." Christianity, as
explained by its followers has taught that
Christ is the Word and the Son of God.
What is the meaning of this? 
has explained that seers and prophets are as
letters incomplete in meaning. He shows that
human intellects are imperfect, incomplete,
but Christ was the All-Surrounding Word
and synonymous with Perfection. As He
contained all Perfections and Attributes He
was the Word and this wonderful title Was
conferred upon Him. But seers, prophets and
disciples are as "letters"--without complete
significance.
Rev. Bixby: Was also the
Word in the flesh?
A. B.: Yes! Because He had all the per-
fections.
Rev. Bixby: Did Abraham embody the
Word?
A. B.: We cannot differentiate the attri-
butes of the Word of God cannot dif-
ferentiate perfections. Abraham announced
the Divine Truth. It is not necessary to lower
Abraham to raise Jesus. It is not necessary
to lower Jesus to proclaim We
must spread the Truth of God wherever we
behold it. The essence of the question is that
all these Great Messengers came to raise the
Divine Standard of Perfections. All of them
shine as stars in the same heaven of the Di-
vine Will. All of them give Light to the
world.
Rev. Bixby: Did fulfii Jesus
as Jesus fulfilled Moses?
A. B.: Yes! by spreading the renown and
glory of Jesus. The aim of Moses, Jesus
and was to train humanity to-
ward divine perfections. Can we train the
world upward by imperfections?
[At the conclusion of this interview Abdul-
Baha arose and came toward Rev. Bixby, his
arms filled with large white roses. As he
placed them upon the bosom of his visitor,
literally burying him in them, he said, "These
beautiful roses will express to you the love
and fragrance of the Bahai Spirit."]
or ABDUL-BAHA AT EARL HALL, Co-
LUMBIA New YORK, FRIDAY,
APRIL I9, 1912, 5 P. M.
I an observing man looks around him in

the world of creation he will "find that
created things are divisible into three
classes. First: Created things of the mineral
type; that is to say, matter or substance which
has taken various forms and shapes. The
second kind of created phenomena are the
plants or vegetable kingdom. The vegetable

