STAR OF THE WEST 17
appear after one thousand years or after
thousands of years. Likewise with the trace
of the Supreme Pen He has taken a great
Covenant and Testament from all the Bahais,
that after His Departure they must obey the
Center of the Covenant and must not deviate
one hair's breadth from obedience to him. He
has commanded in the most explicit term in
two instances in the Book of Akdas and He
has appointed most unmistakably the - inter-
preter of the Book.
In all the Tablets, especially the chapter of
"Branch," whose meanings are all Abdul-Baha
--that is, "the Servant of Baha"--everything
that is necessary is revealed from the Supreme
Pen. As Abdul-Baha is the interpreter of the
Book, he says that the chapter of "Branch"
means Abdul-Baha, it refers to the servitude
of Abdul-Baha and nothing else.
In brief, one of the special favors of this
dispensation of His Holiness 
which is not seen past Manifestations is
this :--that He has left no place for difference.
For in His own Day, with the Trace of His
own Supreme Pen He has taken a Covenant
and a Testament. He has pointed to the one
who should be looked upon as authority by all,
He has shown the interpreter of the Book and
has closed the doors of outside interpretation.
Everyone should thank God that in this
Blessed Cause He has tranquilized all and has
left no place for hesitation. Therefore obedi-
ence and submission must be shown and the
face turned completely to him (the Center of
the Covenant). 
Restrict discussion to this and do not exceed
thereto, so that it may become the cause of
fellowship and the remover of differences.
Upon thee be 
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by M. Ahmad Sohrab, Montclair,
N. J., June 24, 1912.
Notwithstanding that pointed
to the one who should be looked upon as
authority by all and named the interpreter of
His Words, leaving no place for difference and
misunderstanding, yet it is known that shortly
after the departure [death] of 
difliculties arose. The following interview be-
tween Badi'u'llah [brother of Abdul-Baha]
and Howard MacNutt at the home of Abdul-
Bah-a in Akka, Syria, january 10, 1905, is a
presentation of this important subject of "The
Center of the Covenant" from another stand-
point. It is printed in the STAR or THE West
at the request of Abdul-Baha:
Interview with Badi'u'llah.
Another afternoon, Badi'u'llah came in to
see us. Our conversation had been upon "loy-
alty to the Covenant." After the interpreter
had explained our views, Badi'u'llah listened
gravely for a while, then said "Nine days after
the ascension of the Blessed Perfection,
the Kitab-el-Ahd [Book of
the Covenant] was read. After a few days
Mohammed Ali Effendi [brother of Abdul-
Baha and Badi'u'llah] and a part of the family
withdrew from Abbas Eifendi [Abdul-Baha].
The other members of the family were insti-
gated by words of Mohammed Ali to the effect
that the Blessed Perfection had Written in the
Kitab-el-Akdas [Book of the Laws] that no
Manifestation should appear for one thousand
years and that Abbas Effendi was taking the
title of "Manifestation" to himself. This was
the cause of the breaking away of part of the
f3II11ly,'11'lCl11dl1'lg' myself. Afterwards I saw
some of the actions of Mohammed Ali and
realized that the reason he had Withdrawn
from Abbas Effencli was not on account of
the words of in the Kitab-el-
Akdas but that it had been occasioned by his
own feelings. And I saw too that these
actions were not consistent with the commands
and writings of the Blessed Perfection. From
this I saw and knew clearly that the cause of
his withdrawal had been hatred of Abbas
Effendi. The brother of the wife of Moham-
med Ali, Mirza Majded-din, was sent by
Mohammed Ali to Damascus with a letter for
the Governor of Damascus. In that letter
Mohammed Ali wrote a complaint against
Abbas Effendi. This messenger was also in-
structed to tell the Governor by word of
mouth certain things which would injure the
Cause further for Abbas Effendi. The letter
and messages were duly delivered to the Gov-
ernor-General of Damascus. In twenty--five
days the messenger returned. Just about that
time a telegram came from the Sultan to the
Governor-General of Beiruit who telegraphed it
to the Governor at Akka: "Abbas Effendi and
his brothers shall not be allowed to go out-
side the city." I was deeply grieved by these
happenings. After thinking over the matter
carefully I concluded that the best course
would be for Mohammed Ali and all the fam-
ily to come here to Abbas Effendi and reach
some understanding so that discord and dis-
union might no longer exist. I thought they
should come themselves and ask for the truth
of these rumors set afloat by Mohammed Ali
concerning Abbas Effendi. I myself came first
to Abbas Effendi and told him what I wanted
to accomplish. Then I went to Mohammed Ali
and said "Do come with me to Abbas Eifendi
so that all the terrible trouble may cease."
All the family were happy about this proposal
of mine, except Mohammed Ali himself. I
spoke a. great deal to him and tried to per-
suade him to follow my advice but without
success. I have written out in detail all the
conversations I had with Abbas Effendi upon
these matters. What I am giving you today is
but a brief synopsis of them. After hearing
my words Mohammed Ali spoke a great deal
to his family and those who followed him,
uttering falsehood and thus driving them fur-
ther and further away from the prospect of
unity. When I finally realized that reconcilia-
tion and harmony were impossible I was so
deeply grieved that I became very ill. \Nhen
I recovered I wished to leave Akka and deter-
mined to do so if I could secure permission.
I wrote to the Governor-General of Beiruit
asking that I "might be removed from this
prison to another prison as the conditions Were

