from Kitab-el--Akdas offered in behalf of the
attained one.
The readings included the Tablet written by
Abdul-Baha in memory of another brother:
Beloved! Faithful Brother! VVhe1'e
is thy beautiful face? Where is thy eloquent
speech? VVhere is thy serene brow? Vlihere
is thy radiant beauty? VVhere is thy flame
enkindled by the Fire of the Love of God?
'Where is thy attraction to the Perfumes of
God? 'Where is thy discourse in praise of
God? VVhere is thy determination to serve in
the Cause of God? VVhere are thy beautiful
eyes? Vlihere are thy smiling lips? "Where is
thy noble countenance? Where is thy grace-
ful form? Thou hast abandoned the human
World and ascended to the Kingdom. Thou
hast attained to the Divine Grace. Thou hast
reached the Threshold of the Lord of the
Celestial Kingdom. Thou hast abandoned the
-bodily lamp, the mortal garment, the 
elements and the life of this world. Thou hast
kindled thy flame in the Lamp of the Supreme
Concourse and thou hast entered the Paradise
of Thou hast taken shelter in the
shadow of the Tree of Life and attained the
Meeting with God in the Abode of Paradise.
Thou wert a divine bird which has forsaken
16 STAR OF THE WEST
its mortal nest. Thou hast flown to the Garden
of the Divine Kingdom and attained thy bril-
liant station. Thou hast already sung the
verses of the Mercy of the Lord the Clement.
Thou art a grateful servant, and thou hast
entered into the joy of thy Lord. Verily thy
Lord hath chosen thee for His Love;--hath
guided thee to the side of His Holiness, caused
thee to enter into the Garden of His Nearness
and permitted thee to behold His Beauty. Thou
hast laid hold of Eternal Life and attained to
Everlasting the Good--Pleasure
of God,--to His Delight--and His All-Suffi-
cient Favor. Thou hast become a star in the
Highest Horizon, a light among the Angels of
Heaven, and a living soul in the Exalted
VVorld, resting upon the Throne of Immor-
tality. I ask God to enable thee to attain to
His Nearness and His Union rejoice
thee by His Presence increase thy bright-
ness and thy beauty grant thee honor
and glory. \/Ve remember thee continually
and never forget thee. \/Ve pray for thee
night and day. see thee in the Supreme
Horizon of 
Beloved! Faithful Brother!"
Howard 
cc 0 0 7!
T116 1111211112 Mirza Abul Fazl
Recently Abdul-Baha said:
"Consider the times of the past: Regard for instance the days of His Holiness
Christ and days subsequent thereto. How many were the libelous things attributed
to Him! How many were the utterances in the Temples against Him! How
many titles were given unto Him, they gave the title Beelzebub--Satan! They did
not say ']esus;' they used the word 'Beelzebub.' 'Beelzebub was captured! Beel-
zebub was paraded through the streets! Beelzebub Was crucified!' they said. . . .
But remember that these did not affect the Cause of Christianity; nay, rather, It
advanced daily in power and potency, in splendor and eiiulgence. Therefore, my
purpose is to Warn you against accusations, certain criticisms, certain revilings in
articles in the newspapers. Do not worry; they are the very cause of confirming
the Cause, of uplifiting the Nlovement. . . . A great confusion Will take place in
the churches. . . Some ministers will arise saying the Bahais are misguided. That
is the day the Cause is going to spread.
"My purpose is this: That his honor Mirza Abul azl has written a treatise
answering the criticisms of a London preacher. It is published in Chicago; each
one of you should have a copy of that book, and read, memorize and ponder over
it. Then when anybody advances any accusations or criticisms, you will be Well
armed.'
Price each 15 cents
I Order oi MISS MARY LESCH, 5205 Jefferson Avenue,Chicago

