10 STAR OF
Abdul--Baha who calls himself simply "The
Servant of God." Forty years of his life
he has spent in prison, and for less than four
years has he known entire liberty. It is said
one-third of the people of Persia are his fol-
lowers. Somehow this teaching has the power
to bring together men of all classes, and they
meet upon one platform. The attempt is not
made to convert anyone from his own religion
to another; the Jew remains a Jew; the
Christian remains a Christian; and the Bud-
dhist remains a Buddhist; but the Jew be-
comes a better Jew; the Christian a better
Christian. It has no ritual, no creed. It lays
down love as the greatest thing in the world.
It says that religion is not many, but religion
is one. Now that sounds very familiar to us
because we have heard it over and over. This
Movement aims at the spiritual unification
of mankind, not to establish a new religion;
but to bring about a kind of Esperanto of
religion, that is to the Jew it sounds like
Judaism; to the Christian, Christianity; to
the Buddhist, Buddhism. The order claims
all bibles for its own; it proclaims the equality
of all men and all women; it teaches the Uni-
versal Fatherhood, a universal philosophy.
I take very great satisfaction in welcoming
here to the pulpit of the Divine Paternity, one
who has had a wide hearing the world over
for these Universal fundamental Truths.
ADDRES OF ABDUL--BAHA.
Religions are many but the Reality of Re-
ligion is one. The days are many but the sun
is one. The fountains are many but the foun-
tainhead is one. The rivers are many but the
ocean is one. The branches are many but the
tree is one. The foundation of the divine re-
ligions is Reality; were there no Reality, there
would be no religions. His Holiness Ab-raham
heralded the Reality. His Holiness Moses pro-
mulgated the Reality. His Holiness Christ
founded the Reality. His Holiness Mohammed
heralded the Reality. His Holiness the Bab
announced the Reality. His Holiness 
founded the Reality,--for Reality does
not accept multiplicity 11or divisibility. The
Reality is one. The Reality is as the sun which
shines forth from various dawning points. The
Reality is as the light which has illumined
various lanterns. Therefore if the religions
investigate this Reality and seek the founda-
tions of the Divine Religion, they will all agree
and no difference will remain. But inasmuch
as religions are submerged in dogmatic imita-
tions, forsaking the original foundation ;--and
THE WEST
inasmuch as imitations vary, therefore religions
have become different. These imitations may
Well be likened to the clouds which have ob-
scured the sunrise;--but the Reality is the sun.
If these clouds, these imitations disperse, the
Sun of Reality shall shine upon all and no dif-
ference Will then exist. All the religions will
then agree for the divine religions funda-
mentally are one. The subject is one, the
predicates are many. Wlien we consider the
human world, we discover that the divine re-
ligions are similar to the seasons of the year.
When the earth was as dead and because of
cold and frost no trace of springtime remained,
the springtime again dawned and revivified the
world. The meadows became fresh and green;
all the trees were adorned with garments of
verdure and varied fruits appeared. Then the
season of winter came again and left no trace
of springtime. But the springtime which came
again is verily the same as the former spring-
time, although the calendar has changed.
Springtime is one springtime. This spring is
the renewal of the former spring. It does not
signify that a new season has come. Everyone
of the Divine Prophets was like unto the
springtime, renewing or reforming the teach-
ings of the former Prophets. Just as ten
springtimes are essentially one as regards
freshness, vernal showers, beauty, and so on,
likewise if ten prophets come, the quintessence
of their work is one and the same. Now the
people have lost sight of the essence of the
springtime. They have held tenaciously to cer-
tain imitations and because of these imitations
there is strife, difference and altercation among
the various religions. We must now give up
these imitations and seek the foundation of the
divine religions. And inasmuch as the founda-
tion is one, all the religions will agree, until
among all nations and denominations there will
be love and unity.
At a time when the Orient was rent asunder
by religious difference and utmost strife,
appeared. He founded certain
teachings which proved to be the means of
uniting the various peoples. He promulgated
certain principles which were capable of re-
moving the causes of these dissensions and dis-
persions, until today in Persia, divergent people
who were constantly at war are united through
the efficacy of these teachings. For 
Christian, Mussulman, Zorastrian, JeW,--every
religion and denomination which has followed
the teachings of has attained the
utmost unity and accord with the other. The
former difference, dissension and strife have

