STAR OF THE WEST 11
I know not why I should have been asked
to preside at this meeting this afternoon, un-
less it was that the officers of the Peace So-
ciety sought to pay the delicate compliment
that I was the first or second cousin of the
honored guest of today because of my eastern
lineage, and so I presume my being in the min-
istry of Israel accounts for the privilege which
is mine of welcoming the distinguished guest
of the afternoon.
Some years ago, I was in conference with
the late President of Union Theological Semi-
nary, Dr. Hall, who asked if I would not give
one of a series of addresses on the "Religion of
the East," and I said to him apologetically,
hope you will forgive me if I speak of Chris-
tianity as an Eastern religion." turned
to me half in amusement, half in anger and
said, "Oh, Dr. Wise, you forget that all the
religions of the world are Eastern religions."
The religions of the world have been borrowed
by the West from the East, and a Religious
Teacher from the East comes to us today. It
is good to have Abdul-Baha with us in this
company and in America, in order that we may
be helped again, if not permanently, to revise
our unfortunate use of the terms "Asiatic,"
"Eastern," "foreign"; as if somehow, "Eastern"
and "Asiatic" were synonymous with a lower
order of being. Whenever I hear the term
"Asiatic" used, deprecating the teaching of cer-
tain people, my own included, I love to remem-
ber that all of the great prophetic religious
teachers of the world, Moses, Jesus, Buddha,
Confucius, Zoroaster, Mohammed, every great
religious founder in history was Asiatic.
We have a little religious congress here this
afternoon. We have the leader of his own
Faith; we have the teachers of Christianity;
we have a woman representative of the Ethical
Society. There are teachers in Israel today, and
so we may be said to have a miniature religious
congress. And best of all, friends, I hope we
are meeting not at all in the spirit of toler-
ance or toleration, but in the spirit of fellow-
ship. There was a time you remember, and
not so many years ago, when it was imagined
that the limit of religious growth and under-
standing and sympathy were reached when
men tolerated each other. I can never forget
the words "To tolerate is to insult." We do
not tolerate and we do not want to be toler-
ated any more. No people wants to be toler-
ated. Every people wants to be honored, and
wishes to stand in the attitude of sympathy,
forbearance and brotherhood toward every
other people.
Religion and war are incompatible terms.
Where religion is, war cannot be. We still
have war in the world because we have no
religion; because we have the name, the
shadow, the pretext rather than the reality and
substance of religion. When once Christianity
really is followed, I believe war will cease.
For centuries and centuries there have been
religious wars, wars fought in the name of
religion. I think we have seen the end,
or nearly the end of that. But even today,
I am sorry to say, the world over, religion is
willing to endure war. Furthermore I know
of no great war in thousands of years in which
the banners of the two parties have not been
blessed by some church or churches. The time
has come when the churches will cease to bless
war banners, when the churches will remem-
ber the great word of him who said "Swords
shall be beaten into plow shares remember
the word of the great Teacher who said
"Blessed are the peacemakers." When the
churches will refuse to bless war banners, re-
ligion will never curse, but will withhold our
hands from invoking the blessings of God
when we go forth to slay one another. For it
is written "Thou shalt not kill," and moreover
it is written, "Thou shalt love thy neighbor
as thyself."
Today we have the distinguished honor of
greeting Abdul-Baha, a notable and deeply in-
teresting teacher from the East, and mine is
to be the privilege of asking for a word of
greeting from a number of men and women
whom the Peace Society, through its Social
Committee, has asked to speak.
I think Abdul-Baha would admit that even
if such a gathering were held in his own land,
the first speaker would not be a woman, but
the first speaker today will be an honored
woman and a distinguished ethical teacher,
Mrs. Anna Garland Spencer.
ADDRESS BY MRS. SPENCER.
It is my pleasant privilege to offer in behalf
of our Society the second welcome to our
honored guest, and I am reminded in this
meeting that there are three elements of our
life that cause discord. One of them is race
prejudice,--the idea we have brought with us
from earliest primitive times that only those of
our own blood are and should be honored and
respected. This makes a lack of harmony in
the social life which in the last analysis be-
comes a war. And next there is a deep-seated
desire that one flock shall rule over another;
that one set of people shall exploit another for

