30 STAR OF
AT FOURTH UNITARIAN CHURCH,
BEVERLY Roan, FLATBU51-I, BROOKLYN (Rev.
LEON A. HARVEY, PASTOR), JUNE 16, 1912.
Stenographlc Notes by Miss Esther Foster.
PRAYER AND INTRODUCTION BY THE PASTOR.
thank Thee, God, for him whose
uil voice shall speak this morning. We
thank Thee that he has touched so
many hearts with a great and beautiful mes-
sage. May strength still be given him for
the years to come. May the world come more
and more to see the great vision which he
beholds. May we each do our little part to
help realize this vision in our hearts and in
the hearts of vision of the Love
of God and love for men,--this sense of our
common fatherhood and universal brother-
hood. Bless us, strengthen us in all high
things and guide us to the world everlasting.
Amen!
In 1844 there arose in Persia a man who
called himself the "Bab," the "Door." We
can think of him as a Iohn the Baptist. He
heralded a new Prophet. This Bab, like the
reformers of old was persecuted and became
a martyr to his Cause. But his 
was not in vain. About six years later he
gave up his life. In I852 there arose One
who proclaimed Himself the Liberator, the
Saviour of the world whom the Bab had an-
nounced and heralded. For this He, too, was
persecuted as the Bab had been. For forty
years He was a prisoner and exile. The little
city of Akka was the last place of His im-
prisonment. From childhood, the speaker of
today Abdul-Baha Abbas shared the persecu-
tion, exile and imprisonment of this Great One
In the year 1892 this great
man died after declaring that His mantle
should fall upon His eldest son who is here
with us this morning.
But although they were prisoners in this
little town, the gospel of universal brother-
hood for which they stood had gone forward
and outward; the glad-tidings that there is
a center, a core at the heart of all religions
which is love to God, love to man. This is
the gospel they saw and 
men understand that they are brothers ;--that
brotherhood does not end at the national
boundary ;--let us acknowledge and establish
this universal brotherhood." This was their
gospel vision.
Now in the year 1893 there was a very
wonderful meeting in this country of ours,-
THE WEST
the "Parliament of Religions" in Cl1iCagO,--
where there gathered for the first time repre-
sentatives of all the great faiths of the world.
They sat upon the same platform and found
they had the same gospel at the heart of all
the religions,--the very thing that these people
had been declaring off there in Persia and
Syria.
It is a certain fact that from I868 Abdul-
Baha, the Servant of God, was a prisoner in
Akka. People began to hear of this gospel;
further and further the news spread, and they
went there to receive his benediction and
words. At last in 1908, the ban was lifted
and he was free. During his Whole life prac-
tically he had been a prisoner; now he is free,
and he brings to you the result of that free-
dom, carrying this gospel around the world;
this gospel of universal brotherhood; and
though he brings it to you in a foreign tongue
you will find when it is translated that it
comes to us as the same great and beautiful
message which is at the center of all our
hearts in our highest and best moments.
ADDRESS OF ABDUL-BAI-IA.
This is a Unitarian Church, and this Day
in the Arabic tongue may well be called
"Yauml'ittihad" the "Unitarian Day." There-
fore I consider it appropriate to speak to you
upon the subject of "Unity."
What is Real Unity? I/Vhen we observe the
human world, we find various expressions of
unity. First the unity of kind or species by
which man is distinguished above the animal.
Then there is racial unity, the separation of
humanity into distinct racial groups. In this
greater more comprehensive and important
unity we include all the posterity of Adam.
In reality it is one great household,-one
family. Again there is the unity of nativity,
the grouping of certain people in one father-
land, one common boundary line. There is
also the unity of nationalism, a group of
people united by one bond of government,
agreed and in as the French
nation, the German nation and so on. There
is the unity of tongue, which means that a
number of human beings use the same lan-
guage as a means of communication 
unity of politics which conserves the rights
of certain peoples who follow a particular
form of civil government. All these unities
are without real foundation real result
proceeds from them. They are purely imagin-
ary because no real result is forthcoming. For
the purpose of true Unity is that real result

