12 STAR OF
the benefit of those who are at the top of life's
opportunity. This is what gives us the power
to hold back all privilege from the many, and
then because the many are not cultured and
refined and advanced as those who have
claimed and hold a monopoly of privilege,
therefore it is deemed a right to still hold them.
This makes a War of classes.
Another thing that leads to discord and
often to war is mis-
taken idea that any one set of people are the
children of the divine and all the rest are step-
children. There are no step-children.
Our honored friend has come to us with a
familiar message, the message of our own
Emerson so long ago declared, "There are
as many roads to the infinite as there are trav-
elers upward."
I remember it was a Persian poet who said:
"The Lord of Light is not to be worshipped
with flowers that have faded, and those that
grow in thine own garden are dead." We-
would gladly pluck each from our own garden
the choicest blooms of our aspiration and faith,
and lay them in the hands of our Prophet
Friend.
DR. WISE.
Mrs. Spencer has put it Well indeed. We
are beginning to understand no one people is
God chosen, but every people in the world may
be God choosing.
It was very good indeed that the first plat-
form in America that Welcomed the guest of
the hour should have been the platform or
pulpit of one of the churches of New York that
stands for much that is finest in the life of our
great city,--the pulpit of a church which be-
cause of its leader stands for the finest and
most catholic and noblest thing in the life of
the land. I am glad Dr. Percy Stickney Grant
is with us today.
ADDRESS BY DR. PERCY STICKNEY GRANT.
I feel that the distinguished guest of this
afternoon must look upon this meeting as a
foreign sight, a meeting where women take an
important part in trying to bring about politi-
cal peace. It is a distinction of the Western
so large a place to women, and historically it
religions that they have insisted upon giving
was the fortune of Christianity to succeed over
some of its competitors because it did, even in
the early days, give so large a place to women.
And this success of Christianity was not on
account of the women in the Christian church
alone and their demands; it was on account of
the men in the Christian church in the West
THE WEST
who did not want a religion which did not in-
clude their wives, daughters and sweethearts,
so that the religion of the West comes very
naturally into such logical sequences as the
importance of women in our Western lite, a
growing importance in all things that are con-
structive to the wellbeing of our Western life.
I fear therefore that we are displaying to our
distinguished visitor from the East one of the
peculiar products of our Western civilization.
There are misunderstandings that easily arise
under circumstances such as now exist, the
coming of a Prophet with a Great Message
from one part of the world to another. And
one cause of misunderstanding is to be found
in the hard and fast names that we choose to
give each from which it
is hard to escape,--crude and half voicing the
heart into words that bind with fatal construc-
tions the minds and sympathies of those who
hold them. A friend of mine doing work on
the East Side had charge of a dance-hall for
working boys and girls. became there ac-
quainted with boys and girls on the side of their
personality before he became acquainted with
them on the side of their occupation and social
status. One day he met a man who was intro-
duced to him as a person who had made a per-
sonal sacrifice, selling his overcoat to give the
money to an old woman. He was also intro-
duced to another who had done something
beautiful and heroic, so that he was conversing
with two splendid souls. Afterward he found
one ran an elevator, and one was a porter.
Now, he said, if I had become acquainted with
them, first, as an elevator boy, or as a porter,
I should not have understood them; I should
not have appreciated them; I should not have
looked upon them with great admiration. The
tag would hide the spirit.
Our guest from the East comes to us with
a message that is a familiar message to our
ears; the message of "Peace on earth and good-
will to men." Is there a community or a re-
ligion that should more easily comprehend or
welcome such a message than our own? And
if we fail to understand it, are we not being
bound by some tag that really does not mean
What the word may signify? That is to say,
we must get down below our discussion of
Christian, Hebrew, Ethical Culture, whatever
the discussion may be, to the spirit of life and
of brotherhood. There we find we are all
akin, there we find the fellowship of the great
spirit of Abdul-Baha.
A religious newspaper was a little slighting
to this guest of ours, saying he came to

