ration is advised, perchance the old union
might be established. However, if in the
meantime they meet each other and no recon-
ciliation is realized, then they start the year
again.
Many people who called were mourning for
the death of their husbands, daughters or
mothers, and when at eleven o'clock Abdul-
Baha entered the crowded drawing room he
spoke on the narrowness of this world, its
trials, its vicissitudes, its ordeals and how a
soul is really freed when it breaks this phys-
ical cage and ascends to the world of the
Kingdom, when it wings its way fro1n this
dark world into the realm of radiance. There-
fore, we must not feel unhappy over the fate
of those who have departed from this life.
Mrs. Dower, formerly Miss Stevens,
authoress of "The Mountain of God," was
among the callers. She came from South-
ampton to meet Abdul-Baha. Three years
ago she stayed three or four months in Acca
and Haifa and gathered material for her
book. The Master called her in and talked a
great deal with her. His room gradually be-
came crowded by eager listeners. He spoke
about the "Promised One" and how all the
nations and religions have circumscribed limits
for His coming, and how when He came many
rejected Him. She is writing a book, a novel,
about the Second Coming of Christ.
This afternoon, Mr. Lorge, a prominent
English educator, called. The discussion was
upon America, and Abdul-Baha gave the ut-
most praise to that country for its freedom,
its civilization, its spiritual susceptibilities, its
readiness of advancing toward the Kingdom
of' God, its quenchless thirst for knowledge,
its progressive ideals, its future extraordinary
illumination. I have never heard Abdul-Baha
so enthusiastic about the wonderful possibili-
ties of America. "Europe," he said, "is
steeped in a sea of materialism. People are
either agnostics or full of religious supersti-
tions. In America it is different, people are
more spiritual, they seek the knowledge of
God, they hail the truth no matter from what
quarter it comes. If they learn that there is
a house in China architecture of which is a
marvel, they like to know all about it. They
analyze everything, they dissect everything. In
brief, they are a nation of independent in-
vestigators." Then the question of spiritual
communication was asked. He answered:
"Yes, it is possible. Often people speak to-
gether without the means of tongue. There
are two means of intercourse: one the out-
6 STAR OF WEST
ward tongue, the other the ideal tongue. When
the spirit is in an abstract mood, when the
heart is i11 a subjective state, then the ideal
tongue can speak, but as long as the spirit is
preoccupied and the heart is objective in its
activity it is impossible to attain to that sta-
tion. Consider: ls there 11ot an ideal union
between the loved one and the beloved?
Often with a glance of the or a hand-
shake a whole world of thought is conveyed
without uttering a word. It is possible to at-
tain to such a state if we are set aglow with
the Fire of the Love of God, if we are at-
tracted, if we are as a burning torch, if we
overlook material phenomena and objects." In
brief, Abdul-Baha spoke a great deal along
these lines, uttering many significant state-
ments.
Then the Persian Ambassador came. Abdul-
Baha received him very graciously and kindly.
He praised the republican form of government
in America, its federal system, its liberal insti-
tutions, its educational system, and its vast
resources. He paid a great tribute to Wash-
ington, D. C., and told about the parks, the
avenues shaded by trees and the homes built
amid beautiful surroundings. In Chicago and
New York there are many large parks. Then
he spoke about the situation 'in Persia, in
Turkey, about the condition of the Persian
students in Europe, etc.
In the evening we drove to Westminster
Palace Hotel, where a great meeting* was
held. Many writers, thinkers, literary men and
distinguished personages were in the audi-
ence. The audience was set aglow. All the
faces were shining, and all the people were
responsive. Indeed to have such a well at-
tended meeting in London at this time of the-
year is nothing short of a miracle.
December 21, 1912.
In these days the Sun of Reality is shining
upon these regions; many souls are being
quickened and are alive to the importance of
the Cause. Last night Abdul-Baha remarked
that many people may think that a Persian
has come, giving lectures and that future every word uttered in
the far cities of America will be collected and
preserved. This is through the Bounty and
Favors of the Blessed Perfection.
As a result of last night's meeting many
*See No. I7 issue STAR OF THE WEST for
address of Abdul-Baha delivered at this
meeting-The Editors.

