WISDOM-TALKS OF ABDUL-BAHA 7
because of his color, or the red-skinned man,
shall he be the image and likeness of God?
Or shall we declare the yellow race to be a
creation and therefore an image and likeness
of God? Can we say simply that so and so
is yellow in color, therefore he must be an
image and likeness of God? Hence we come
to the conclusion that colors are of no im-
portance. Colors are accidental in nature.
That which is essential is the humanitarian
aspect. And that is the manifestation of
Divine virtues and that is the Merciful Be-
stowals. That is the Eternal Life. That is
the baptism through the Holy Spirit. There-
fore let it be known that color is oi no im-
portance. Man, who is the image and likeness
of God, who is the manifestation of the Be-
stowals of God, is acceptable at the Threshold
of God whatever be his color. Let him
be blue in color, or white, or green, or
brown, that matters not! Man is not to be
pronounced man simply because of bodily at-
tributes" Man is to be judged according to
his intelligence and to his spirit. Because he
is to be judged according to spirit and intelli-
gence, therefore let that be the only criterion.
That is the image of God. If man's temper-
ament be white, if his heart be white, let his
outer skin be black; if his heart be black and
his temperament be black, let him be blond, it
is of no importance. Therefore, of all impor-
tance is the character of the heart. The heart
which is brighter, in the estimation of God,
is dearer. Inasmuch as God has endowed man
with this Bestowal, such a favor, that he is
called the Image of God, this is truly a great
station. And this great station is not to be
sacrificed for color's sake.
Anmnass or ABDUL--BAI-IA, PLAZA HOTEL, CHI-
CAGD, MAY 2, 
this Cause the question of consultation
lis of the greatest importance. But the
spiritual consultation, not physical consul-
tation. In France I visited the Senate, the
Parliament. I did not like their system at all,
for consultation must have for its aim the
arrival at truth and not opinionated oppo-
sition. When ther_e shall be opposition or in-
imical opinion, it is very bad. I found that
they altercated, by worthless or useless alter-
cations, each one presenting a certain angle or
a certain word, someone would oppose him,
and then there was a turmoil, and it hap-
*'l'rans1ated by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed and taken
stenographically by Joseph H. Hannen.
pened that while I was there two of them got
up and had a fight. I-said, this is not parlia-
mentary consultation. This is a fiasco! What
is the use of going to theatres and spending
your money? Come to the National Assembly
and see what is going on! -It is more enter-
taining than the theatre. Call it a play and
not the Parliament. The purpose is this, that
consultation must have for its aim or object
the investigation of truth. He who expresses
an opinion must not voice his opinion as
if that opinion is correct or right, but he
must give it as a contribution to the con-
sensus of opinion, for the light of reality be-
comes apparent when there is a coincidence
of two opinions. Because when you have
the flint and the steel, you will have a spark
produced when the two come together. The
negative force and the positive force coming
together produce, as it were, electricity. It is
the friction of the two which is productive of
light. That should be the object. With the
greatest or the utmost serenity, sobriety,
soberness of temperament, with the utmost
state of tranquillity, perfect composure and
absolute calm and composure should man
weigh his opinions. But before expressing
his own opinion he must weigh the opinion
previously expressed. When he sees that the
opinion previously expressed is better, he must
immediately accept it. He must not be wilful
in having an opinion of his own. This we
call the endeavor at arrival at unity or truth.
That is very good. But should it be an oppo-
sition and cause dispersion, it is very bad. It
is better then to have one opinion, because the
individual opinion of a wise man, a sagacious
man, is better, but if it is simply opposition or
altercation in which varied and divergent
opinions will be presented, then there is need
of a judicial body to discuss the opinion ex-
pressed. Even the majority of opinion, be-
cause though the consensus of opinion, that
is to say, the quorum, may decide upon a
thing, that may be incorrect. A thousand
people may give an opinion and may be mis-
taken, and one sagacious person may give an
opinion and be right. That is possible, too.
Hence consultationmust be that of love. It
must be spiritual, in the utmost of love must
it be. The members must be in the greatest
spirit of fellowship toward one another, so
that good results may be forthcoming. That
is the foundation. In the realm of consulta-
tion the greatest was the council held by the
disciples of Iesus Christ after His ascension
or departure. That was consultation. They

