STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES .4 
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post oflice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3. 1879.
ALBERT R. BUIKEMA
Associate Editor-DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI, Chicago
TERMS $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to NEWS SERVICE, P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, Ill" U, 5. A.
To personal checks please add sufficient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
0 thou Star of the West! HE 1s sop!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firimnvsel
Anus.
Vol. Chicago (November 4, 1912) Kudrat No. 13
PALO 
Friday, November 1, 1912, The Palo Alton,
edited by H. W. Simkins, devoted its entire
sheet to a presentation of the visit of Abdul-
Baha to California. On the first page, under
a six-column heading, appears an excellent
half-tone portrait of Abdul-Baha. An intro-
ductory article telling of the visit to Leland
Stanford Junior University--which we repro-
duce in this issue of the STAR or 
is followed by a sketch of the life of Abdul-
Baha, under the heading, "Bahaism and Its
Prophet." Page two contains an editorial,
"The New Evangel," and the Address deliv-
ered by Abdul-Baha at the University--pub-
lished in our last issue. Page three contains
the "Message to the Jews." Page four, Ad-
dress delivered in the Unitarian Church, Palo
Alto; also a reproduction of the original Tab-
let and translation of same to Mr. H. W.
Srnikins. We quote it as follows:
TABLETTO THE EDITOR OF PALO 
To his honor Mr. H. W. Simkins--Upon him
be 
At the time I met you and felt the suscepti-
bilities of your conscience my heart and soul
became greatly attached to that dear friend
e. yourself) and the utmost love was pro-
duccd, and the spiritual emotions were ob-
tained. Your visit gave me the utmost happi-
ness. The address delivered in Stanford Uni-
versity and published completely in your paper
was observed today--and on account of it I
became both pleased a11d grateful. In order to
express my pleasure and appreciation for this
service of yours I am writing you this epistle.
I shall never forget your cordiality, and as long
as life lasts I shall remember you. I beg of
God, that that dear friend (yourself) may be-
come like unto a shining star in the horizon of
Reality, and become the cause of bestowing
spiritual life upon the world of humanity.
The address delivered at the Iewish temple
establishing the validity of His Holiness Jesus
Christ and inviting the Jews to believe in Him
is enclosed herein. From its powerful con-
tents you will realize that though there were
many conservative Iews in the audience, yet in
the most dauntless manner the validity of
Christ was proven. After reading its con-
tents should you think it best you may print it
fully without abbreviation in the columns of
your paper that others of the Jews may read it.
Perchance this may prove an impetus for their
respect for, and belief in Christ, that this strife
and contention that has lasted between the two
nations for two thousand years may disappear,
and the oneness of the world of humanity be
unveiled.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
On behalf of the Bahais in America, the
STAR or THE WEST not only congratulates the
editor of The Palo Alton in that he became
the recipient of such words of commendation
from Abdul-Baha, but that hie was assisted
to render such excellent service through the
medium of his service that shall
be effective in these great days and remem-
bered throughout the corning years. We take
pleasure in reproducing his editorial here-
With:

