STAR OF THE WEST 11
mineral kingdom he was attaining the capacity
for promotion into the vegetable kingdom. In
the vegetable kingdom he has received prepa-
ration and capacity for the animal kingdom.
He has come from the vegetable kingdom to
the animal and then on to the human kingdom.
In the beginning of his life man was in the
matrix world. In the world of the matrix he
obtained capacity and preparation for this
world. The forces and powers necessary for
this world he attained there. In this world
he needed eyes; he received them potentially,
in the other. He needed ears; therefore he
obtained them in the world of the matrix. All
the powers he needed in this world he attained
potentially in the world of the matrix. In
the world of the matrix therefore he was pre-
pared for this world; so that when he came
to this world he found that all the necessary
forces were ready--all his needs for material
sustenance were provided.
Therefore in this world also he must pre-
pare himself and get ready for the life here-
after. That of which he is in need in the
world of the kingdom he must obtain here.
Just as he prepared himself by acquiring the
forces necessary in this world in the world of
the matrix, so likewise it is necessary that all
needful in the Kingdom, all the forces of
the Kingdom--must be acquired in this world.
What is he i11 need of in the Kingdom after
he is transferred from this world to the other
world? That world is a world of sanctity,
therefore it is necessary that he acquire sanc-
tity in this world. In that world there is need
of radiance, therefore radiance must be ac-
quired in this world. In that world there is
need of spirituality. In this world he must
acquire spirituality. In that world faith and
assurance, the knowledge of God, the love of
God, are' needed. These he must acquire in
this world so that after he -ascends from this
mortal to that immortal world he shall find
all that is needful in that life eternal is ready
for him.
It is self-evident that that world is a world
of Lights; therefore there is need for illumi-
nation. That world is a world of Love';
hence Love of God is needed. That world is
a world of perfections; virtues or perfections
must be acquired. That world is a world of
the Breaths of the I-Ioly Spirit and in this
world must they be acquired. That world is
a world of the Life Eternal. In this world
must he acquire it. But how can he? By what
means can he acquire these things? How is
he to obtain these merciful powers?
First,--througl1 the Knowledge of God.
Second,--through the Love of God. Third,-
through faith. Fourth,--through philanthropic
deeds. Fifth,--through self-sacrifice. Sixth,--
through severance from this world. Seventh,
sanctity and holiness. Unless he
obtain these forces, unless he attain to these
requirements, surely he will be deprived of
the Life Eternal. But if he attain the Knowl-
edge of God, becomes ignited through the fire
of the Love of God, witnesses the great and
mighty signs, becomes the cause of love among
mankind and lives in the utmost state of
sanctity and holiness, surely he shall attain
to second birth, will be baptized through the
Holy Spirit and witness the Life Eternal.
It is astonishing! It is a most amazing
thing !--that God has created all humanity for
the knowledge of Himself, for the love of
I-Iimself, for the virtues of the human world,
for the Life Eternal perfect spirituality,
for heavenly illumination has created man;
man is utterly negligent of all
this! is seeking the knowledge of every-
thing except the Knowledge of God. 
seeks, for example, to know the lowest stratum
of the earth. His utmost desire is this. Day
and night he strives to know what he can find
ten metres below the surface; what he can
discover within the stone; what he can learn
archaeologically through the dust! He puts
forth arduous labors to penetrate a mystery
of terrestrial mysteries; but he is not at all
thoughtful of knowing the mysteries of the
Kingdom, traversing the fields of the King-
dom, becoming aware of the verities of the
Kingdom, discovering the Secrets of God,
arriving at the Knowledge of God, Witnessing
the Lights of Reality and becoming informed
of the verities of the Kingdom. is not -at
all thoughtful of these. I-Iow much he is at-
tracted to the mysteries of matter, and how
utterly unaware he is of the mysteries of
Divinity! Nay, he is even utterly careless
of the mysteries of Divinity. I-Iow stupid this
is! how ignorant this is! how conducive to
degradation this is! It is like a
son should have a very kind Father who has
provided for him great Books, in order that
he may become' aware of the mysteries of
creation, and supplied also many means of
adornment, comfort and enjoyment. But the
son, because of immaturity and lack of intelli-
gence, loses sight of all these and lays them
aside, attaching himself to pebbles, passing
his time day and night with playthings, neg-
lectful of all the gifts which his Father has

