STAR OF THE WEST 31
ABDUL-BAHA AT CLEVELAND, OHIO.
(Continued from page twenty-nine)
In the material world, the great progress
which has been mentioned has taken place.
Remarkable signs have made themselves mani-
fest. Realities and mysteries have been un-
furled. Now is the time for man to strive
and to put forth effort along the spiritual
li11e. The material civilizatio-n has reached
an advanced plane, b-ut now there is need for
a spiritual civilization. Material civilization
alone will not satisfy. Its benefits are lim-
ited to the world of matter. There is no hin-
drance for the spirit of man, for spirit itself
must progress, and if the divine civilization
shall be organized, then the spirit will ad-
vance. Every susceptibility' will make the
best of man. Discoveries of the real will
become effective; the influence of the Great
Guidance will be experienced, and that is con-
ducive to the divine form of civilization. That
is what is meant in the Bible by the descent
of the New Jerusalem. The heavenly Jeru-
salem is no other than the divine civilization,
and it is now ready. It can be, and shall be
organized, and the oneness of humankind will
be a fact. Humanity will then be bound to-
gether as one. The various religions shall be
united, and the various races shall be known
as one kind. The Orient and the Occident
will be united and the banner of international
peace shall be unfurled. The world shall find
peace, and the equalities and rights of men
shall be established. The capacity of human-
kind Will be tested, and they will reach that
degree when equality shall become a reality.
All the peoples of the world will have like
interests, and the poor of the world shall also
have a portion in the comforts of life. Just
as the rich are surrounded by their luxuries
in palaces, let the poor have at least their
comfortable abodes; just as the rich can en-
joy a variety of diets, let the poor at least
have their necessities so that they may not be
in need--in short, a readjustment of the eco-
nomic order will take place; the divine son-
ship will attract; the sun of reality will shine
forth, and all the phenomena of being will at-
tain a portion.
Now consider! What is this material civi-
lization of the day giving forth? Has it not
yielded the instruments of destruction? In
olden days the instrument of battle was the
sword; today it is a smokeless gun. In former
days it wa.s the sailboat, and it was most dif-
ficult to wage war on the sea; whereas today
you have dreadnaughts, and the building of in-
struments of destruction have become multi-
plied--hence the difference since greater pro-
pellment has increased. But, if the divine civ-
ilization shall be organized to go hand in hand
with the spiritual civilization, if the moral man
shall be considered and the spiritual superior-
ity of humankind shall be granted, then the
happiness of the human race shall be assured.
All the nations of the world shall then be
relatives and companions. All religions will
become one religion, for the reality of divine
religion is One. His holiness, Abraham, pro-
claimed reality. Iesus was the great promul-
gator. All the prophets likewise, who have
ever appeared, have been the founders of
realities, and these have been found as one.
It is unquestionable, therefore, that all the
peoples of the world can attain the real;
they have a basis for agreement, and the War-
fare which has raged for 6,000 years will pass
away.
For 6,000 years humanity has been at War.
Once the pretext for war was religion; then
patriotism was used; again racial prejudice
was the cause; politics is used as one pretext
for war; commercial greed another--in short,
for 6,000 years humanity has been restless.
At all times there has been war for either re-
ligion, politics or race, in all of which human
bl-ood has been shed. How many fathers have
lo-st their sons! How many sons been father-
less! How many mothers have mourned the
loss of their dear ones! In short, hu-
man beings have been the target for blood-
shed on the battlefield. It has been nothing
but warfare and strife. Ferocity has been in
evidence even more than in animals. Ferocity
in animals is a necessity. For example, the
lion, tiger, bear and wolf exercise ferocity be-
cause of their needs. If the animal does not
exercise ferocity, it will die of starvation, for
the teeth of the lion are carniverous--it can-
not graze; unless it shall have flesh, it cannot
live. Likewise other wild animals. Fe-
rocity therefore, has been used as the means
for their subsistence, but human ferocity is
based on greed, oppression. When man is not
in need at all he kills a thousand men to be-
come a hero, and to glory therefor among
humanity. He is thereby made a general, able
to kill hundreds in a day. In one day a tre-
mendous city has been destroyed. How
ignorant is humanity! If one man kill an-

