WISDOM-TALKS 
limited power in life has not capacity to cope
with the unlimited power or power infinite.
Galen, the Greek physician, has a certain
treatise devoted to the discussion of the fac-
tors in the civilization of nations. Galen was
not a Christian, but he has borne testimony say-
ing that religious beliefs exercise an extraor-
dinary effect on the problem of civilization.
In Substance he states: There are certain
ones among us, people contemporaneous with
us, who follow the Nazarene known as Jesus,
the man who was killed in Jerusalem. This
people are truly imbued with morals which are
the envy of the philosophers. This people be-
lieve in God and fear God. They have hopes
in his favors, therefore they shun all uncom-
mendable actions and deeds. They are in-
clined to all praiseworthy morals and ethics.
They strive day and night that their deeds
may be of the praiseworthy type, that they
might contribute to the welfare of humanity,
therefore each one of them virtually is a phil-
osopher, for that which is the purport and pur-
pose of philosophy, these people have attained
unto. Such people have praiseworthy morals,
though they may be illiterate, not being capable
of reading or writing.
The purpose is this, that the holy manifesta-
tions of God, the prophets, are the first teach-
ers of the human race. They are universal
educators, and their institutes, the foundations
which they have laid down, are the causes or
factors of the advancement of nations. Imita-
tions which creep in afterwards are not con-
ducive to that progress. Nay, rather, the
imitations which later crept in, were the
very destroyers of the human foundations.
They are as clouds which cloud the Sun of
Reality. Consider the essential teachings of
His Holiness, Jesus Christ, you will see they
are lights. Nobody can question them. They
are the very source of life. They are the cause
of happiness for the human race, but subse-
quently imitations appeared, which imitations
becloud the Sun of Reality. That has nothing
to do with the reality of Christ. For example,
His Holiness, Jesus Christ, stated, "you must
put the sword in its sheath." That means war-
fare is forbidden, it is abrogated, but see what
the Christians did later, think of the wars
which took place afterward! This great
persecution spared not even the learned;
he who discovered the revolution of the earth
was imprisoned for its sake; he who discov-
ered the new astronomical system was like-
wise incarcerated. In short, those who were
scholastic in type were subjected to the mo-
ABDUL-BAHA 15
lestation of these people. How many were
killed! What comparison or relation is there
between the teaching of Jesus Christ and those
actions, for Christ declared, "he who per-
secutes you, you must love him and praise
him; he who deals with you, you must
deal kindly with." "You must emulate the ex-
ample of the Heavenly Father, whose sun
shines upon the just and upon the unjust."
What relation is there between these two?
Therefore there is need of turning back to
the original foundation. The fundamentals of
the prophets are correct. The imitations which
subsequently have crept in have nothing to do
with the original institutes. His Holiness
has reiterated or re--established
the quintessence of all the teachings of all the
prophets. He has thrown out all the acces-
sories; the quintessence thereof He has re-
newed. His Holiness has written
a certain treatise which is known as the Hid-
den Words. The preface thereto is, that this
is in brevity the quintessence of the teachings
of 'the prophets, which God has revealed to
the prophets, and herein is recordedin brevity
their purposes and other questions concerning
spiritual and ethical life. You may all read
it and find out what it contains. See what
the foundations of the prophets are, observe
and consider the teachings of the prophets, see
the inspiration of the prophets of God. You
will see that it is light on light. We must
not look at the actions of the nations; we must
investigate the truth and summon all to this
truth or reality in order that all may be
united.
TI-IEOSOPHICAL NORTHWESTERN UNI-
HALL, CHICAGO, SATURDAY NIGHT,

MAY 4, I912.-
HAVE great joy this evening in being
I present at this meeting. Praise be to God!
I see before me faces of souls who have
capacity, all of Whom have for their greatest
desire the investigation of truth, which is con-
ducive to the greatest joy.
According to the philosophy of God, in the
material or phenomenal world there are two
great issues or affairs: One is that which con-
cerns life, the other concerns death. One is
relative to existence, the other to non-exist-
ence; one is composition, the other decompo-
sition. People imagine that existence is the
expression of reality or being, and that non-
existence is the expression of annihilation--
*Trans1ated by Dr. Ameen U. Fare-ed and taken
stenographically by Mrs. Marzieh Moss.

