4 STAR OF THE 
was banished from Persia great
tumult arose. The proclamation of His Mani-
festation was made in Baghdad, His Mission
was declared. there. He called His friends
together and spoke to them of God. After-
ward He departed from them alone. Nobody
knew just where He was. Even we were not
informed. Two years passed. He lived in
the mountains in caves and grottoes and some
time in the City of Sulimaniyye.
Although solitary, secluded and unknown,
it became reported throughout Kurdistan that
this was a most remarkable person and ex-
ceedingly well learned; that He was possessed
of a great power of attraction and all Kurdis-
tan was magnetized by His love. 
lived in poverty; even His robes and clothes
were those of the poor. His food was that
of the indigent. A11 atmosphere of reverence
haloed Him as the sun at mid-day. Every-
where He was greatly revered.
He left Kurdistan and returned to Baghdad.
The guards came from Sulimaniyye to visit
Him. They found Him in His accustomed
affluence and ease and were astonished at the
appointments of one who had lived in seclusion
and subsisted as He had done in Kurdistan.
The Government of Persia thought the ban-
ishment of the Blessed Perfec-
tion, from Persia would be the extermination
of the Cause in that country. Now they
realized that it spread more rapidly. His
fame became more widely circulated, His
teachings more pronounced. Then the chiefs
of Persia endeavored to expel 
from Baghdad. He was summoned to Con-
stantinople. While i'n Constantinople He was
regardless of any restriction. He paid no
attention to the ministers or clergy. Then
the ministers of Persia made efforts and suc-
ceeded in having Him banished from Con-
stantinople to Adrianople, so that 
should be kept far distant from Persia and
His communication made more difficult.
Nevertheless the Cause still spread.
They said, "We are endeavoring to banish
from place to place, but each
time the Cause is more extended, His procla-
mation is more widely circulated and day by
day His 'la1np is becoming brighter. Its
potency is becoming greater and this is due
to the popular cities to which He has been
sent. Therefore it is better to send Him to
a penal colony as a suspect, so that all people
may know that He is a prisoner; that He is
in the prison of the murderers, robbers and
criminals; then in a short time He and His
followers will perish." Therefore the Sultan
of Turkey banished Him to the prison of
Akka in Syria.
When arrived at the prison of
Akka, through the power of God He was
able to hoist His banner. It was first a star.
It became a mighty sun. The fame of the
Cause of the Blessed Perfection expanded as
far as the East from the West.
From inside prison walls He wrote epistles
to all the kings. He summoned them to arbi-
tration and the "Most Great Peace." Some of
the kings expressed disdain. One was the
Ottoman king. The Emperor Napoleon
Bonaparte did not reply. Then a second
epistle was addressed to him. It stated: 
have written you an epistle before summoning
you to the Cause but you heeded it not. You
proclaimed once that you were the de-
fender of the oppressed and it hath become
evident that you are not. Nor are you kind
to your own distressed and oppressed people.
You act contrary to your own interests and
this pride of yours, which is supported by your
commands must fall. Because of your arro-
gance God shortly will destroy your sov-
ereignty. France will flee away from you
and a great conquest will take place. The
river Rhine will be a place of lamentations
and mourning. The women will bemoan the
loss of their sons." Such was his arraign-
ment, published and spread.
Read it and consider: One prisoner, single
and solitary, without assistant or defender;
a foreigner, a stranger, a prisoner in the fort-
ress of Akka writing such letters to kings-
writing such a letter to the Emperor of
France and the Sultan of Turkey while He
was a prisoner at Akka! hoisted
His banner in prison. Refer to history. It
has no parallel. No such a thing has ever
transpired before that time nor since; an exile
in prison advancing His Cause and spreading
broadcast His Teachings so that eventually
He was powerful enough to conquer the Very
king who banished Him.
His Cause spread more and more. In short,
the Blessed Perfection was for twenty-five
years in prison. During all this time He
was subjected to the indignities and revile-
ment of the people. He was subjected to the
persecutions of the people of Persia. They
pillaged His properties in Persia. They put
Him in chains in Akka. First, banishment
from Persia to Baghdad; then banishment
from Baghdad to Constantinople; then, ban-
ishment from Constantinople to Rournelia;

