STAR OF THE WEST 9
humble and lowly; their hearts are tender.
The rich are not so.
"Sorrow not, grieve not. Be not unhappy
because you are not wealthy. You are the
brothers of Jesus Christ. Christ was poor;
was poor. For forty years he
was imprisoned in poverty. The great ones
of the world have come from a lowly station.
Be ever happy; be not sad! Trust in God
and if in this world you undergo dire vicissi-
tudes I hope that in the Kingdom of God you
will have the utmost happiness!"
At the close of his talk, Abdul-Baha made
a practical demonstration of his tactful love
for the poor. In generous conformity with
teachings that "our words
should not exceed our deeds," he left twenty
golden sovereigns and many handfuls of silver
with Colonel Spencer of the Army, so that the
poor might enjoy a similar dinner New Year's
night. Colonel Spencer told the men that
they were to have this New Year's dinner in
Abdul-Baha's honor. The Master was just
leaving the hall when this announcement was
made. With one accord the men jumped up
and Waving their knives and forks gave a
rousing farewell cheer.
Before leaving Abdul-Baha was shown all
over the shelter and at the outer door he said
to the attendant officer in charge, "May God
prosper you. May you all be under the pro-
tection of the Almighty!"
 
ABDUL-BAHA AT THE CEDAR CLUB, LONDON
january 2, 1913
BY L. HERON-OLIPHANT.
HROUGH an insistent rain and bluster-
I ing wind, the motor bore us across the
Albert Bridge to the borough of Batter-
sea. We turned from one of the important
highways into a dark, narrow, drizzling street,
to stop before an inviting open door. The
Cedar Club House is- maintained by the
Women's Service League, a noble institution
of devoted workers, who provide sustaining
food to toiling mothers and see to it that their
children receive the best nourishment during
the first year of their lives. A similar stratum
of this poverty is unknown to American com-
munities. In London and other great cities
of the Old World a pall of hopelessness seems
almost to overshadow human effort that offers
alleviation, for there are generations of pau-
perism with its deep-rooted evils. The fine
courage of these benefactors and their zeal in
preserving life despite the ever-hovering dis-
couragement, mark their influence as a spirit-
ual reality.
Here it was that Abdul-Baha chose to spend
the remaining hours of an afternoon. We en-
tered a large assembly room, radiant and
warm with the spirit of Christmas cheer.
Masses of green and red decoration repeated,
as it were, the season's welcome. At two
great tables, spread the length of the long
walls, were seated nearly sixty women with
over a hundred little folk. There were evi-
dences of a substantial high tea, the major
part of the feasting being over.
A platform, near the door through which
we passed, held the usual paraphernalia for
speakers. Abdul-Baha was expected to deliver
an address from this formal elevation, but as
the real friend of the poor, he walked straight
among them, into the body of the room. This,
at once established the charm of comradeship.
With light characteristic step, he walked up
and down the center aisle, his eyes and smile
beamed happiness. As he mingled with them,
his words were translated: am very glad
to be among you, who are blessed in God's
name with children. They are the true signs
of his spiritual love. The most divine gifts
of God. These little ones Will grow to be
fruitful trees. We must look to them for the
founders of many beautiful families. Let their
education be directed in the ways of purity
and useful service. Here are the seeds of the
future race and upon them may be granted
God's blessing."
Abdul-Baha stopped at the end of one table,
patted the head of a Wan little child in its
mother's arms. A tiny hand stretched out and
the Master gently closed it over a bright new
shilling. Down the lOng rows of women and
children he passed from one to another, paus-
ing a few moments to bless each little up-
turned face, and bestow a silver coin. The re-
markably tender hands caressed a baby-'s cheek
or chin. One could hear him pronounce dis-
tinct words of comfort to the tiniest members
of the audience. In the arms of one mother
were twin children almost completely de-
tached in sleep from the ceremonies of the
moment. The Master bent over them, placing
two pieces of money under the rosy chins-
two pairs of deep blue eyes opened wide in
the spell of wonder.

