8 STAR OF THE WEST
National prejudice must be forgotten, racial
prejudice must be obliterated, and patriotic
prejudice must likewise be lifted from amongst
the people.
Since the beginning of history all the wars
which have occurred have been caused pri-
marily through religious prejudice, or racial
prejudice, or patriotic prejudice. As long as
these prejudices are not broken, the world of
humanity will not attain to perfect peace and
tranquillity.
Another teaching of is relative
to the equality of men and women. In the
human family of God there is no distinction.
God is no respecter of gender. The religion
of God is one. The human family share in
common all the faculties; they share in com-
mon all the divine bounties. God has not ac-
credited any difference between the male a11d
the female. The same education must be given
to women as to men, so that they may acquire
science and arts, so that they may advance
along the course of civilization, in order that
they may become proficient and attain to the
level of men.
In the Orient women have been very de-
graded in the past, men giving no importance
to them, thinking that men were created su-
perior, but through the teaching of BAHA-
who declared that a great calling is
destined for women, they promoted the facili-
ties for the education and training of the
girls. In a brief space of time the girls and
the Women alike have advanced along the
pathway of education. Now, in the country
of Persia alone, many schools have been or-
ganized for the girls, and girls are engaged in
the study of the sciences and arts.
The seventh teaching of con-
cerns itself and is in accord with this system
of universal education; it is that all the chil-
dren should study and acquire a profession,
that there should not remain a single indi-
vidual without a profession whereby he can
earn his livelihood. further de-
clares that through the equipment of science
and art the misunderstandings which have
prevailed between religion and science will be-
come reconciled.
The non-conformity of science and religion
has been the greatest factor in keeping the
religions apart.
If this misunderstanding be taken away from
amongst religions, perfect love will be estab-
lished. For example, for nearly two thousand
years there has been strife and contention be-
tween Jews and Christians and it is evident
that if the cause thereof be understood with
intelligence, it would wipe away from among
them all discord; there would remain love and
concord.
While in California, in a Jewish Synagogue,
in San Francisco, I spoke on this subject.
There were nearly two thousand Jews present.
I said to them, "This long misunderstanding
which has been between you and the Chris-
tians is very pitiable. You think that His
Holiness Christ destroyed all the foundation
of the Mosaic law. You think that He de-
graded the law of Moses, you go further and
think that His Holiness Christ was the enemy
of Moses, while all these things are contrary
to history. The first teaching that His Holi-
ness Christ gave was in regard to the prophet-
hood of Moses. The first mention He made
was in praise of the law of Moses. His Holi-
ness Christ spread the foundation of the law
of Moses, but He abrogated and extended that
law to accord with His times. Before the
appearance of Christ the name of Moses was
confined to Palestine only, but His Holiness
Christ spread the name of Moses throughout
the world, and promulgated the Old Testament
throughout the nations. Were it not for
Christ, who would have heard the name of
Moses in America? Were it not for the ex-
istence of Christ, how would this Bible have
been spread so broadcast for 1,500 years? You
could not translate and spread this Bible
throughout the nations were it not for the
blessings of Christendom. The Old Testament
has reached every corner of the globe, His
Holiness Christ established the fact that you
are the people of God. Let us be fair and see
whether Christ was the friend of Moses or
His enemy? Let us be just. Was there ever a
greater love than this, and was there ever a
greater assistance than this? His Holiness
Christ spread the name of Moses everywhere.
He proclaimed the teachings of the Old Testa-
ment.
Consider how this lack of understanding of
the Jewish people has created enmity and
strife. His Holiness Christ was the first to
proclaim world wide the name of Moses. Read
the Gospel and you will find out how His
Holiness Christ reverently mentions His name.
The paramount declaration of 
is that peace must be realized between all the
nations of the Earth. International tribunals
will be established and certain representatives
from amongst all the governments of the
earth will be sent to that inter-parliamentary
gathering. The era of "the parliament of

