STAR OF THE WEST 7
is the Ancient, the Almighty; His Attributes
are infinite. He is God because His Light,
His Sovereignty, is infinite. If He can be
limited to human ideas He is not God.
Strange it is that notwithstanding these are
self-evident truths man continues to build
Walls and fences of limitation about God,
about Divinity so glorious, illimitable, bound-
less. Consider the endless phenomena of His
Creation. They are infinite; the universe is
infinite. Who shall declare its height, its
depth and length? It is absolutely infinite.
How could an Almighty Sovereignty, a Divin-
ity so wondrous, be brought within the limita-
tions of faulty human minds even as to terms
and definition? Shall we then say that God
has performed a certain thing and He will
never be able to perform it again? That the
Sun of His Effulgence once shone upon the
world but now has set forever? That His
Mercy, His Grace, His Bounty once descended
but now have ceased? Is this possible? No!
We can never say or believe with truth that
His Manifestation, the adored Verity, the Sun
of Reality shall cease to shine upon the world.
Supplication.
God! Thou who are kind. Verily certain
souls have gathered in this meeting turning to
Thee with their hearts and spirits. They are
seeking the Bounty Everlasting. They are in
need of Thy Mercy Infinite.
Lord! Remove the veils from their eyes
and dispel the darkness of ignorance. Confer
upon them the Light of Knowledge and Wis-
dom. Illumine these contrite hearts with the
radiance of the Sun of Reality. Make these
eyes perceptive through Witnessing the Lights
of Thy Sovereignty. Suffer these spirits to
rejoice through the great Glad Tidings and
receive these souls into Thy Supreme King-
dom.
Lord! Verily we are weak; make us
mighty. We are poor; assist us from the
Treasury of Thy Munificence. We are dead;
resuscitate us through the breath of the Holy
Spirit. \/Ve lack patience in tests and in long-
suffering; permit us to attain the Lights of
Oneness.
Lord! make this assemblage the cause of
upraising the standard of the oneness of the
World of humanity and confirm these souls
so that they may become the promoters of
international peace.
Lord! Verily the people are veiled and in
a state of contention with each other, shedding
the blood and destroying the possessions of
each other. Throughout the world there is
war and conflict. In every direction there is
strife, bloodshed and ferocity.
Lord! Guide human souls in order that
they may turn away from Warfare and battle;
that they may become loving and kind to each
other; that they may enter into affiliation and
serve the oneness and solidarity of humanity.
Lord! The horizons of the World are
darkened by this dissension. God! Illumine
them and through the Lights of Thy Love let
the hearts become radiant. Through the bless-
ing of Thy Bestowal resuscitate the Spirits
until every soul shall perceive and act in ac-
cordance with Thy Teachings. Thou art the
Al-mighty! Thou are the Ornniscient! Thou
are the Seer! Lord be compassionate to all!
THE OF THE IN CHICAGO.
ADDRESS DELIVERED BY ABDUL-BAI-IA, AT THE
HOME or MRS. CORINNE TRUE, 5338 KEN-
MORE AVENUE, Cnrcaoo, MONDAY EVENING,
SEPT. 16, 
This is my last eve-
A ning in Chicago, for I am leaving to-
morrow morning [for St. Paul, Minn.].
Some days I passed among you here 
Praise be to God l--I met you all, associating
with you with the utmost of love, and I am
very pleased with each and all of you. Praise
be to God! your hearts are pure, your faces
are radiant and your spirits exhilarated
through the glad--tidings of God, and I pray
_H1Ie1~preted by Ameen V. Fareed: steno-
graphic notes taken by Miss Gertrude Buikema.
in your behalf, seeking heavenly confirmation
for you that each one of you may be a radiant
candle, shedding light in the world of human-
ity. May you become the quintessence of
Love, may you prove an effulgence of God,
may you be the efficacy of the Holy Spirit,
may you be the cause of amity and unity in
the world of man, for the World of humanity
has today the greatest need of love and unity.
If it remain as it is today, great dangers shall
face it; but if conciliation and unity shall
obtain, if security and confidence shall be in-
spired, and with heart and soul we strive in
order that the teachings of shall
find an effective penetration in the realities-
thus becoming the cause of fellowship and
(Continued on page eight)

