STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post office at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3. 1879.
ALBERT R. WtNous'r--EDIT0RS-Gsaravoa BUIKEMA
Associate Edit0r--Dn. ZIA M. BAGDADI, Chicago
TERMS $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, Ill.. U. S. A.
To personal checks please adcl mfliclent to cover the bani: exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI News Ssuvrcs, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 
Vol. Chicago (February 7, 1913) Mulk No. 18
THE MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR IN AMERICA: PAYMENT DUE MARCH 1st
The Bahai Temple Unity desires to inform the friends that a payment on the land will be due
March lst. It will therefore be appreciated if contributions are sent in 
CORINNE TRUE, Financial Secretary.
ABDUL-BAHA AT THE SHELTER
London, England, Christmas Night, 1912.
BY ISABEL FRASER.
Christmas night Abdul-Baha visited
the poor of the Salvation Army Shelter,
Westminster, where each year ea Christ-
mas dinner is provided for those who have no
homes and no friends, and but for the shelter
would have no lodgings. There were about
1,000 present on this occasion. It was a most
impressive dinner for the homeless
and the Master from the East delivering
Christ's message to the poor. As a true test
of attention, many of the hungry men forgot
to eat and listened intently.
With that wonderful tact Abdul-Baha dis-
plays on all occasions, his message to the
homeless was simple, direct and short. He
said:
feel tonight great joy and happiness to
be in this place, because my meetings and call-
ings have ever been mostly with the poor, and
I call myself one of them. My lot has ever
been with those who have not the goods of
this world. When we look at the poor of
humanity, we behold a World of brothers. All
are the sheep of God; God is the real shep-
herd. The poor have ever been the cause of
the freedom of the world of "humanity; the
poor have ever been the cause of the upbuild-
ing of the country; the poor have ever labored
for the world's production; the morals of the
poor have ever been above those of the rich;
the poor are ever nearer to the threshold of
God; the humanitarianism of the poor has ever
been more acceptable at the threshold of God.
"Consider his Holiness Christ: He appeared
in the world as one of the poor. He was
born of a lowly family; all the apostles of
Christ were of humble birth and His followers
were of the very poorest of the community.
This is what Christ states in the Gospels. 'It
is easier for a camel to go through the of
a needle than for a rich man to enter into
the Kingdom of God.' This testimony of
Christ of the exaltation of the poor ones in
the sight of God is sufficient. It is easy for the
poor, very easy for them to enter into the
Kingdom of God. In another place Christ
speaks of the charity of the poor ones of the
world as praiseworthy. The poor ones have
capacity. They were favored at the threshold
of God. If wealth were a necessity, Christ
would have wished it for himself. He lived a
simple life, and one of the titles of BAHA-
was 'the poor one.' In Persian His
title was 'darvish' and that means one who
has not a slave.
"All the prophets of God were poor, His
Holiness Moses was a mere shepherd. This
will show you that in the estimation of God,
poverty is greater than the accumulation of
wealth--that the poor are more acceptable than
the lazy rich. A rich man who spends his
wealth for the poor is praiseworthy. Consider
that the poor are not born in a state of
solvency; they are not tyrannous. All the
tyranny and injustice in this world comes
from accumulation. The poor have ever been

