10 STAR OF
silence, then the pastor said in quiet tones,
"You are dismissed."
An interesting incident in the day at Palo
Alto and the University was the attendance of
Professor Rodgers and the boys of his school,
which is located near Los Gatos. They came
a" distance of thirty miles by train and walked
five miles each way to the station. But Pro-
fessor Rodgers said as they took the late train
THE WEST
home, "We are well than repaid,
and all very happy."
Abdul-Baha and the Persian friends spent
the night at the home of Mrs. Merriam, after
a most joyous day in which he expressed
himself over and over as having been made so
very happy.
Early the following morning Abdul-Baha and
party returned to San Francisco.

ADDRESS BY ABDUL-BAHA
AT LELAND STANFORD JUNIOR UNIVERSITY, PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
October 8, I912, 10:15 a. 1T1.
Translated by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed; stenographically reported by Miss Bijou Straun.
INTRODUCTORY REMARKS BY PRESIDENT DAVID
STARR JORDAN.
IS OUR portion to have with us, through
I the courtesy of our Persian friends, one of
the great religious teachers of the world,
one of the natural successors of the old He-
brew prophets.
is said sometimes to be the founder of
a new religion. He has upwards of three
millions of people following along the lines
in which he leads. It is not exactly a new
religion, however. The religion of brotl1er-
hood, of good will, of friendship between men
and nations--tl/tat is as old as good thinking
and good living may be. It may be said in
some sense to be the oldest of religions.
He will speak in Persian. He will be trans-
lated by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed, a graduate of
the University of Illinois and also of Johns
Hopkins University.
I have now the great pleasure, and the
great honor also, of presenting to you Abdul-
Baha.
ADDRESS BY ABDUL-BAHA.
The greatest attainment in the world of
humanity has ever been scientific in nature.
It is the discovery of the realities of things.
Inasmuch as I find myself present in the home
of science--for this is one of the great univer-
sities of the country and well known abroad--I
feel a sense of keen joy.
The noblest body of men is a body of men
devoting its energies to science, and the noblest
center is a center devoted to the study of sci-
ences and arts. It ever tends to the illumina-
tion of the world of humanity, for science
is the cause of the eternal honor of man, and
the sovereignty of science is far greater than
the sovereignty of kings. The sovereignty of
rulers comes to an end; a king may be de-
throned, and a sovereignty may come to a
terminus, but the sovereignty of science is
everlasting. For it there is no end.
Regard the philosophers of past ages. Their
sovereignty is still manifest. The Roman em-
pire passed away with all its grandeur. The
Greek sovereignty passed away with all its
grandeur. The past sovereignties of the Orient
are but memories, whereas the sovereignties
of Plato and Aristotle still continue. Even
now, in all the schools and universities of the
world their names are the subject of com-
memoration. But where do you hear the
names of bygone kings? They are all for-
gotten and rest in the valley of oblivion.
Hence we learn, verily, that the sovereignty of
science is greater than the sovereignty of
rulers.
Kings have invaded countries and achieved
conquest through the shedding of blood, but
the scientist, through his achievement, invades
the lands of ignorance, conquering the realm
of the mind and the heart. Therefore his con-
scientific achieven1ents--are ever-
lasting.
This being a center of education, I am very
happy indeed to be present, and in your behalf
do I seek confirmation, aid and assistance.
May you attain extraordinary progress in your
educational pursuits. May you prove as ra-
diant lights, which shall flood regions, explor-
ing the dark recesses of ignorance.
Inasmuch as the greatest and most funda-
mental teaching of is one relative
to the oneness of humanity, I desire to speak
to you of the fundamental oneness of phe-
nomena, which subject is one of abtruse nature
dealing with Divine philosophy.
It proves that fundamentally all existence

