6 STAR OF THE WEST
communion. When a Bahai walked in the
streets, in his heart he was praying to God,
begging of me a sacrifice in Thy
Path! Let the enemies surround me, carry
me to the arena of make me a
ransom to Thy Cause!' It is very easy now
to be martyred, but it was very difficult at that
time. Those frightful looking soldiers, those
horrible executioners, those dreadful farrashes,
and especially the cann-oneers with their fierce
moustaches. They threw fear into the hearts
of the staunchest and the firmest. Yet the
friends were most firm and resolute before
the faces of these beings of terror. At the
time of trials, wonderful confirmations de-
scend upon man, regenerating him and making
him a new creation.
"Mirza Ghorban Ali, who was one of the
Seven a man of great piety and
learning, was a strong Babi, but he was very
fearful and timid. He was so fearful of being
known as a Babi that when he met the friends
in the streets he would not look at them. He
shunned their association. Yet the enemies
found him out somehow, and brought him into
the prison house. As he was well known
among the military class for his wisdom and
devotion, two of these influential officers went
to Mirza Tagi Khan, the Prime Minister, and
interceded for him. When the Prime Min-
ister found out that such important men were
interceding for him, he became very lenient
and told them to bring him to him so that 'he
might recant. This Prime Minister was such
a domineering and blood-thirsty man that the
army was in constant fear of him, so that
when he was reviewing the army if he just
turned his eyes upon one of the soldiers he
would tremble and shake with fear. Finally
these two officers took Mirza Ghorban Ali to
the Prime Minister, and they were so hap-py
in the thought that he would be released be-
fore long. When he came before the Prime
Minister, the Prime Minister looked at him
and'said: 'These friends of yours have in-
terceded for you. Are you ready to repudi-
ate Ali Mohammed (The Bab) Mirza Ghor-
ban Ali, looking around, saw the executioner
about fifteen feet from him, standing, and then
he turned to the Minister and asked: 'Whom
shall I repudiate, Ali or Mohammed?' (Mo-
hammed being the Prophet and Ali the son-in-
law, they are considered the Holy Ones in the
Mohammedan world. The name of the Bah
is composed of these two.) The Prime Min-
ister became so angry that he ordered the
executioners to take him away and kill him,
and he left the presence of the Prime Minister
With serene face and a heavenly smile on his
countenance. At such a time, a firm believer
is known!"
ADDRESSES DELIVERED BY ABDUL-BAHA IN NEW YORK CITY
AND VICINITY.
Compiled from stenographic notes and edited by Mr. Howard MacNutt.
TALK GIVEN BY AT 309 W. 78TH
NEW CITY, JULY 5, 
OU are very Welcome,--very Welcome, all
of you! In the Divine Holy Books there
are unmistakable prophecies giving the
Glad-tidings of a certain Day in which the
Promised One of all the Books would appear,
a radiant Dispensation be establislied, the
banner of the Most Great Peace and concili-
ation be hoisted, and the oneness of the World
of humanity proclaimed. Among the various
nations and peoples of the World no enmity
or hatred should remain. All hearts were to
be connected one with another. These things
are recorded in the Taurat or Old Testament,
in the Gospel, in the Koran, in the Zend
Avesta, in the Books of Buddha and in the
*'I.'ransIated by Dr. Ameen U. F'a1'eed; notes by
Miss Emma C. Melick and Howard MacNutt.
Book of Confucius. In brief, all the Holy
Books contain these Glad-tidings. In all of
them it is announced that after the World is
surrounded by darkness, radiance shall ap-
pear. For just as the night, when it becomes
excessively dark, precedes the dawn of a new
day, so likewise when the darkness of re-
ligious apathy and heedlessness overtakes the
world, when human souls become negligent
of God,--when materialistic ideas overshadow
idealism and nations be-
come submerged in the world of matter and
forget God,--at such a time as this shall the
Divine Sun shine forth and the Radiant Morn
appear.
Consider to what a remarkable extent the
spirituality of people has been overcome by
materialism, so that spiritual susceptibility
seems to have vanished, Divine civilization

