STAR OF THE WEST 5
like unto verdant and green trees, so that
through the breezes of the Divine spring, the
outpouring of heaven, the heat of the Sun
of Truth, you may become eternally refreshed;
that you may bear blossoms and become fruit-
ful; that you may not be as fruitless trees.
Fruitless trees do not bring forth fruits or
flowers. I hope that all of you may become
friends of the Paradise of ABHA, appearing
with the utmost freshness and spiritual beauty.
I pray in your behalf and beg of God con-
firmation and assistance.
AT HOTEL ANSONIA, New YORK
CITY, APRIL 13, REV.
I. T. BIXBY AND REV. HOWARD COLBY Ives,
PRESENT.
From Notes by Howard Mac1\Tutt.
BDUL-BAHA: The origin of man is
A one; the consummate intention of all
human existence must likewise be one.
The development of a tree is from a seed; the
purpose of a tree's existence therefore is to
produce a seed. The fruit of man is love
and unity,--the development of spiritual sus-
ceptibilities through the influence and infusion
of Divine Love. The union of East and West
must be accomplished in the soul of man forti-
fied by the Divine Spirit. This spiritual bond
of unity, this power of Divine Love is ever-
lasting. Its appearance in the soul of man is
the purpose of his creation.
America is a great instrument for the accom-
plishment of world unity. No other nation of
the World stands in a similar position of influ-
ence and responsibility. The fundamental
question is the unification of religious belief.
In Persia during the last fifty years a wonder-
ful evidence of such unity has appeared among
the various sects and denominations of relig-
ionists. What is witnessed in that country is
historical account and record which cannot be
denied. The accomplishment of a fundamental
religious unity in Persia is therefore a nucleus
which proves the possibility of universal peace
among the world nations.
Consider the kingdom of the animals.
*'No'rn--This interview was prompted by_the
fact that an article prepared by Be" 3- 
for publication in the North American Review had
been objected to by Bahais to whom it had been
submitted, as incorrect and misleading. Although
the truth embodied in the words of Abdul-Baha
completely disprove the erroneous statements, the
article in question amended, was after-
ward published. It should also be noted that
Abdul-Baha in his preliminary setting forth of the
historical accomplishment of the Bah_ai Movement
disqualifies the writer and his motive before a
question is asked.--Ed.
There is no strife among them on account of
color or creed. If you select a pigeon from
Persia, another from Germany, another from
France, America and so on, you would find
them living together in complete union and
love. Because one was American it would not
object to its companion from Persia. The
birds of white plumage would not shun those
of black and brown. They would not notice
this difference in color, but would dwell to-
gether in peace and harmony. Should we not
at least attain to their state and possibility?
We have reason; we have consciousness. God
has taught us through these channels that we
were created for unity and love. The heav-
enly Prophets have revealed the principles of
I-Iis Will and Word. Let us live in accord
with those principles and thereby live in unity
with each other.
When the adherents of the former despotic
government of Persia found that this unity
and harmony was being accomplished among
the followers of they arose in
bigotry and persecution against them. The
clergy especially perceived that their vocation
and means of livelihood were threatened. They
persecuted the Bahais with bitterness and
ferocity. They misrepresented this Cause to
the Government, saying, "These are the people
of rebellion and revolution; these are the
enemies of the Shah;" whereas in fact down
to the time of the recent revolution in Persia
the Bahais have taken no part whatever in
political questions and disturbances. Their
clamorous persecutors were the real revolti-
tionists. These discontents wanted Consti-
tutional rights and privileges. They were poli-
ticians, not religionists. Today there are many
political parties in Persia. Notwithstanding
the spread of rumors intended to excite preju-
dice against the Bahais, unity and love increased
among them, for falsehood cannot stand
against the on-rushing stream of Truth. These
enemies said, "The teachings of 
sanction one wife and nine 
principles of are comrnunistic
and proclaim treason against the throne and
government." All kinds of false a11d danger-
ous reports were circulated until even Euro-
pean travelers passing through the country
were influenced to believe them. How differ-
ent was the reality! While the Bahais have
practical laws upon moral, ethical, civil and
governmental questions, their obedience to
these laws is always conducive to the uplift,
purification and improvement of human condi-
tions and never destructive to the develop-

