10 STAR OF
ual movement. At the basis of all the great
religions that have moved the world there
are the same great truths. This unrest at the
moment, and of ancient times though in dif-
ferent Words and different form are still the
same. God is one. There is nothing but God
anywhere. He is the one eternal life; be-
cause we are in Him therefore we are eternal;
death is but the dropping of a garment.
This is the principle of unity and we are
thankful beyond measure that it has been
brought to us today.
CLOSING REMARKS BY M. I-IIPPOLYTE DREYFUS-
IBARNEY, OF PARIS.
Ladies and Gentlemen: After the beautiful
and interesting addresses you have heard, I
have to make you a promise, it is, not to take
up too much of your time, but I wish to say
What see the wonderful
interest that the movement has now awakened
in London.
Is it a religion, this movement? Some say
no, looking only at the philosophical aspect of
the teachings, looking only to its code of
ethics; but I say yes, and you certainly will
say so, too, after having heard what you have
from this platform. It is a religion because
it is founded upon the knowledge of God. The
knowledge of God is the first thing we should
try to acquire. It has, in former times, I think,
been very diflicult for, in the past, the esoteric
part of religion was hidden from the people
and the truth was only given in symbols. But
in this day appeals to our reason.
Reason is the greatest gift of God to man,
and it is through reason we can know God.
How? teaches us that we can
know Him best through His Manifestations.
What does that mean? I think we should say,
in order to make ourselves understood,
through the greatest manifestation of God,
because everything in the world manifests
God to a greater or less degree. We can find
the divine in the beautiful melodies that are
sung by the birds in the forests, the divine
in nature, but we find it specially in man, who
is at the summit of creation, and especially
in those supreme beings who are called the
prophets. It is in understanding their teaching
THE WEST
that we can reach the knowledge of God. But
I said in the beginning I did not Want to take
up too much of your time. I think we can
move in a high spirit in thanking the Chair
for this wonderful gathering, which I hope
will be the beginning of many similar ones in
this city.
BY ABDUL-BAHA.
Again a deep and reverent hush fell on the
people as Abdul-Baha gave the blessing in
Oriental fashion with hands outstretched and
palms upturned 
Thou Kind Almighty, we supplicate at
the Throne of Grace for mercy for the blood
that has been shed in the Balkans; the chil-
dren that are being made orphans; the moth-
ers losing their dear sons; the sons who have
become fatherless; the cities that have been
destroyed; the many hearts that have been
filled with sorrow; the many tears that are be-
ing shed and the many spirits that are in a
state of agitation!
Lord, be merciful, extinguish this spirit
of war, this consuming fire, this peril, this
gloomy darkness! Cement together these
hearts, let the sun of Thy Truth dawn upon all.
Lord! this world is dark, guide us to-
ward a brilliant light. The horizons are
glooming with the clouds of war; disperse
these impenetrable clouds. Grant us holiness
and calm! Dispose of these quarrels, illu-
minate the horizon of life, so that the sun of
real loyalty may shine with its rays. May
these dark hearts become illuminated, may
these blind eyes become open, may these deaf
ears become gifted with hearing.
Lord! cause Thy divine justice to appear
in this world. Summon these people to the
Banquet of International Peace, so that they
may live together in the utmost state of love.
May all the religions and all nations embrace
each other with this spirit of universal kindli-
ness, and may hatred he forgotten.
Lord! confirm this just government in
the establishment of peace, so that it may
hold aloft the banner of reconciliation in the
Balkans. May the light of love shine and
flame forth undefiled. Lord! Thou art Al-
mighty; Thou art Merciful; Thou art Clement;
Thou art Kind 1"
M-_pi__-ii
OUR PERSIAN SECTION contains: (I)
Talk by Abdul-Baha on "Creation" delivered
at New York City; (2) talk by Abdul-Baha
to the Kenosha, Wis., Bahai Assembly; (3)
Tablet revealed for the newspapers of the
world; (4) cablegram from Abdul-Baha say-
ing, "Scotland is illumined greetings to all the
3,
friends (5) letter written by Seyed Assa-
d'u'llah, while with Abdul-Baha in London.

