6 STAR OF THE WEST
with our money and go away. This is an insult
to humanity. Lest you may think it is possible
to believe such a thing of Abdul-Baha, let me
tell you that his friends here provided a beauti-
ful apartment for him in the Ansonia. They
wanted to express their love and veneration
in the only way they could by providing a com-
fortable place in which he could meet the many
friends and be comfortable. He accepted it
with thanks, but paid for it all himself. Never
since he has been in this country has he ac-
cepted one cent from anybody. On the con-
trary, the generosity of this noble soul is
beyond any comparison. The first Sunday he
spoke in Grant's church, the contribution was
passed, and he made his offering. When he
was asked to speak to the Bowery Mission, he
went there with a big bag of one thousand
francs changed into twenty-five cent pieces of
our money, and stood at the door giving them
to those poor ragged brothers of ours.
My friends, the Kingdom of God is at hand,
and I call upon you to recognize it! I call
upon you to spread the news on every side!
No longer is there room in God's world for
sect or creed. He knows no sect. There is
no creed or sect in God's sight.
ADDRESS BY ABDUL--BAHA.
Because this church is called the Church of
Brotherhood, I wish to touch upon the subject
of the "Brotherhood of Mankind." There is
perfect brotherhood underlying humanity, for
all are the servants of one God. There is
brotherhood among mankind because all are
beneath the providence of God. There is
brotherhood in humanity because all belong to
one family. There is the fraternal bond in
humanity because all belong to the realm of
growth. There is brotherhood pertaining to
humanity because all are sensitive beings.
There is brotherhood among humanity because
all are beneath one canopy or heaven. There is
brotherhood in humanity because all inhabit one
earth, one globe. There is brotherhood among
humanity because of the necessity of coopera-
tion. There is brotherhood among humanity
because all belong to one sociology. There is
brotherhood among humanity because all are
the waves of one sea. There is brotherhood
among humanity because all are the leaves,
twigs and fruits of one tree. This is the phys-
ical brotherhood which insures the material
happiness of the human world. The stronger
this brotherhood becomes, the more will the
world of humanity advance and the circle of
materiality be enlarged. This is material
brotherhood. But the real brotherhood is the
spiritual brotherhood, because the physical
brotherhood is subject to separation. All the
wars which take place are the causes of
separating humanity, but spiritual brotherhood
is eternal brotherhood. It does not accept
separation. Material or physical brotherhood
is based upon material interests, but the
spiritual brotherhood owes its existence to the
breaths of the Holy Spirit. This brotherhood,
the spiritual brotherhood may be likened to the
light, While the souls may be likened to lan-
terns. Although the incandescent lamps here
are many, yet the light is one.
At a time in the Orient when even the phys-
ical brotherhood was not existing, His Holiness
appeared. At first he promul-
gated the physical brotherhood; then he
founded the spiritual brotherhood. Such a
spirit of brotherhood did he breathe i11to the
countries of the Orient that the various peoples
and warring tribes became one in spirit. Their
bestowals became one; their susceptibilities
became one; their purpose became one purpose;
their desires became one desire--to a degree
wherein they sacrificed themselves for one an-
other, forfeiting possessions for one another,
forfeiting their glory for one another, forfeiting
comfort for one another. They were bound
together in such a fellowship as to be indis-
soluble. This is eternal brotherhood; this is
spiritual brotherhood; this is heavenly brother-
hood; this is divine brotherhood--Which is
indissoluble absolutely. Material civilization
advances through the material fraternity. All
the progress which you observe in the material
civilization is founded mainly upon the frater-
nal basis. We1'e it not for material fraternity
or brotherhood, these material advancements
would not have been witnessed, and civilization
would not have progressed. Now, praise be to
God! spiritual fraternity is organized, the eter-
nal fraternity, and that is indissoluble. There-
fore it is certain that the Divine Civilization
shall be founded and spiritual progress shall
be made. In this radiant century Divine
knowledges, merciful civilization, and spiritual
virtues shall attain the greatest progress and
advancement. The traces have,become mani-
fest in Persia. Souls have advanced to such
a degree as to forfeit life and possessions for
one another. Their spiritual perceptions have
developed. Their intelligence has increased.
Their souls have advanced. The utmost of
love has been manifested. Therefore my hope
is that spiritual fraternity shall unite the East
and the West, and be conducive to the entire

