10 STAR OF
As difference in degree of capacity exists
among human souls; as difference in capa-
bility is individualities will
differ one from another. But in reality this
is a cause of unity and not of discord and
enmity. If the flowers of a garden were all
of one color, the effect would be monotonous
to the eye; but if the colors are variegated,
it is most pleasing and wonderful. The differ-
ence in adornment of color and capacity of
reflection among the flowers gives the garden
its beauty and charm. Therefore, although
We are of different individualities, different
in ideas, and of various fragrances, let us
strive like flowers of the same Divine garden
to live together in harmony. Even though
each soul has its own individual perfume and
color, all are reflecting the same Light, all
contributing fragrance to the same breeze
which blows through the garden, all continu-
ing to grow in complete harmony and accord.
Become as waves of one sea; trees of .one
forest, growing in the utmost love, agreement
and unity.
If you attain to such a capacity of love and
unity, the Blessed Perfection will shower infl-
nite graces of the Spiritual Kingdom upon
you, guide, protect and preserve you under
the shadow of His Word, increase your hap-
piness in this world and uphold you through
all difficulties. Therefore it is my hope that
day by day you will become more and more
effulgent in the horizon of Heaven, advance
nearer and nearer toward the Kingdom of
EL--ABHA, attain greater and greater bounties
of the Blessed Perfection. I am joyful, for
I perceive the evidences of great love among
you. I go to Chicago, and when I return I
hope that love will have become infinite.
Then will it be an eternal joy to me and the
friends in the Orient.
TALK BY ABDUL-BAHA AT HOTEL 
NEW YORK CITY, APRIL 17, 1912.
From Notes by Howard MacNutt.
URING my visit to London and Paris
last year, I had many talks with the
materialistic philosophers of Europe.
The basis of all their conclusions is that
the acquisition of knowledge of phenomena
is according to a fixed, invariable law
mathematically exact in its operation through
the senses. For instance, the sees a
chair there is no doubt of the
chair's existence. The looks up into the
heavens and beholds the sun see flowers
THE 
upon this table smell their fragrance 
I hear sounds outside, etc., etc. This, they
say, is a fixed mathematical law of perception
and deduction, the operation of which admits
of no doubt whatever;--for inasmuch as the
universe is subject to our sensing, the proof
is self-evident that our knowledge of it must
be gained through the avenues of the senses.
That is to say, the materialists announce that
the criterion and standard of human knowl-
edge is sense perception. Among the Greeks
and Romans, the criterion of knowledge was
Reason--that whatever is provable and ac-
ceptable by Reason rnust necessarily be admit-
ted as true. A third standard or criterion
is the opinion held by theologians, that tradi-
tions and interpretations constitute the basis
of human knowing. There is still another,--
a fourth criterion, upheld by religionists and
metaphysicians, who say that the source and
channel of all human penetration into the
unknown is through inspiration. Briefly, then,
these four criterions, according to the declara-
tions of men, are: First--Sense Perception;
Second>>-Reason; Third--Traditions; Fourth

In Europe I told the philosophers and scien-
tists of materialism that the criterion of the
senses is not reliable. For instance, consider
a mirror and the images reflected in it. These
images have no actual corporeal existence.
Yet if you had never seen a mirror, you
would firmly insist and believe that they were
real. The sees a mirage upon the desert
as a lake of water, but there is no reality in
it. As we stand upon the deck of a steamer
the shore appears to be moving, yet we know
the land is stationary and we are moving.
The earth was believed to be fixed and the
sun revolving about it, but although this ap-
pears to be so, the reverse is now known
to be true. A whirling torch makes a circle
of fire appear before the eye, yet we real-
ize there is but one torch. We behold a
shadow moving upon the ground, but it has
no material existence, no substance. In des-
erts, the atmospheric effects are particularly
productive of illusions which deceive the eye.
Once I'saw a mirage' in which a whole cara-
van appeared traveling upward into the sky.
In the far North other deceptive phenom-
ena appear to baffle human vision. Some-
times three or four suns, called by scientists
"mock suns," will be shining at the same
time, whereas we know the great solar orb
is one and that it remains fixed and single.
In brief, the senses are continually deceived

