STAR OF THE WEST 13
us together, a11d to what a heavenly table He
has caused us to reach, and into Whose house
He has brought us to live. Wlio through such
love prepares such a table and such a feast,
and asks Abdul-Baha to let this entertain-
ment be in His Name! See what a union
it has established and the Confirmation of
between the East and West
How his Bounty has embraced all! And how
His favors have been perfected for all! When
the Mohammedans came and conquered Per-
sia, the Chief of the Zoroastrian High Priests
went to drink wine. Wine is unlawful ac-
cording to the Mo-hammedan Religion. Who-
soever drinks wine is. according to the Mo-
hammedan Law, to be punished by 81 strokes
of the whip. As the Chief of the Zoroastrain
High Priests did drink wine, the Moslems
arrested him, tied, struck and whipped him.
The Arabs were looked upon as verylow by the
Persians, and as His Holiness Mohammed was
an Arab, the Persians shunned him very much,
that is, the Persians would not even count the
Arabs as human beings. But when the High
Priest saw such a power coming forth from
the Arabs, whom they had always looked
upon as being not even human beings, he be-
gan to cry out, saying, thou Arabian
Mohammed, what hast thou done?" "What
hast thou done which has made thy people
arrest the Chief, the High Priest of the Zoro-
astrians because he has committed something
that is unlawful in thy Religion?" Thus
was the cause overcome which had caused
the Zoroastrian High Priest to shun the Mo-
hammedan Religion. For he said, "What a
great influence Mohammed is exercising!"
Now let us come into the West today, and see
how through the Po-wer of the Love of God,
has exercised such wonderful in-
fluence throughout the world! From the
remotest p-arts of Persia, from the remotest
parts of the East, the Power of 
has caused men to come to the West, and
has brought about such union between the
East and the West, that with the utmost
love and affection and union and harmony
they have been brought to this tab-le in the
house of Mr. and Mrs. Parsons! See how
the power of has brought the
East and West together! And Abdul-Baha is
standing and waiting upon you! There is
neither rod, nor whip, nor blow, nor a sword
nor a cannon, but the Power of the Love of
God!
(Here Abdul-Baha called in 
Rice! Bring rice! Persian Rice 
This is to be a lesson to the effect that in
this world we judge of Movements by
nature of their developments. These are
certain movements which appear in the world
and make a start but then discontinue their
growth, and nothing is heard of them. There
are other Movements which have a little time
of growth, they go ahead for a little time more
than the 0-nes first mentioned, but before
realizing any mature development they digress
and are lost in oblivion. One notes that these
two kinds of Causes or are not of
any progressive or permanent nature. Yet on
the other hand there is another kind of Move-
ment or Cause which starts from a very small
beginning, but it progresses with a steady pace.
It goes along slowly but steadily, and although
its beginning is small, because of the steady
nature of its development, that Movement
gradually assumes b-road dimensions. This
kind may be illustrated by calling attention to
the Bahai Movement. For instance, when
was leaving Persia as an exile,
with his family, Abdul-Baha and his Father,
going from Teheran to Bagdad, did not find
a believer on the way, although it was a
long distance which they had to cover from
Teheran to Bagdad, and there are many
towns and villages, but they did not come
in contact with any of the Bahais. Very
little was known about the Cause in the world
then. Then when they reached Bagdad,
even in Bagdad there were no believers.
There was just one Persian believer who had
been taught by himself in Per-
sia. Then later on one or two others came
along. So you see at the beginning of the
Cause of it was almost unknown,
but it grew because it was a Divine Move-
ment, and developed with the Spiritual Power,
until in this day there is no place or town or
city, for instance, from the countries of Per-
sia to the countries of America through which
one travels without coming into contact with
numerous Bahais--without finding Bahai As-
semblies and Bahai Spiritual institutions. This
shows thata Cause, which although small, has
a steady growth, may assume a wonderful de-
velopment, and become the cause of the prog-
ress of the world, and those who attach then1-
selves to it and work for it are working under
the auspices of a Cause which would enable
them to spread the blessings of progress and

