and the Lord of Heaven and Earth will
illumine all regions, both east and west.
THE Gate.
Then know, ye people, that in the year
I844 A. 13., the Star of Guidance dawned, the
Planet of Purity shone forth, the Fountains
of Knowledge gushed out in one of the best
lands of the Orient, when the Tree of Grace
was ignited in the city of Shiraz, the chief
town of the province of Fars, Persia. The
Most Great Bab (Gate) arose, preaching to
the multitudes and peoples, heralding the
expiration of the gloomy night, foreshadow-
ing and clearly declaring the coming of the
great and dreadful "Day of God." He raised
this call betwixt the heaven and earth: "Re-
joice! Rejoice! The M01'1t of Guidance hath
indeed appeared, the gloomy night hath
cleared away, and the of the Beauty
of GOD, EL--ABHA, is at hand. The spring-
time of the Retmh of the Realities of Regen-
eration hath co-me!" All regions trembled
with this most sweet call and the Resur-
rection appeared through the supreme Mes-
sage. The storms of oppression blew and
the whirlwinds of rancour stirred in the
breasts of religious doctors. Then the bril-
liant Flame was extinguished, the spiritual
Fragrance ceased and the Beauty of the
Merciful One was martyred in the city of
Tabriz, the chief town of Azerbeyjan, under
the sentence of a satanic and impious one.
Calamities and afflictions appeared, animosity
and malice showed forth and the dark clouds
of discord becan1e violent; until the appointed
time came and tl1e Signs of the arrival of the
"Day of God" were manifest in all directions.
Glory of GOD.
Then dawned the Sun of the Beauty of
the Promised One; then arose and beamed
the Orb of the Face of the Adored One. The
Hour arrived, the Resurrection came, the
Trumpet sounded and the dawn of the Mani-
festation shone forth. 
arose; the Beauty of the Supreme GOD ap-
peared and called out with a voice that filled
all regions, causing the "seven strata of the
earth." to tremble.
is 
Now the promised GOD hath indeed come,
the Beauty of the Adored One hath appeared,
the appointed "Day of God" hath dawned
and his irrefutable and glorious Command
hath arisen. The Lord hath descended in the
shadow of clouds; the earth is shining with
4 STAR OF THE WEST
the Light of the Face of its Lord, the Be-
stower; the Bridge is extended, the Book is
appointed, the curtain is lifted and the veil
is removed. Showers of Verses have fallen,
branches of Knowledge have put forth
leaves and become flourishing in all directions.
The dead have arisen and the lifefless are
resurrected. The rivers of Knowledge and
enlightenment have flowed from his Supreme
Pen and He hath broken the seal of the
"Sealed Wine" with his Generous Finger.
He hath explained in His Holy Tablets the
realities of the Words of the Prophets, and
hath disclosed in His precious Writings the
meanings of the symbols of the Elect, until
all the seals of the Prophets have been opened
and the aims of the Messengers become un-
veiled to the possessors of pure hearts. He
instituted new laws which are destined to
unite all nations and multitudes; issued a
glorious Command which will bring together
all religions and creeds, enjoined His Saints
to love all nations and exhorted them to
serve all the people of the world. He enacted
for them devotional ordinances, such as fast-
ing, prayer, pilgrimage, almsgiving and other
rites and ceremonies. He forbade crimes and
sins, such as murder, adultery, theft, back-
biting, lying, calumny and other iniquities and
offences. He commanded them to submit to
the laws of government, urged them to obey
kings and princes and to respect those who
are good among the learned men and doc-
tors. He exhorted them to universally spread
enlightment, to educate their children of both
sexes and absolutely prohibited them from
that which may create oppression and hatred
in the world. He forbade them from cursing,
execration, insult, strife, conflict and all that
is calculated to separate hearts or perturb
souls. He even forbade them from carry-
ing arms Without the permission of rulers,
and from everything that may cause con-
fusion.
During His last days He Wrote the Kimb-
el-Ah'd (The Book of the Covenant, Testa-
ment or Will) with His blessed fingers in
which He clearly stated and appointed the
CENTER or THE COVENANT, directing peoples to
the Orb of the Universe. In this Book He
again exhorted His friends and followers to
show forth good characteristics and noble
attributes, so that there may appear pure and
chaste souls among His believers; shining and
beaming stars i11 the heaven of His Cause.
Likewise, the torrent of His Verses and the
shower of His Graces abundantly poured

