STAR OF 15
altruism, accomplished a proclamation of
universal liberty. So you were the means here
of liberating your fellowbeings elsewhere, and
this effort on the part of the white people in
America should never be lost sight of, and
therefore you must be very grateful and must
be very kind to the whites here. And the
white people in this country should be most
happy and pleased and grateful to you, so
that both may develop in the degrees of
altruism and of humanitarianism. May you
be further drawn together with the whites,
in order that extraordinary development may
be accomplished by you and in order that
fellowship may become a reality, a true fact,
among you. In short, you must be grateful to
the whites, for they were liberators of your
people not only in this country, on the conti-
nent of America, but elsewhere, in Africa.
Were it not for your freedom here, one can
see that freedom elsewhere would not have
been accomplished, and up to the present day
bondage would have been present. But now,
praise be to Godl the bondage has passed away
and the whites and colored are both free from
it, and I pray in your behalf that you may de-
velop and advance in the degrees of ethics
and morality. That you may achieve such
<1 Sflperlative degree of it that there shall be
no name other than one human kind. Inst
as we apply the term "flock of doves." 'We
do not say the colored doves and the white
doves. say doves. We apply the name
horse, for example, to the horse species, s0
to speak. 'Ne do not say colored horses and
white horses. No such distinction of color is
realizable. We do not have any distinction
among the deer or gazelles. There is no
such name as white or colored deer. And
my hope is this. that we may advance to such
a degree, and this can be accomplished through
love and fellowship.
Therefore, strive yourselves and also put
forth efforts toward the accomplishment of
this fellowship, so that the greatest bond may
be achieved, and this cannot be done without
effort 011 part, namely, expressions of
gratefulness and expressions of kindliness and
altruism on the part of the other. Each one
should endeavor to develop and assist the
other. They must endeavor to help you in
your advancement. They must assist in your
development. And this is feasible only from
your joining heartily and being inclined toward
this advancement. This will be conducive to
love and unity and you will be the means of
bringing
For the
about real unity among mankind.
colored and the whites should ac-
complish this unity, then the world's peace
and accord Will be assured. Then racial pre-
judice, national prejudice, patriotism of the
limited sort and 1'6llg'lO'.1S bias will remain no
longer. I am very pleased to see you at this
gathering, white and dark, and I praise God
that I have had the pleasure of being here
where the two are gathered together and where
they are loving each other. And this I can
see is the means of the glory of humanity.
This is the means of the good pleasure of
God. This is the means of the eternal bliss
in the Kingdom of God. Therefore I pray
in your behalf that you may attain to the
fullest degree of love, and that the day may
come when all difierences shall cease.
or AT THE Home or MR.
AND Mas. PARSONS, 5 M., APRIL :23, 1912*
from m.orning until this moment, I
have been speaking. From dawn even
until now. Yet because of loving fellow-
ship and a desire to be kind, I am here to speak
again. I will speak here very briefly. In these
last few days a terrible event toolr place in the
world. An event sad in nature indeed, sadden-
ing every heart. All the spirits are affected by
it sadly. I refer to the Tittmic disaster. For
a number of our fellow human beings were
drowned. A number of beautiful souls there
were submerged. Therefore it is indeed re-
grettable. But let us realize that everything
which occurs in life is due to some wisdom.
Nothing happens without some reason. There
is a mystery connected with it. But Whatever
that be, it was a very sad occurrence, for it
brought tears to many eyes, and it caused a
sad tumult in many souls. I was greatly af-
fected by the disaster. There were some
who were on the Cedric with us as far as
Naples, and who left and transferred to the
other ship, and whenever I think of them
I am very sad indeed. But when I con-
sider another aspect of it, that the worlds
of God are numerous, just as His Holiness
Christ has stated, that "In my Father's
House are many mansions," though they
were deprived of this existence, of this life,
they have opportunities in other mansions.
They were deprived of the temporary life,
and they were transferred to the eternal.
Though they had to leave this material, yet
*Translated by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed and taken
stenographically by Ioseph H. I-Iannen.

