STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
V01. Ill Chicago (December 12, 1912) Massa'ulk No. 15
1
"We must investigate Reality and forsake imitations."
A GLIMPSE OF ABDUL-BAHA AT GREEN ACRE, MAINE.
BY MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB.
August 16th, Abdul-Baha and party
arrived at Green Acre, Maine, after a
pleasant automobile trip from Nashua,
N. H., a ride of nearly a hundred miles. The
automobile belonged to Mrs. Tatum, a New
York Bahai who sent it from Boston. All
along the way Abdul-Baha discoursed on the
beauty of nature, the verdancy of tl1e fields,
the grandeur of the mountains, and the glory
of the country. Many believers and visitors
gathered at the gate to welcome him. He and
his party, Dr. Ameen U. Fareed, Mirza Ali
Akbar and Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, were taken
to their rooms overlooking the shimmering
Piscataqua river, where in the distance could
be seen the mountains of New Hampshire.
Half an hour after his arrival, before a large
gathering, Abdul-Baha spoke briefly on the
"Investigation of Reality," and in the evening
another large audience listened to his dis-
course on "L0ve,"* wherein the life here-
*See next issue of the STAR on THE 
after was demonstrated and the four criterions
of reason, senses, traditions and inspiration
were explained.
These two meetings were arranged in his
honor and the "Eirenion" was decorated with
flowers and bunting. From the gate of Green
Acre to the hotel on both sides of the roads
two long lines of Iapanese lanterns were hung.
Each person in Green Acre, Whether Bahai or
not, had hung one of these lanterns. There
were over a thousand. When the grounds
were illuminated, Abdul-Baha said: "Very
beautiful; very beautiful."
Everybody was delighted with the coming
of Abdul--Baha and the atmosphere of Green
Acre became Divine and spiritual with His
Presence. His majestic figure became a fa-
miliar object, greeting everyone, whether
friend or stranger, young or old, in English,
"Good morning? How are you? Are you
well? Are you happy? Very happy?" VVl1en
the answer was given he said, in good Eng-
lish, as the first time, "Very well? Very

