STAR OF THE WEST 
dation? Why make it the cause of darkness
and gloom? Assuredly it is a thousand pities
that the cause of such a glorious reality should
become the cause of degradation and hatred.
"It was at a time of great darkness that His
Holiness appeared in Persia,
summoning all to love and friendship. Now,
in Persia, Iews, Christians, Zoroastrians and
other contending -religionists who heard the
words of are living in the ut-
most state of love and reciprocity.
"This Cause is great and it was at great
cost that strove to spread these
principles in the world. During his life he
was imprisoned, his property was pillaged. He
was separated from his friends and 20,000 of
his followers were martyred. They sacrificed
their lives in the glorious cause of doing away
with imitations and limitations, to this end
that Unity might be established among the
children of men.
"Nations sometimes say, 'We wish to ex-
tend our boundaries!' Consider with me for a
moment, 'What is the earth?' We live for a
few years on its surface and then it becomes
our eternal cemetery. Millions of generations
are buried there. It is the universal graveyard
of humanity. Is it praise worthy to engage
in war for a cemetery--to pillage the Wealth
of nations for an eternal graveyard?
"Praise God, this nation at this time is striv-
ing with all its energy for International Peace.
Rest not from your endeavors until interna-
tional peace become established. This is my
request of you and my earnest hope for you
is that you may always be protected."
After the hymn, "All People That on Earth
Do Dwell," Abdul-Baha pronounced the fol-
lowing benediction in Oriental fashion, with
hands outstretched and upturned: Thou
most kind Lord, this reverent assembly is
calling on Thy name. These souls are seek-
ing Thy good pleasure. They are seeking the
prosperity of the world of humanity. 
Lord, confer upon their souls life evermore.
Lord, forgive their sins and keep them in
Thy protecting shade in both worlds. Lord,
confer upon them Thy great pleasure. All
are servants of international Peace, all are
servants of humanity. Thou art The Merci-
ful, The Generous, The Forgiver, The Al-
mighty, The Praiseworthy!"
Afterward, in the vestry, Abdul-Baha wrote
the following beautiful blessing for the Rev.
Donald Fraser. He inscribed it in Persian in
the church book: Thou Kind Almighty,
confirm Thou this servant of Thine, Mr.
Fraser, in the service of Thy Kingdom. Make
him illumined; make him heavenly; make him
spiritual; make him divine! Thou art the
Generous, the King!"
 
ABDUL-BAHA
BY ISABEL
REMARKABLE cosmopolitan gathering
A filled the large hall at the Westminster
Palace Hotel, Friday evening, Decem-
ber 20th, to listen to an address by Abdul-
Baha. His topic was one that is agitating
many of the thinking minds of today--the vast
subject of Peace.
Sir Thomas Barclay was in the chair, and
among the audience were scientists, diplomats,
leaders of the great movements of the day,
including a number of Orientals. So great
was the overflow that many were compelled to
sit on the floor and a fringe standing at the
outer edge extended out into the hall.
himself, endured a forty-years' in
Abdul-Baha (Servant of God), as he calls
the cause of peace, by virtue of which he has
been called "the world's greatest peace advo-
cate." The world has seldom given heed to
its Divine messengers during their lives, but
it is impossible not to feel that Abdul-Baha is
IN LONDON.
FRASER.
carrying conviction to the eager thousands
who listen to his inspired words--words which
convey a subtle but unmistakable promise for
the future. He made us all feel the first stir-
ring birth pang of a deeper peace than the
world had ever known--the peace which
Abdul-Baha expounded and which he declares
is the wor1d's heritage today.
INTRODUCTION BY SIR BARCLAY.
I am not here really to speak but to listen
as a Western European deeply interested in
Persia, in Persian thought and in Persian lit-
erature and glad of an opportunity to do honor
to a venerated Persian. Abdul-Baha is known
far beyond the immediate ranks of Bahais,
known not only for his own sake, but also as
the accredited Messenger of the Bahai teach-
ing. Persia has been a fatherland of religions,
but the Revelation of is a sys-
tem of thought and conduct.

