STAR OF THE WEST ll
passes through the same phases, and that every
given phenomenon epitomizes the others. An
old philosophic statement in Arabic declares
that "all things are involved in all things."
You will readily agree that all phenomena
are nothing more 11or less than aggregate ex-
pressions of single elements, and a given cellu-
lar element has its coursings or journeyings
through various stages, or myriad stages, of
life.
For example, the cellular elements which
have gone into the makeup of the human or-
ganism at one time were in the vegetable king-
dom; at another time in the animal kingdom;
and, prior to that, in the mineral kingdom.
They have ever been subject to transferences
from one state of being, or life, to another.
They have gone through myriad forms and
phases, and in every form exercise special
functions. The journeyings of phenomena are
continuous. Therefore, every phenomenon you
can see is expressive of the other phenomena.
The difference is one of transferences and the
length of time for processes.
For example, it has taken a certain time for
this cellular element in my hand to go through
the various processes of metabolism. At one
time this cellular element was in the mineral
kingdom, and it had its various changes and
transferences in the mineral state. Then it
was transferred to the vegetable kingdom, and
there in the vegetable kingdom it possessed
various grades and stations. Finally, it reached
the animal kingdom, and in the animal king-
dom it presented itself i11 various forms of ani-
mal organisms and in the form of man in the
human kingdom. Thus it has its transferences
and its coursings. Again, it reverts to its
primordial elemental state, namely, the mineral.
Thus it is subject to infinite journeyings, as it
were, from one to another, experiencing every
stage of being and life. When it appears in
any distinct form or image, it has its oppor-
tunities, virtues and functions.
In the mineral kingdom it was possessed of
certain mineral virtues. In the vegetable king-
dom it presented vegetable virtues or qualities.
In the animal kingdom it presented animal
virtues--the senses. In the human kingdom
it is imbued with certain qualities peculiar to
the human state.
Hence, it becomes evident that every single
element of phenomena is subject to transfer-
ences in myriad forms and manners, and in
every form it has its peculiar virtue. Thus it
becomes evident that phenomena, fundament-
ally, are one; that is to say, existence is fun-
damentally one.
If all phenomena in existence are possessed
of that oneness, how much more should man
possess that oneness in its state of idealism?
It is evident that ideality, as regards one-
ness, is expressed only in the human kingdom.
Verily, the origin of material life or exist-
ence is oneness, and its termination is the
self-same oneness.
With all this fundamental unity of all phe-
nomena, is it becoming of the world of human-
ity (which fundamentally is one) ever to wage
war, or entertain strife?
Man is the noblest of creatures. He is pos-
sessed of the mineral virtues in his body. He
ispossessed of the vegetable virtues, to-wit:
the virtue augmentative, the power of growth.
In the animal kingdom he presents certain
qualities, or functions, peculiar to the animal
state, because he is possessed of sensibilities
plus the human qualities, and that is a sound
mind.
Considering this great oneness, is it behoov-
ing that man should ever think of strife and
sedition? Is it meet that he should wage any
War when all phenomena are at peace and in-
terdependent? All the elements are at peace.
Is it meet that man, who is the noblest of
creatures, should remain ferocious? God for-
bid such a state!
Consider, when these contingent elements en-
joy a state of commingling, or fellowship, then
the result is life. It is freshness; it is ra-
diance; it is comfort; it is composure, and con-
ducive to life.
Just now, these phenomena, which you ob-
serve here and there, are all at peace. The
sun is at peace with the earth upon which it
shines. The are -at peace with the
trees. The elements are at peace. Wheii the
least injury attacks them, when the least in-
harmony and discord occur among them, do
you know what happens? You will have the
San Francisco earthquake and fire. That is
the result of war among the elements. Iust
a little quarreling will result in a big fire, such
as you had in San Francisco a few years ago,
and all its attendant losses.
This is in the mineral kingdom. Then con-
sider what will be the result of discord, sedi-
tion and war in the human kingdom, a superior
kingdom of creation. How great will be the
attendant catastrophes! This is especially so
when we regard the fact that man is endowed
by God with mind and intellect. Verily, mind
is the noblest gift of God. Verily, it is a fac-
ulty which is an effulgence of God. This is
manifest and self--evident.
For instance, consider how all phenomena

