STAR OF THE WEST 7
love as he murmured a tender word to each
one.
The children thought they were dismissed,
but he made them still more happy by taking
them all into Lincoln park to be photographed
with him.
Abdul-Baha then expressed a desire to walk
alone and strode majestically away, with his
hands clasped behind him. All eyes followed
him. He walked over to the noble Lincoln
statue nearby and for a few moments stood
gazing up at it, making a remarkably im-
1
the place where Abdul-Baha had so abund-
antly blessed them, or, p-erhaps, with the hope
that some further expression of his love tor
them might be forthcoming ere they returned
to their homes; nor were some of them dis-
appointed, for, as he came toward a group of
little ones under the trees, he gathered them
in his arms and submitted to another photo-
graph.
This glimpse of Abdul-Baha with the chil-
dren of the friends in Chicago, would not
"You are all my children, you are my spiritual children."
pressive and significant lonely
figure of our immortal Lincoln gazing down
upon him who is today giving to the world
spiritual emancipation.
Many of the children lingered under the
trees or played upon the grass in the glorious
spring sunshine, seemingly reluctant to leave
be complete without reference to the beau-
tiful photograph of him and little M-usette
Iones, reproduced on page 2 of this issue. It
was taken in his suite of rooms at The Plaza.
A copy oi it was later presented to him and
over her heart he wrote the word "Rouhieh,"
meaning Spiritual.

TABLET FROM ABDUL--BAI-IA TO THE FRIENDS IN CHICAGO.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, May 13, 1912, New" York City.
YE beloved friends of Abdul-Baha!
0 Two days ago, through the protec-
tion and providence of the Blessed Per-
fection, I reached New Y-ork. Since my ar-
rival I have met the friends of God and as-
sociated with them.
The minister of the Unity Church in Mont-
clair, New Jersey, repeatedly invited me to
address his congregation. Therefore, yes-
terday I went to Montclair and spoke befiore
an audience composed of many hundreds of
people. Truly, I say, the minister, the dea-

