STAR OF THE WEST 19
your faces are turned to the Kingdom of God.
I hope that all of these degrees may be
reached and the friends attain a station which
shall be an example for all the friends in the
world. May the Love of God spread from
here elsewhere; may the knowledge of God
be sent broadcast from this place; may the
spiritual forces become effective here; may
the lights of the Kingdom shine; may intelli-
gent souls be found here so that with all
power they may be occupied in the service of
God, serving the oneness of the human world
and the cause of the "Most Great Peace." May
they be lighted candles, fruitful trees; may
they be the pearls of the shells of Providence;
may they be stars of heaven. This is my
supplication to God. This is my request from
the Beauty of ABHA, that He may submerge
all of you in the sea of His grace.
(Afterward, speaking of uumbers being lucky
or unlucky, as thirteen seated
at table, etc.)
Such suppositions regarding numbers being
lucky or unlucky are purely imaginary. The
superstition concerning thirteen, of course,
had its origin in the fact that His Holiness
Jesus Christ was surrounded by twelve dis-
ciples and that Judas Iscariot was the thir-
teenth member of their gathering. This is the
source of the superstition, but it is purely
imaginary. Although Judas outwardly was
a disciple, yet in reality he was not. Twelve
is the original number of significance. Jacob
had twelve sons, from whom descended twelve
tribes. The disciples of Jesus were twelve.
The imams of Mohammed were twelve. The
zodiacal points are twelve; the months of the
year are twelve, etc., etc.
(As to certain dates in the Book of Daniel.)
The mysteries of the Holy Bible have be-
come apparent in the Manifestation of 
Before He appeared, these mys-
teries were not understood. 
has opened these ~mysteries. It was my wish
to come here today to have this meeting.
ADDRESS BY ABDUL-BAHA AT CENTRAL CONGRE-
GATIONAL CHURCH, BROOKLYN (REV. S.
PARKES CADMAN, PASTOR), JUNE 16, M.
Stenographic Notes by Miss Esther Foster.
mtrnonucrton BY REV. s. PARKES CADMAN.
dear friends and fellow members,-
God's family should like to say that
it is with great pleasure I ask Abdul-
Baha to speak to us tonight.
Christian people ca11 afford to be absolutely
free, not tolerant--I do not care for that
word--but free and catholic in their extension
of liberty and courtesy to other people. I
believe it to be eminently proper for this to
be the casewould invite
a Hebrew brother and a Catholic brother to
come here and let each interpret his creed
to me.
Abdul-Baha our Elder Brother comes to us
from the far East which has always been
the of the world's greatest religions,
that he may speak to us as God has spoken
to him, and I will leave you in the hands of
this visitor whom we are proud to have
with us. 
ADDRESS ABDUL--BAHA.
This is a goodly temple and congregation,
for-Praise be to God!--this is a temple
wherein conscience has free sway. Every re-
ligion a11d every religious aespiration may be
freely voiced and expressed here. Just as in
the world of "politics there is need for free
thought likewise in the world of religion there
should be the right of unrestricted opinion.
Consider what a vast difference exists be-
tween democracy and the old forms of
despotism. Under a despotic government
the opinions of men are not free,
whereas in democracy, because thought
and speech are not restricted, the great-
est progress is made possible. It is like-
wise so in the world of religion. When free-
dom of conscience, liberty of thought and
right of speech is to say, when
every man according to his idealization may
give utterance to his own beliefs--development
and growth are inevitable. Therefore this is
a blessed church because its pulpit is open to
every religion and its ideals may be conveyed
to the congregation with openness and the
greatest liberty. For this reason I am most
grateful to the Reverend Doctor, for I find
him to be a servant of the oneness of
humanity.
The Holy Manifestations who have been
the sources or heads of the various religious
systems are all united and agreed. For ex-
ample, His Holiness Abraham, 1/loses, Zoroas-
ter, Buddha, Jesus, Mohammedspirit and teaching.
Moreover each Prophet has fulfilled the one
who came before him and announced the
appearance of the one who would follow. Con-
sider how His Holiness Abraham foretold the
coming of Moses, and Moses sanctioned this
Abrahamic statement. His Holiness Moses

