8 STAR OF THE WEST
God is kind to all. He considers all as His
servants. He does not exclude anybody, and
the policy of God is the correct and just
policy. No matter how complete human policy
and foresight be, it is imperfect. If we do
not emulate the policy of God, or if we re-
fuse to follow His dictates, that will be a
presumptive evidence of our saying, as it were,
that we know better than God; that we are
knowing and wise, whereas God is ignorant;
that We are sagacious, and God is not. God
forbid! We seek shelter in God's Mercy
therefor! No matter how far the human in-
telligence shall advance, it is still as a drop,
whereas the Divine Omniscience is the very
Ocean. And now is it just for us to say that
a drop is imbued or endowed with qualities
wherewith the ocean itself is minus or not en-
dowed? To say that the policy of the atom
or the drop is greater and superior to that of
the Ocean? There is no greater ignorance than
this! At most it is this: That there are
some people who are as children. They are
ignorant, and with the utmost love are we to
educate them in order that they may become
wise. They are sick; they are ill. We must
tenderly care for them and treat them until
they become Well. Their morals are unpraise-
worthy. We must train them in order that
they may become imbued with morals com-
mendable. Otherwise we are all the servants
of One God, and we are beneath the Pro-
tection and Providence of One God. These
are the Institutes of God and the Foundations
of the Mashrak--el-Azkar, or His Temple. The
outer edifice is a symbol of the inner. May
the people be admonished thereby! I pray in
your behalf, that your hearts may be enlight-
ened with the Light of the Love Of God;
that your minds may develop daily; that
your spirits may be set aglow with the fire of
l-Iis Glad-Tidings; until the Divine Founda-
tions in the human world may become pro-
mulgated. And the first of these institutes is
the Oneness of the Human World and Love
among all mankind, and secondly is the Most
Great Peace. Praise be to God, this American
Democracy presents capacity, showing forth
their readiness to become the flag--bearer of
the Most Great Peace. May they be the hosts
of the oneness of humanity. May they serve
the Threshold of God and spread that which
is the good pleasure of God!
Prayer.
Thou Kind Lord! This gathering is
turning to Thee. The hearts are radiant
through Thy love. The thoughts and the
spirits are exhilarated through Thy G1ad-Tid-
ings. God! Let this American Democracv
become glorious in spiritual degrees even as
it has aspired to the material degrees, and
render this just government victorious! Con-
firm this revered nation to hoist the standard
of the Oneness of Humanity; to promulgate
the Most Great Peace; to become thereby
most glorious and praiseworthy among all the
nations of the world. God! This Ameri-
can nation is worthy of Thy Favors and is
deserving of Thy Mercy. Make it dear, near
to Thee, through Thy Bounty and Bestowall
Anrmass or ABDUL--BAHA AT THE DEDICATION
or THE GROUNDS
CHICAGO, HIGH Noon, MAY 1, 1912.*

O-DAY you have endured considerable
difficulty in coming out, withstanding the
cold and wind; but the Power which has
gathered you here is truly a colossal Power.
It is the extraordinary Power. It is a Divine
Power which gathers you hither. It is the
Divine Favor of which gathered
you together. Therefore We praise God that
this Power does assemble people in this
fashion.
Thousands of Mashrak-cl-Azkars, which
mean the Dawning-Points of Praise for all
religionists, will be built in the world. In the
Orient and in the Occident of the world will
they be built. But this Mashrak-el-Azkar,
being the first one in the Occident, has
great importance. In after years there Will
be many Mashrak-el-Azkars, even in this City
of Chicago there shall be numerous ones es-
tablished. In Asia there shall be many. In
Europe there shall be many. Even in Africa
there will be many. Even in Australia and
New Zealand; but this is of great importance.
In Ishkabad, Caucasus, Russia, the Mashrak-
el-Azkar has the same great importance, being
the first one built there. In Persia there are
many Mashrak-el-Azkars. Some have been
houses which have been rented for that pur-
pose. Others have given their homes entirely
for that purpose, and in some places temporary
and small places have been built therefor. In
all the cities of Persia there are Mashrak-el-
Azkars; but the great Mashrak-el-Azkar was
founded in Ishkabad. Because it is the first
Mashrak-el--Azl<ar, hence it possesses the
superlative degree of importance. All the
friends of Ishkabad agreed and put forward
*Trans1ated by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed and taken
stenographically by Joseph H. Hannen.

