STAR OF THE WEST 9
had enemies like Nasser-Ed-Din and Abdul
Hamid, two powerful kings; but all of these
people, through the power of the Kingdom of
ABHA, have vanished and disappeared from
the face of the earth and today the Banner
of the Covenant is unfurled and waving over
all the races.
Upon ye be 
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
ABDUL-BAHA, THE CENTRE OF THE COVENANT.
BY CHARLES MASON REMEY.
BDUL-BAHA, the exponent and leader of
A the Bahai movement, who is now in
America, arrived in New York on the
eleventh of April of this year.
Never before has any Eastern teacher re-
ceived such a warm welcome in America as has
been accorded to Abdul-Baha. Not only have
the hearts of Abdul-Baha's followers and
friends in this country gone out toward him in
the greatest of love, but a multitude of people
have arisen and have warmly and heartily
espoused the principles of international, inter-
racial and interreligious brotherhood which
Abdul-Baha is teaching and demonstrating to
the world.
During Abdul-Baha's recent visits to New
York, Boston, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Cleve-
land, Chicago, Wasliington and other cities,
thousands have crowded to see and to hear
him, and these people have been gladdened by
the joy of the Lord which Abdul-Baha radiates
so bounteously to all who allow themselves to
come within the magnetic field of his great love
for all humanity.
In these days of the foundation of the reign
of Peace upon earth, the hearts of the people
in general are being subconsciously awakened
and spiritually drawn to seek the spirit of
u11ity and harmony. Therefore when the
Lord's Messenger comes with the glad tidings
of Peace it is to be expected that the souls of
the many who are seeking that Peace should
be attracted by his spirit, joyfully receive his
teachings and follow in his path.
Abdul-Baha has received no greater hospital-
ity than that accorded him by the clergy in
America. Pulpits in so many churches have
been opened to him that on account of the
time it has been possible for him to accept
comparatively few of these invitations to ad-
dress religious congregations. The doors of
various secular societies and associations have
also been opened to Abdul-Baha and in many
conferences he has voiced the message of the
Peace of the Covenant of which his life of
service is the Center.
Only four years ago Abdul-Baha was com-
pleting his fortieth year in the prison of Akka
in the Holy Land, where he had been incar-
cerated by the former despotic Turkish gov-
ernment because of this progressive Bahai
Message of Peace and Brotherhood. Now all
this is changed. I-n Turkey Constitutionalism
has taken the place of despotism, and Abdul-
Baha has come out from his prison to the West
to establish the Unity of the Covenant of God.
Many people have been drawn to Abdul-
Baha by a spiritual force which they could not
explain; a force which affected them so deeply
as to make them observe that a change had
been produced in their very souls. These
people are now realizing the reason why Abdul-
Baha's presence and words have a spiritual
effect that no other man's presence nor words
have. This is because he stands in his mission,
quite distinct from other men. In his life of
service to mankind is centered the great power
of the Divine Covenant.
The Covenant of God has ever been the
source of man's spiritual enlightenment in past
ages; it is the source of his spiritual enlighten-
ment in this present day, and it will be the
source of his spiritual enlightenment during
the ages to come.
Through Abraham God made a Covenant
which was fulfilled and renewed by Moses, and
in like manner by the Christ, Mohammed, and
the Bab who was the immediate forerunner of
the founder of the Covenant of
this present day.
All of the prophets and mouth-pieces of God
heralded the coming of the great latter day
Messiah, "The Ancient of Days," who would
found and establish God's Kingdom of Peace
and Unity upon earth. is that
Promised One. He is the fulfillment of the
Covenant made through the prophets of the
past. He has brought the Kingdom of Peace
upon earth, and as the point of guidance for
the further establishment of His Kingdom, He
appointed His beloved son Abdul-Baha to be

