8 STAR OF THE WEST
upon man. They would have considered Him
the very Saviour of man; but alas! they were
veiled and held to imitations and did not inves-
tigate the Reality. They were submerged in the
sea of superstitions and were deprived of wit-
nessing that Glorious Bounty, and were hin-
dered from the fragrances or breaths of the
Holy Spirit, and suffered in themselves the
greatest debasement and degradation. There
are many religions, denominations, various pe-o-
ples and different opinions in the World today;
but Reality is one. Why should there b-e these
differences? Because they do not investigate
the fundamental unity. If they investigate or
examine the Reality, they shall be agreed and
united. For Reality is indivisible. It is not
multiple. Hence it will become evident that in
man there is nothing of greater import than
the investigation of Truth.
The $econd Teaching of is the
Oneness of the world of humanity. That is
to say, all humanity is the Servant of God. All
have been reared in the lap of the Favors of
God. All have been blessed with the Bounties
of the same Sun. All have quaffed to satisfac-
tion or repletion from the Fountain of God,
and all in His estimation are equal as servants.
He is kind to all. Hence no man should prefer
himself to another man, or express pride to-
wards another. No man should scornfully con-
sider another. No man should deprive another
man. All must be considered as submerged in
the sea of. God's Mercy. With the greatest
kindliness and gentleness he must associate
with humanity in general. With his heart he
must love all. At most the conditions are
these: Some are ignorant; they must be train-
ed, educated. One is sick; he must be healed.
One is as a child; he must be help-ed to attain
maturity. We must not detest him who is sick.
We must not scorn or curse him. We must
not shun him. But rather with the utmost
kindness and tenderness must he be cared for.
Likewise the infant must not be treated with
disdain just because it is an infant. It must
be reared and trained, educated, in order that
it may develop and advance and attain ma-
turity. This is the second principle laid down
by 
The third Principle laid down by 
o'r the third Teaching concerning that Prin-
ciple, is that Religion and Science are corre-
spondents. Every religion which is not in ac-
cordance with established science is supersti-
tion. Religion must be reasonable. If it be
not reasonable, it is superstition, and has no
foundation. It is like a mirage which deceives
man by leading him to think that it is a body
of Water. God has endowed man with reason
that he may perceive. If we state that such
and such a subject is not to be reasoned out
and tested according to the established logic
of the intellect, then what is the use of the
reason which God has given man? Although
the is the perceiving organ in order that
it may differentiate colors, the hearing is a fac-
ulty of distinction in order that it may distin-
guish v-oices, taste is a sense of perception so
that it may sense the various properties of ob-
jects, such as bitter, sweet, and otherwise, the
sense of smell is for the purpose of differentia-
tion in order that it may deduce the various
odors and distinguish or differentiate one from
the other; yet the circle of the perceptions of
the five senses is exceedingly limited. But the
intellectual faculty of man is unlimited in its
circle or sphere. The can see details at
b-est a mile, but the intellect can perceive the
East and the West. The ear can hear modula-
tions of a tone at a distance of say 1,000 feet
at most; but the intellect of man can discover
astronomical verities in the very firmarnents. It
works subterranean in geological discover-
ies. It can discover things in the seventh
stratum of the earth. All the traces which
we observe, the products of invention, are the
results of intellectual investigation. All the
sciences and arts are the pro-ducts of the in-
tellect. All the crafts and things which have
been produced by craftsmanship are things
which have been produced by the intellect.
Hence one can see that within the human
organism, the human being, the intellect holds
supreme station. Now, if a religious rule or
principle b-e not reasonable, surely it is super-
stition! his is the Third Principle which I
have illustrated, and the other principles I shall
illustrate at another time. I intended speaking
of another subject this afternoon, but some of
the ladies asked me if I would not explain the
Principles of this Movement, hence I began the
discussion of the Teachings of 
In issue 0. 3 we stated it was our plan to devote this issue to the visit of Abdul-Baha in New York
City and vicinity. The labor of compiling the interviews and addresses and preparing them for publica-
tion has taken considerable time and thereby delayed in reaching us. We expect to begin their pub-
lication in issue No. 7.
he Editors.

