STAR OF THE WEST 15
Angeles arrived at the cemetery Inglewood.
The p-lace is charming, the meadows are green
and there are many trees. Abdul-Baha silently
walked ahead of the friends and he was fol-
lowed reverently by them. There are many
flower beds and the fragrance thereof reached
the nostrils. Most of the friends carried bou-
quets of flowers in their hands. After arriving
at the grave, Abdul-Baha scattered his flowers
and then one after another of the friends gave
him their bouquets and he divided them and
scattered them over the grave. Then Abdul-
Baha, standing at the head of the grave and
raising his hands toward heaven, uttered the
following prayer 
Prayer.
my God! my God! Verily, this is a
servant of Thine, who did believe on Thee
and in Thy signs; verily he hearkened to Thy
summons, turned to Thy Kingdom, humbled
himself at Thy holy threshold, was possessed
of a contrite heart, arose to serve Thy cause,
to spread Thy fragrances, to promote Thy
word, and to expound Thy Wisdom.
Verily he guided the people to Thine an-
cient pathway, and led them to Thy way of
rectitude. Verily he held the chalice of guid-
ance in his right hand and gave unto those
athirst to drink of the cup of favor. He pre-
sented himself at Thy lofty threshold, where he
laid his brow on the fragrant soil of Thy
garden and circumambulated Thy all-glorious
and sublime abode, the traces of which are
wide-spread and the fragrances of whose
loyalty are sensed everywhere. Later he re-
turned to these vast and extensive countries
and proclaimed Thy Name amongst the people,
until his respiration ceased and his outward
sensation was suspended, returning to Thee
with a heart throbbing with Thy love and with
an opened to Thy direction.
Lord! Lord! Submerge him in the
ocean of Thy glory. Lord! Lord! Usher
him into Thy delectable garden. Lord!
Lord! Usher him into Thy lofty paradise
and cause him to be present in Thy meeting
of transfiguration. Lord! Submerge him
in the ocean of Thy lights.
Verily, Thou art the Clement! Verily, Thou
are the Merciful, the Precious, the Omnipo-
tent!
Then after the prayer he spoke as follows:
"Mr. Chase was of the blessed souls. The best
time of his life was spent in the path of God.
had no other aim except the good pleasure
of the Lord and no other desire except the
attainment to the Kingdom of God. During
his lifetime he bore many trials and vicissi-
tudes, but he was very patient and long-
suffering. He had a heart most illuminated, a
spirit most rejoiced; his hope was to serve
the world of humanity; during the days of his
life he strove as much as he never
failed--until he witnessed the lights of the
Kingdom of ABHA, and he was guided by the
lights of Guidance. He summoned the people
to the religion of God; he suffered them to
enter into the Kingdom of God; he wrote
books and epistles regarding the proofs and
evidences of the Manifestations of 
In reality he has left behind him certain signs
which will never be forgotten throughout ages
and cycles. In reality this personage was
worthy of respect. This personage is worthy
of having the friends visit his grave. The
traces of this personage will ever shine. This
is a personage who will not be forgotten. For
the present his worth is not known but in
the future it will be inestimably dear. His
sun will ever be shining, his stars will ever
bestow the light. The people will honor this
grave. Therefore, the friends of God must
visit this grave and on my behalf bring flowers
and seek the sublimity of the spiritual station
for him and have the utmost consideration for
the members of his family. This personage
will not be forgotten."
Mima Ahmad .S'0hrab.
TRIBUTE TO THORNTON CHASE FROM BROOKLYN, N. Y.
HE report of the illness of Brother Chase
I reached us after his spirit had ascended
to the Supreme Concourse. Not aware
of his departure, a number of the friends met
at 935 Eastern Parkway to pray for the de-
scent of the Divine Confirmations upon this
blessed and faithful servant of the Heavenly
Kingdom. It was a holy gathering, sanctified
as we now know by the spirit of the attained
one, forever free from the prison of the mortal
body. Truly the benediction of his life, words
and works haloed the meeting. Verily his
spirit is still moving, his voice still upraised in
the Cause of God.
On October 16th, the Nineteen Day Feast of
Ilm was celebrated at the same Bahai home.
Fifty of the heavenly companions were present
and services commemorating the beloved
brother were held. Tablets of 
and Abdul-Baha were read and the invocation

