STAR OF
He finally raised the banner of truth and the
oneness of human kind. I was forty years a
prisoner until the Young Turks of the Com-
mittee of Union and Progress overcame the
despotism of Abdul Hamid, dethroned him and
proclaimed liberty. Then the Committee of
Unity and Progress set me free from oppres-
sion. Were it not for the Committee of Unity
and Progress I should have been in prison
until the days of my life were ended. The
purportis this,--that in prison
was able to hoist the banner of peace although
two despotic kings were l-lis oppressors. The
king of Persia Naser-Ed-Din-Shah had killed
twenty thousand Bahais. These in
absolute severance and detachment, with the
utmost willingness offered their lives for their
faith. These two kings could not withstand
a prisoner; this prisoner upraised the banner
of human kind and caused the people of the
Orient to agree. Now in the Orient only
those who have not followed are
still in enmity; but the people of the nations
who have followed enjoy a con-
dition of fellowship and amity. Were you
to attend a meeting, you could not distinguish
between the Christian and the Musselman;
you would not know who was a ]ew, Zoroas-
trian or Buddhist; they all associate with one
another in the state of utmost love as if they
belonged to one family; as if they were one
people.
it
TALK GIVEN BY ABDUL-BAHA AT 309 l/V. 78TH
Sr, NEW YORK CITY, JUNE 20, I912.
Notes by I-Ioward MacNutt.
AM about to leave the city for a few days
I rest at Montclair. When I return it is my
wish to give a large Feast of Unity. A
place for it has not yet been found. It must
be outdoors under the trees, in some location
away from city noises; like Persian garden.
The food will be Persian food. When the
place is arranged all will be informed and we
will have a general meeting in which hearts
will be bound together, spirits blended and a
new foundation for unity established. All the
friends will come. They will be my guests.
They will be as the parts and members of one
body. The spirit of life manifest in that body
will be one Spirit. The foundation of that
temple of unity will be one foundation. Each
will be a stone in that foundation, solid and
interdependent. Each will be as a leaf, blos-
som, or fruit upon one tree. For the sake of
fellowship and unity I desire this Feast and
spiritual gathering.
THE WEST 
Whatsoever is conducive to unity is merci-
ful -and from the Divine Bounty itself, Every
universal affair is Divine. Everything which
conduces to separation and estrangement is
satanic because it emanates from the purposes
of self. Consider how clearly it is shown
in creation that the cause of existence is unity
and cohesion and the cause of non-existence
is separation and dissension. By a Divine
Power of creation the elements assemble to-
gether in affinity and the result is a com-
posite being. Certain of these elements have
united and man has come into existence.
Certain other combinations produce plants and
animals. Therefore this affinity of the in-
animate elements is the cause of life and be-
ing.. Through their commingling therefore
human affinity, love and fellowship are made
possible. If the elements were not assembled
together in affinity to produce the body of
man, the higher intelligent forces could not
be manifest in the body of man. But when
these elements separate, when their affinity
and cohesion is overcome, death and dissolu-
tion of the body they have builded, inevitably
follow. Therefore afifinity and unity among
even these material elements means life in
the body of man and their discord and dis-
agreement means death. Throughout all crea-
tion, in all the kingdoms, this law is written,
-that love and affinity are the cause of life,
and discord and separation are the cause of
death.
Consider the bodies of all the natural or-
ganisms. Certain elements have gathered and
is the result. The tree, the
man, the fish are due to this attraction and
cohesion which have brought the elements to-
gether. Then a composition or composite be-
ing has resulted. The outcome of certain
grouping for instance, is a mirror, table or
clock, because a cohesive power has mag-
netized and bound their atoms together.
hen that attracting power is withdrawn, dis-
solution.and disintegration follow,--no mirror,
no table or clock trace, no exist-
ence. Hence, cornrningling of the atoms
brings forth a reality, while dispersion or dis-
semination of them is equivalent to non-
existence.
Study the law of affinity among the do-
mestic animals. They manifest fellowship;
they live in flocks and herds the love of
amity is evident among them. Among birds
we see evidences of instinctive fellowship and
love. But the ferocious animals and birds of
prey are just the reverse of the domestic.

