most cordially and said: "You must become
the cause of the illumination of Ireland. In
Persia a woman came to the city of Ardestan
from one of the surrounding villages. She
was made radiant and became a Bahai. She
returned to her home. In one year she was
enabled to ignite forty lamps, but now you
must ignite four thousand lamps in one year.
Praise God, that you enjoy freedom in this
country. There was no freedom in Persia". They
used to kill the Bahais. If a Bahai desired to
teach another, he had to do it with the utmost
precaution." This lady said that in speaking
about the Revelation to the people, many are
afraid of a new religion, saying, "Our old re-
ligion was good enough for our ancestors and
it is good enough for us." The Master said:
"They are like unto those souls who say:
'We don't like fresh flowers but we are satis-
fied with withered and decayed flowers.' De-
cayed flowers do not have sweet fragrance;
their odor is not good; they have no freshness
and charm. The fresher the flower the sweeter
it is and the more charming. If old and de-
cayed flowers were good then the Adamic
flower would have been sufficient. Every new
year needs a new flower, new fruits are neces-
sary, fresh and gentle breezes are needed.
Every new day requires new food, you cannot
partake of the decayed food of yesterday."
Speaking to Miss Jack, Abdul-Baha said:
"Those souls who consider themselves as im-
perfect, they are the people of the Kingdom.
Those persons who prefer themselves above
others are egotists and worshippers of self;
they are deprived of the graces of the Lord
of mankind."
An Englishman, who is an Arabic professor
in London, came with his wife to see Abdul-
Baha, who spoke to him in Arabic about
America: "The American people investigate
everything. Their minds are open, their ears
are listening. They comprehend the Teach-
ings of They are thirsty for
this salubrious water. They are a mighty na-
tion, a noble people. They love the Reality.
They are not limited. They have a vast coun-
try and enjoy all the material blessings. God
has perfected His bounties for them. They
listen to every discussion with dignity, urban-
ity and politeness. If it is in accord with
reason they will accept it, if they do not under-
stand they ask questions. But the Egyptian
people are very prejudiced, they are very dog-
matic." After talking with this Arabic scholar
on many other interesting topics he came out
to the reception room where people were gath-
4 STARTOF THE WEST
ered and gave a wonderful address. It was
on the conformity of all the problems of life
with science and reason. It was most inter-
esting.
In the afternoon a reception was held at
Caxton Hall. There was a large gathering of
people. Abdul-Baha spoke on various subjects
paying a great tribute to the Americans and
emphasizing the love and unity which exists
between the two countries. Then the chair-
man of the meeting made some appropriate
remarks and refreshments were served. The
Master walked back to his apartment. N0
sooner had he arrived than people began to
come.
When they left the apartment Abdul-Baha
told us one of the most thrilling incidents in
the life of how His property
was pillaged; how with eleven others He was
put in prison and later on brought before the
clergy; how they bastinadoed 
how He was threatened with death by the
populace and how at last He was saved from
the claws of these wolves. It was most inter-
esting to hear him speak about these incidents
in the life of of which we know
nothing.
December 18, 1912.
This morning Madame Dreyfus-Barney ar-
rived from Paris, and the question of his trip
to that city was discussed. She looked well
and happy. Then Abdul-Baha delivered an ad-
dress on the spiritual worlds. The address was
very inspiring and eloquent. It conferred
spiritual uplift and exalted our aspirations
above this mundane life. He spoke with Di-
vine authority; his words were born of the
spirit; his utterances created conviction; his
very presence was a heavenly proof.
Professor Browne, who has written so much
on the Bahai Movement, was present at the
meeting and afterward he was called to the
Master's room. "The last time I met you,"
he said, "was twenty-two years ago in Acca
under different environment, but now I have
the pleasure of seeing you in London." Then
discussion commenced in Persian, for Profes-
sor Browne speaks Persian fluently. Many
subjects were discussed: about Persia, history
of the Movement, education of woman, in-
ventions, etc.
Then Abdul-Baha went for a walk. After
walking a few blocks he called a taxi and
Persian friends--drove through the
famous Hyde Park and Regent Park. It was
a rainy day and the streets were not very clean.

