STAR OF THE WEST 3
gator of the reality. I-l'is Holiness Jesus Christ
was the founder of the reality. Likewise, the
rest of the Divine Prophets, were all pro-
mulgators and founders of the reality or the
truth. The second department, in all the di-
vine religions, is the accidental and concerns
the material affairs of human beings. This is
ever subject t-o changes in accordance with
the exigencies of the time, for time is not
always the same, and its expediencies differ.
Consider, in the Mosaic day, there were
ten commandments enacted by him in regard
to murder, which were in accordance with the
exigencies of that time and day; likewise
very severe punishments. For example: An
for an eye; a tooth for a tooth; and it
was the command that if a man should com-
mit theft to the extent of even a small
amount, his hand was to be chopped off. Such
a law was suitable for that time, for the peo--
ple of Israel dwelt in the wilderness, and in
the wilderness, or the Sahara, no other pun-
ishment can be observed. But in. the time of
Iesus Christ, this was not expedient, and His
Holiness Jesus Christ abrogated those com-
mands.
In short, every religion of the different relig-
ions is divisible into two divisions: One
division concerns the morals, which is the es-
sential, and not subject to change or transform-
ation; the other division, which touches human
beings, is the accidental, and changes, in accord-
ance with the exigencies of time. But the na-
tions have forsaken the religion of the Divine
teaching and they have invented certain imita-
tions; and inasmuch as these imitations and su-
perstitions differ, therefore dissensions and dif-
ference have taken place among the religions
and they are constantly at warfare and strife.
If all the religions would refer to the truth or
foundations underlying them, which is the truth
or reality, all would be agreed and united, for
the reality is one. It 'is not multiple nor is it
divisible.
The second principle or teaching of BAHA-
touches the oneness of humanity.
That all humanity is the servant of God, be-
longing to one family. The bestowals of
God encompass all. He has created them all;
He has provided for all; He nurtures all;
He preserves all and to all is kind.
This is the Divine policy, and it is impos-
sible for a human being to lay the founda-
tion for a better policy than that of God.
Hence we must execute the policies of the
glorious God, and that is the oneness of the
world of humanity. We must be kind to all.
Inasmuch as God is kind to all, why should
we be unkind? Inasmuch as all belong to the
same household in this case, why should they
exercise any enmity or strife? Therefore, all
humanity must be loo-ked at with the same
glance, with the same eye; all must be loved;
to all must We be kind. The noblest of men
is he who serves humankind. And he is
nearest the threshold of God who is the least
of the servants of God. The glory and ma-
jesty of man are dependent upon his servi-
tude to humankind and not in the exercise of
enmity or strife.
The third teaching or principal of Bartsfo'
LLAH concerns this mighty fact that religion
and science are correspondents, agreeing with
each other perfectly; for any religious sub-
ject which is not agreeable to science is su-
perstitious and unreasonable, because science
is reality and religion essentially is reality;
therefore the two correspond; and when any
religious question does not correspond with
reason, does no-t agree with science, it is ab-
solute superstition or imagination, and not at
all worthy of the credence of man, for the
opposites or the antithesis of knowledge or
science is superstition. We say it is science
or knowledge in ignorance, and if we say
that religion is opposed to science, then it must
be ignorance, hence religious subjects must
be in accordance with scientific promises-
must be reasonable. If they oppose a rea-
sonable standard of science, they are super-
stitions and not at all worthy of acceptance.
The fourth principal or teaching of
concerns the equality of human-
kind; the readjustment of or equalization of
the economic standards of the time, of the liv-
lihood of humankind. For the poor are in
abject distress, in the greatest need, and in
the greatest misfortune; and that is not
right, that some individual should be en-
throned in luxury, in the greatest wealth,
more than necessary, and some in the lowest
degree of want. This is not Worthy of the
world of humanity.
There is need of an equalization so that all
may have an apportionment in the comforts
of life. For example, the wealthy man, whose
table is adorned with all kinds of delicacies,
must allow the poor to have at least his ne-
cessities. It is not right that one should have
all the delicacies and all foods on his table
when another is in want of the necessities of
life. The rich must be merciful to the poor

