8 STAR OF THE WEST
tant? Because it has become known through-
out the East and the West that the Bahais
wish to build a Mashrak-el-Azkar. It has
found great importance. All ears are waiting
for news coming from Chicago about the
Mashrak-el-Azkar.
The matter of the Mashrak-el-Azlcar does
not depend upon personal endeavor,-it needs
united endeavor. When in Ishkabad the be-
lievers desired to build the Mashrak-el-Azkar,
all the friends centered their attention upon that
place. There was no personality anywhere.
And thus they were able to build.
Quesz'1'01r--Those who assume the direction
of Bahai affairs are often criticized. If a man
has a superior intellect, should he come down
to the station of those who are less capable?
Abdul-Baha--Capacity and privilege in this
Cause are intrinsic. Wliosoever has a greater
power of speech, whosoever has a greater
power of attraction, whosoever has a greater
sincerity, will advance, no matter what hap-
pens. In other movements, positions are like
public offices; but in this Cause the people
advance because of their innate 
because their works echo in the hearts of
men.
In Persia there are many Bahais who are
the center of all the friends. When the
friends of God find that a soul has arisen to
serve the Cause in sincerity, they accept him
with heart and soul. They do not doubt him;
they believe in what he says and consider that
to believe in what he says is to believe in and
to obey God. It is true that all souls are not
equal. Some souls are in high stations of
exaltation,-in the vanguard of the army;
some are in the second rank. This is an
innate Cause. The friends of God must have
utmost consideration for those souls who are
sincere and endeavoring to serve in the Cause.
For example, when we see a man doing
public service, we must have consideration for
him; if he gives a good address, we must
praise him; if he makes wise suggestions,
and if good intentions appear from him, we
must have for him the greatest consideration.
I will relate to you a story, the conclusion
of which you will understand: After the
appearance of the Bab, the disciple who suc-
ceeded Him was called He
was almost worshipped. When His Highness
the Bab had passed away, all hearts turned
to Bab-el-Bab. While His Highness Bab--e1-
Bab was traveling with three hundred and
sixty staunch believers, His Highness Khudus,
who was another great teacher, was as his
his servant. While Bab-el-Bab
sat, Khudus always stood before him. But
one day there came a great change. Khudus
was found sitting and Bab--el--Bab standing
before him. All were astonished. Then His
Highness Bab-el-Bab, addressing the people,
said: did not before know the station of
Khudus. Tonight I realize that I am less
than the dust of his feet." Later he sacrificed
his life in the path of Khudus.
The believers in this city must have the
utmost consideration for each other. None
must try to precede the other. Those souls
who are distinguished among the friends must
receive due consideration.
Questi'0n--D0es not this distinction come
about naturally when one is severed, and is
it not a spiritual distinction rather than intel-
lectual?
Abdul-Baha--Distinction"' is dis-
tinctions are good--distinction of intellect--
distinction of sincerity--all; because distinc-
tion means development.
Q1/zesti0n--Is not distinction dangerous for
the individual?
Abdul-Baha people are in
danger. Man, in whatsoever degree he chances
to be, is in danger. Can you single out a
man who is beyond danger?
We are all servants of the One Threshold.
These remarks are unnecessary. We must
serve this Threshold. This is truth. We
must love each other perfectly. If we are
in such a state, the confirmations of God
will reach us. If other discussions creep in.
there will be a cessation of confirmation. Serv-
ice must be rendered to this Threshold. The
Blessed Perfection has trained
us that we may pass our time in the discus-
sion of things spiritual; that is ideal. 
must be engaged in things conducive to the
onward growth of man. Hence we must pray
that may accept us at His Threshold;
that He may preserve us; that He may usher
us into His Kingdom. This is praiseworthy.
This is essential.
Questi01i--Suppose you reason out some-
thing, and your reason tells you it is true?
In the "Seven Valleys" it is said that when
the "fire of Love becomes ablaze, the harvest
of reason is consumed." How is this?
is not to be taken liter-
ally. It has an inner meaning. It refers to
ordinary reasoning. For example: a soul in
Persia who became a believer endangered his
very life. Now, What would the ordinary
see page 17.--En.

