STAR OF THE WEST 7
He has revealed prescriptions for removing
disease from the body politic and has remedied
human conditions by spiritual power.
Therefore mere knowledge is not suflicient
for complete human attainment. The teach-
ings of the Holy Books need a Heavenly Power
and Divine Potency to carry them out. A
house is not builded by mere acquaintance
with the plans. Money must be forthcoming,
volition is necessary to construct it, a car-
penter must be employed in its erection. It is
not enough to say, "The plan and purpose
of this house is very good; I will live in it."
There are no walls of protection, there is no
roof of shelter in this mere statement; the
house must be actually built before we can
live in it.
Briefly, the teachings of the Holy Books
need a Divine Potency to complete their ac-
complishment in human hearts. In Persia, His
Holiness reared and taught souls,
established a bond of affiliation among various
peoples and united divergent religious beliefs
to such an extent that twenty thousand devoted
ones sacrificed themselves for the Cause of
God in the glorious unity of No
differences whatever remained among these
blessed souls; Christians, Jews, Mohammed-
ans, Zoroastrians, all blended, unified and
agreed through the potency of His Heavenly
Power, not by mere words, not by merely say-
ing, "Unity is good and love is praiseworthy."
His Holiness not only pro-
claimed this unity and love; H-e established it.
As a Heavenly Physician He not only, gave
prescriptions for these ailments of discord and
hatred, but accomplished the actual healing.
We may read in a medical book that a cer-
tain form of illness requires such and s.uch
a remedy. While this may be absolutely true,
the remedy is useless unless there be volition
and executive force to apply it. Every man in
the king's army can give a command, but
when the king speaks, it is carried out. This
one, that one, may say, "Go conquer a coun-
try," but when the king says, the army
advances. Therefore it is evident that the
confirmation of the Holy Spirit and impelling
influence of a Heavenly Power is needed to
accomplish the Divine Purpose in human hearts
and conditions. His Holiness Jesus Christ,
single, solitary and alone accomplished what
all the kings of the earth could not have car-
ried out. If all the kingdoms and nations of
the world had combined to elfect it they would
have failed.
It is therefore evident and proved that an
effort must be put forward to carry out the
purpose and plan of the teachings of God
in order that in this Great Day of Days the
world may be reformed, souls resuscitated, a
new spirit of life found, hearts become il-
lumined, mankind rescued from the bondage
of nature, saved from the baseness of mate-
rialism and attain spirituality and radiance in
attraction toward the Divine Kingdom. This is
necessary; this is needful. Mere reading of
the Holy Books and Texts will not suffice.
Many years ago in Baghdad I saw a certain
officer sitting upon the ground. Before him
a large paper was placed into which he was
sticking needles tipped with small red and
white flags. First he would stick them into
the paper, then thoughtfully pull them out and
change their position. I watched him with
curious interest for a long time, then asked,
"What are you doing?" He replied, have in
mind something which is historically related
o-f Napoleon I during his war against Austria.
One day, it is said, his secretary found him
sitting upon the ground, as I am now doing,
sticking needles into a paper before him. His
secretary inquired what he was doing. Na-
poleon answered, am on the battle-field,
figuring out my next victory. You see, Italy
and Austria are defeated and France is trium-
phant.' In the great campaign which followed,
everything came out just as he said. His army
carried his plans to a complete success. Now,
I am doing the same as Napoleon, figuring out
a great campaign of military conquest." I said,
"Where is your army? Napoleon had an
army already equipped when he figured out his
victory. You have no army. Your forces
exist only on paper. You have no power to
conquer countries. First get ready your army,
then sit upon the ground with your needles."
We need an army to attain victory in the
spiritual world; mere plans are not suflicient;
ideas and principles are helpless without a
Divine Power to put them into effect.
Aside from all this, there is need of the
stimulus of the joy of glad-tidings in human
hearts. Certain spiritual attraction is requisite
in order that hearts may willingly take the
step forward in the Divine Cause. must
become attracted to God. The breaths of the
Holy Spirit must take effect. Unless this is
so it is impossible for the teachings of God
to accomplish in us. An Ideal Power is neces-
sary. The people of America have remarkably
quick perception, intelligence and understanding.
[Continued on page ten]

