ized Persian physician and surgeon, who is a
nephew of Abdul-Baha, and who acted as
interpreter, then told of how Abdul-Baha
spent most of his time on the way across
standing beside the wireless operator, himself
receiving numerous messages through the air
from his followers in America.
Talking to the reporters in his stateroom
aboard the Cedric, Abdul-Baha told of an
incident which occurred i11 the Holy Land
last winter, and it shows what a rare sense of
humor this great World figure has. An en-
quirer, about to set off to Ierusalem, was one
day discussing with Abdul-Baha the subject
of pilgrimage:
'The proper spirit,' said Abdul-Baha in his
quaint way to the enquirer, 'in which to visit
places hallowed by remembrances of Christ,
is one of constant communion with God.
Love for God will be the telegraph Wire, one
end of which is in the Kingdom of the Spirit,
and the other in your heart.'
am afraid my telegraph Wire is broken,'
the enquirer replied.
'Then you will have to use wireless
telegraphy,' I to-Id him," said Abdul--Baha,
laughing heartily.
When the ship was abreast the Statue of
Liberty, standing erect and facing it, Abdul-
Baha held his arms wide apart in salutation,
and said:
"There is the new wo1'ld's symbol of liberty
and freedom. After being forty years a
prisoner I can tell you that freedom is not a
matter of place. It is a condition. Unless
one accept dire vicissitudes he will not attain.
When one is released from the prison of self,
that is indeed a release."
Then, waving adieu to the Statue of Lib-
erty, he continued:
former ages it has been said, 'To love
one's native land is faith.' But the tongue in
this days says. 'Glory is not his who loves his
native land; but glory is his who loves his
kind--humanity.' 
"What is your attitude to-ward woman
suffrage?" asked one of the reporters.
"The modern suffragette is fighting for
what must be, and many of these are willing
to imprisonment for their cause. One
might not approve of the ways of some of the
mo-re militant suffragettes, but in the end it
Will adjust itself. If women were given the
same advantages as men, their capacity being
the same, the result would be the same. In
fact, women have a superior disposition to
4 STAR OF THE 
men; they are more receptive, more sensitive,
and their intuition is more intense. The only
reason of their present backwardness in some
directions is because they have not had the
same educational advantages as men.
"All children should be educated, but if
parents canno-t educate both the boys and the
girls, then it would be better to educate the
girls, for they will be the mothers of the
coming generation. This is a radical idea for
the East, where I come fro-m, but it is already
taking effect there, for the Bahai women of
Persia are being educated along with the
men.
have only to lo-ok about us in nature,-"
Abdul-Baha continued, "to see the truth of
this. Is it not a fact that the females of
many species of animals are stronger and
more powerful than the male? The chief
cause of the mental and physical inequalities
of the sexes is due to custom and training,
which for ages past have molded woman into
the ideal of the weaker vessel.
"The world in the past has been ruled by
force, and man has dominated over woman
by reason of his more forceful and aggressive
qualities both of body and mind. But the
scales are already shifting--force is losing its
weight and mental alertness, intuition, and the
spiritual qualities of love and service, in which
woman is strong, are gaining ascendency.
Hence the new age will be an age less
masculine, and more permeated with the
feminine ideals--or, to speak more exactly,
will be an age in which the masculine and
feminine elements of civilization will be more
properly balanced."
"What is a Bahai?" asked one of the re-
porters.
"To be a Bahai simply means to love all
the world, to love humanity and try to serve
it; to wo-rk for Universal Peace, and the Uni-
versal Brotherhood," replied Abdul-Baha.
The ship now pointed its no-se up the North
River, and, gazing in a look of bewildered
amazement at the rugged sky line of the lo-W-
er city formed by the downtown 
the "Wise Man out of the East," remarked,
pointing at the towering buildings:
"These are the minarets of Western World
commerce and industry, and seem to stretch
these things heavenward in an endeavor to
bring about this Universal Peace for which
we are all working, for the good of the na-
tions and mankind in general.
"The bricks make the house, and if the

