STAR OF THE WEST 19
mothers are the first educators of mankind;
if they be imperfect, alas for the condition of
man!
Again, it is well established in all affairs
where woman has not participated that such
affairs have never attained the stage of per-
fection. History proves this. Every impor-
tant undertaking of the human world wherein
woman has been a participant has attained
importance; even in religion. This is born
out by history and no one can refute it. His
Holiness Jesus Christ had twelve disciples,
one of them a woman known as Mary Magda-
lene. Judas Iscariot had become a hypocrite,
and the remaining eleven disciples after the
crucifixion were dubious and doubtful. The
one who comforted and re--established their
faith was no other than Mary Magdalene. If
you read the gospels carefully, you will de-
tect this. It will become perfectly clear to
you.
Third: The world of humanity consists of
two factors--male and female. If one re-
mains defective, the other necessarily will be
defective; perfection cannot be obtained in
this manner. One member of the body is the
right hand, the other is the left hand. If
either of these shall prove defective, the defect
will naturally extend to the other. Accom-
plishment is complete when both hands are
perfect. If we say that one hand is imperfect,
we prove the inability and incapacity of the
other; for single-handed, there is no complete
accomplishment. Iust as physical accomplish-
ment is complete with two hands, so the two
factors of the social body must be perfect. It
is not allowable that either shall remain de-
fective and until both attain perfection, the
happiness of the human world will not be
assured. If one remains defective, how can
complete happiness be attained? It is im-
possible.
Furthermore, the most important issue of
the day is that which concerns International
Peace and Arbitration; and Universal Peace is
impossible without Universal Suffrage. Chil-
dren are educated by the women. The mother
bears the troubles of rearing the child. She
undergoes the ordeals of birth and training.
Therefore it is most difficult for mothers to
send to the battlefield their dear ones, their
upon whom they have lavished such
love and care. child reared and
trained twenty years by a mother. How many
nights she has passed sleepless; how many
days restless and anxious! With the utmost
difficulty she has brought him to the age of
maturity. How difficult then it is to sacrifice him
upon the battlefield! These mothers therefore
will not sanction war, nor be satisfied with it.
So it will come to pass that when womankind
partake fully and equally in the affairs of the
world-in the great arena of laws and politics
--war will cease; for woman will prove the
obstacle or hindrance to it. This is certain
and without doubt.
Another point needs consideration. It has
been objected by some that woman is not
equally capable with man and that she is by
creation deficient. This is pure imagination.
The difference which exists between man and
woman is a difference due solely to education.
Heretofore woman has been denied equal op-
portunity for education with man. If equal
opportunity for education existed, there is no
doubt woman would be the peer of man. His-
tory will evidence this. In past ages certain
women have stepped into the arena of action
and surpassed men in their accomplishments.
Among them was Zenobia, -Queen of the East,
whose capitol was Palmyra. Today the site of
Palmyra bears witness of her greatness, ability
and sovereignty. Even now the observer can
see ruins of castles and fortifications of the
utmost strength and solidity built by this re-
markable woman, which are matchless in his-
tory. She was the wife of the governor'-
general of Athens. Her husband died and
she assumed the royal diadem in his stead. The
Roman Empire selected her as a governor and
she ruled her province most efficiently.
Afterward she conquered Syria, subdued
Egypt and founded a most wonderful kingdom
with the utmost skill and thoroughness. The
Roman Empire sent a; tremendous army
against her. When this army, replete with the
finest military tactics reached Syria, Zenobia,
herself appeared upon the field leading her
soldiers. On the day of battle she bedecked
herself with variegated garments, placed a
crown upon her head, mounted a horse and
rode forth sword in hand proving herself a
wonderful military commander. By her valor
and courage the Roman army was defeated
and so completely dispersed that they were not
able to reassemble in retreat. The govern-
ment of Rome held consultation, saying "No
matter what commander we send, we cannot
Withstand her. Therefore the Emperor (Aure-
lian), himself, with all his power must go to
withstand Zenobia." The Emperor marched
into Syria with two hundred thousand soldiers.
The army of Zenobia was greatly inferior in
size. The Romans besieged her in Palmyra

