6 STAR OF THE WEST
perchance we may become reflective of that
light, so that the Divine bounties may be fully
revealed through them.
This means the oneness of the World of
humanity. That is to say, when the oneness
of humanity, when this human body-politic
reaches a state of absolute unity, then the
great effulgence of the Eternal Sun will make
its fullest light and heat manifest. Therefore
We must not make any distinctions between
any individual members of the human family.
We must not consider any soul as barren or
deprived. At most our duty lies in educating,
so that the Sun of the bestowal of God will
become resplendent therein, and this is possi-
ble through the power of the oneness of
humanity. The more among mankind love is
expressed and the stronger the power of unity,
the greater will be this revelation, for the
greatest bestowal of God is love. That is the
origin of all the bestowals of God. Until love
takes possession of the heart, no other great
or Divine bounty can be revealed in it.
All the prophets haye striven to make love
manifest in the hearts of men. His Holiness
Jesus Christ endeavored to create this love in
the hearts. He suffered all those difficulties,
all those ordeals, that perchance the human
heart might become the fountainhead of love.
Therefore, we must strive with all our heart
and with all our soul that this love may take
possession of our hearts, so that all humanity,
whether it be in the East or in the We.st may
be connected through the great bond of this
affection, for we are all the waves of one sea;
we have come into being through the same
bestowal, and we are recipients from the same
center.
The lights which exist upon the earth are
all acceptable; but the center of lights is the
sun, and we must direct our gaze to the sun.
The Center, of the Sun, is God. The more
we direct ourselves to this Center of Light, the
greater will be our capacity.
In the Orient there were great differences.
The various peoples hated each other. There
was no association among them. The vari-
ous and>> divergent sects were inimical toward
one another. The different races were at con-
stant warfare until about sixty years ago
appeared from the eastern hori-
zon and He caused love and unity to eyfist
among these various peoples. He united these
peoples with this bond, and their former ani-
mosity and hatred passed away entirely. On
the contrary, love and unity took their places.
It was a dark world; it became radiant. A
new springtime from a new Sun appeared
through Him; and through this new spring-
time there appeared beautiful meadows and
pleasant prairies; variegated flowers of inner
significance bloomed, and' the good fruits of
the Kingdom of God became manifest.
I have come here with this mission; that
through your endeavors, through your heaven-
ly morals, through your earnest efforts, there
may be accomplished a bond of unity between
the East and the West; that a perfect bond
may be established, so that the bestowals of
God may surround all; so that all of you may
be seen to be parts of the same tree, and that
is the tree of the human family. All mankind
may be likened to the branches, the twigs, the
blossoms and the fruits of that tree'.
The favors of God are endless. The infinite
bounties of God have encompassed the Whole
World. We must emulate the bounties of God;
and just as the bounties of God, the bounty of
life, for instance, encompasses and surrounds
all, so likewise we must become connected
together so that each may be a part of the
whole.
Consider; we plant a seed. Therefrom ap-
pears a whole tree, and from each seed of
this tree another tree can be produced; there-
fore the part is expressive of the whole, for
this grain, this seed, Was part of the tree, but
therein potentially was the whole tree. So
each one of us may become expressive or
representative of all the bounties of life. This
is the unity of the world of humanity. This
is the bestowal of God. This is the happiness
of the human world, and this is the mani-
festation of the Divine favor.
OF ABDUL-BAHA AT A GATHERING or
THE BAHAI FRIENDS or New JERSEY AT
Horst. ANSONIA, NEW YORK CITY, TUESDAY
EVENING, APRIL 16, I912.
From Stenographic Notes.
OULS from the East and from the West
have been brought to this spot through
the power of the Holy Spirit. It is im-
possible to bring about such a gathering
through material means. Such a -meeting has
never been established in New York, that
people coming from the farthest corner of the
earth to this country are associated with the
people of America in the utmost love and
unity. This is only through the power of
God. When His Highness the Christ ap-
peared in this world nineteen hundred years
ago to establish the ties of unity and the bonds
of love between the various nations and differ-

