STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9. 1911, at the post oflice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
ALBERT R. Wrnnusr -- EDI ORS -- 
Persian Editor--Mmza AHMAD SOHRAIB, 509 McLach1en Bldg.,Washington,
Associate ZIA M. BAGDADI, Chicago
TERMS: $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Note Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box Z83, Chicago, Ill,, U. S. A.
To personal eheclrs please aclcl sufficient to cover the bani: exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI News SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS con!
Be thou happy]. Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais .wh_ich is organized in the 'country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form 1S Small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith whovare firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness.
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA 
pm
05
F12
F"s

Vol. A A Chicagolgune 24, Rahmat  l\lo. 
ADDRESS BY ABDUL-BAI-IA AT HOTEL SCHENLEY, PITTSBURGH, PA.
MAY 7th, 1912.
HAVE come from the far off Orient to
I visit your country. Surely this continent
is praiscworthy from all directi-ons. The
country is prosperous. The people present
very good manners, and civilization is most
progressive. Therefore I consider it becom-
ing to expound for you an epitome of the
teachings of in order that you
may be informed.
About sixty years ago when there was in
Persia the greatest enmity and dissension and
strife among the various peoples and denom-
inations, and Warfare and strife were rampant
in other parts of the World, His Holiness
appeared in Persia, and began
devoting his time to the education of the peo-
ple generally. He united the various peoples
and divergent sects and nations. He removed
from among the people religious prejudice,
racial prejudice, patriotic prejudice and po-
litical bias. He caused the greatest bond of
unity to be established among the various
peoples.
The enmity then existing among the people
was so great that even ordinary associations
were out of the question. They would not
consult with one another with amity at all.
Through the power of the education of
the result was the contrary, for
just now in Persia there is perfect accord
and amity among different religions, varying
peoples, and divergent sects and denomina-
tions.
But this was not an easy matter.
In a word: b-ore great difficul-
ties along this line. He became imprisoned;
torments were inflicted upon Him. He was
banished from His country, but every ordeal
He bore cheerfully. Ultimately He was en-
abled to promulgate His teachings, even from
prison, and He hoisted the banner of the
oneness of humankind, and promulgated the
oneness of the human World.
Among the teachings of are
the following:
First, it is incumbent upon all humanity to
investigate truth. If investigation be made in
regard to truth all shall be agreed and united,
for truth or reality is not multiple; it is not
divisible. It will be seen that different reli-
gions have one truth underlying them, hence
their truth or reality is one.
To explain: T-he foundations of all the
divine religions are one, for each one of the
divine religions is divisible into two depart-
ments. One is concerned with the moral
world, with the spiritual susceptibilities, with
the animations of the conscience, and that is
essential; that is one, it is the reality, change-
less and not subject to transformation. His
Holiness Abraham was the herald of this
reality. His Holiness Moses was the promul-

