8 STAR OF THE WEST
Sunday the gentle guest, who is a Host in
himself-~the Servant of God, who is Master
of the situation at every for
Chicago. Therefore, with the fragrance of
both gatherings dominant, this brief outline of
historic events will be closed, while the inci-
dents narrated will live forever!
or ABDUL-BAI-IA AT ORIENT--OCCIDENT
UNITY CONFERENCE, PUBLIC LIBRARY HALL,
APRIL 20. 1912?'
ONIGI-IT I am most happy, for I have
presented myself to an audience like unto
this, I am an Oriental and I have come
to meet the 'Westerners, those of the Occident
here in this Assembly. Praise be to God! I see
a group of people here assembled on whose
faces I perceive the light of God. And this I
consider as an evidence of the possibility of
uniting the East and the West; of establishing
a perfect bond between Persia and America.
For it is an evident fact that for the Persians
there is no better country as a contributory
government than America; and for America
there is no better mart than that of Persia, for
there is a virgin soil for her commerce. For
there in Persia all the mineral resources are
still latent beneath the soil, And I hope that
this American democracy may be instrumental
in developing this hidden wealth, and the per-
fect amity and a bond of unity may be estab-
lished between the American Republic and the
Persian Government. Vlfhether it be material
bonds or spiritual bonds, may they both be well
established. May the material civilization of
America find a great efficacy and establishment
in Persia and the spiritual civilization of Persia
find currency in America.
The created beings of this world can some
of them live solitary and alone. For example
trees; each tree single and alone may live its
life without the co-operation of the other
trees. Likewise the animal. It can live soli-
tary and alone. But n1an--it is impossible for
him to live solitary and without co--operation.
Man is verily in need of co-operation and
solidarity. is in need of association and
meeting. Thus through co-operation we find
the happiness of life. To present an instance
of this co-operative basis: If two villages were
to be united on a co-operative basis, if they
should observe intercourse and co--operation,
surely their advancement will be assured.
Likewise if, then, two cities establish co-opcra-
*T'ranslated by Dr. Arneen U. Fareed and taken
stenographically by I-Oseph H. I-Iannen.
tion, surely the two will progress. And if be-
tween two countries intercourse should be firm-
ly established and co-operation should be well
rooted, surely the two will receive mutual bene-
fits and will find great development. And now
this radiant assemblage is the link between the
East and the VVest. It is a cause of bringing
into action the co-operation between the vari-
ous countries. Therefore it becomes evident
and manifest that the results forthcoming from
this co-operative basis are unlimited, are nu-
merous. Surely there shall be great harvests
of good results for the two governments in
question. In the country of Persia there shall
be established material civilization and ad-
vancement, and the doors for American com-
merce will be opened wide. But above and be-
yond all this, there shall be a great love and
a fountain of alfection established between
these two peoples. For His I-Ioliness, 
LLAI-1, proclaimed to the world the solidarity
and oneness of the world of humanity. He
has addressed humanity saying, "Ye are all
leaves of one tree and the drops of one sea."
The world of humanity may be expressed as
one family, and all mankind represents one
human unit--one family. It is therefore hoped
that the American nation, this revered nation
of America, may be united and cemented well
with Persia. May they become one race. May
they have the same susceptibilities. May the
bonds of amity, unity and accord be firm-ly
established. For His Holiness, 
passed forty years of his time in the prison in
order that He might hoist the Banner of the
Oneness of the world of man. bore all
these ordeals and difficulties; He was under
the imprisonment of Abdul I-Iamid; I likewise
was in the prison of Abdul Hamid, until the
Committee of Union and Progress hoisted the
banner of Liberty and exhibited great kindness
and love to me, and those fetters were re-
moved--I was made free. Therefore, thereby
I was enabled to come to this country. Vtiere
it not for this Committee of Union and Prog-
ress I should. not have been able to hasten
hither. Therefore you must all ask assistance
and confirmation in behalf Of that Colnnlittee
of Union and Progress, for it was that com-
mittee which proclaimed the liberty of Turkey.
In short, I have traversed this long distance
and crossed the Atlantic Ocean until I have
reached this continent, and it is my utmost
hope and desire that the utmost amity and
greatest bond of unity may be established be-
tween America and Persia; and it is self-evi-

