STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and dilferences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Chicago (February 7, 1913) Mulk No. 18
FAREWELL ADDRESS OF ABDUL-BAHA TO THE AMERICAN FRIENDS
Delivered on board Steamship Celtic just before sailing from New York City
on the morning of December 5, 1912.
Taken stenographically by Mariam Haney from interpretation of Ish'te'a'1 Ebn-Kalanter.
HIS is my last interview with youthis ship to sail away.
This is my last exhortation wl1ich I am
going to give unto you. My last exhortation
to you is this:
I have repeatedly spoken to you, and I have
invited you to the Unity of the world of
humanity. I have told you that all mankind
are servants of the same God; that God is
the Creator of all; He is the Provider of all;
He is the Life-giver of all; He is affectionate
to all; that before God all are as servants of
one God; and God is compassionate towards
them all. Therefore, we must act in the utmost
kindness and affection towards all the nations
of the world. We must set aside all fanati-
cism and religious prejudices. We must forget
all national prejudices. We must forget all
native prejudices.
This earth is one sphere, one nativity, one
home, and all mankind are the descendants of
one Father. All are created by God, and God
is compassionate unto all. Therefore, if any
one oifends another, he offends God. God
wishes that all the hearts be rejoiced; that
all mankind be in the utmost happiness; that
every individual member of human society
shall live in the utmost felicity and joy. But
that which prevents mankind from being happy
together is racial prejudice, sectional and sec-
tarian prejudice, the struggle for existence,
and unkindness towards one another.
As to you who are present here: Your eyes
have been illumined; your ears have been
made hearing; your hearts are knowing. You
must be free from every kind of prejudice
and fanaticism; you must see no difference
among the races; you must see no difference
among the religions. You must look to God.
For God is the real Shepherd, and all men
are His sheep. This Shepherd is One, and
He is affectionate towards all the sheep.
While the Ideal Shepherd is kind unto all,
is it allowable that these sheep should quarrel
among themselves? Hence all these sheep
must arise in great gratitude and thankful-
ness, for God, the Shepherd, is very kind
unto them; and the best way to thank God is
that all mankind shall love one another and
show great kindness and affection towards
each other.
In a word: Beware lest ye offend any
heart! Beware lest ye speak against any one
in his absence! Beware lest ye estrange
yourselves from the servants of God! You
must consider all the servants of God as your
own kith and kin! Let your whole effort be
directed towards rejoicing every offended one,
towards feeding every one who is hungry,
clothing every one who is without clothing,
glorifying every one who is humbled. Be a
helper to every helpless one and be kind unto
all. This is to gain the good will of God.
This is that which is conducive to eternal
felicity for you. This is conducive to the
illumination of the world of humanity. As I
seek from God eternal glory in your behalf, I
therefore am giving you this exhortation.
You all see what is happening in the Bal-
kans! How human blood is being shed! How
little children are torn into pieces! How
men's properties are pillaged! How cities and
towns are sacked! It is a world-enkindling
fire that is astir in the Balkans! God has
created them as men to love one, another;
but they bleed each other! God has created
them in order that they may co-operate with
each other; but they pillage each other's prop-
erty and shed each other's blood. God has
created them to be the cause of felicity and
peace to one another; but they are causing
trials and hardships unto each other.
As to you: Your efforts must be made
lofty. Exert yourselves with your heart and
soul, so that perchance through your efforts
the Light of Universal Peace may shine, and

