STAR OF THE WEST 9
is not oneness in reality. Among the bonds
of unity is the political bond. How often we
find that certain governments have been polit-
ically bond together, amongst whom there
obtained political intercourse and oneness,
which afterwards was subjected to change and
who arose aga~inst each other on the battle-
field. Thus the oneness of politics is not
sufficient.
That which in the world of existence is the
cause of perfect unity and amity is the one-
ness of reality. If reality enters the arena,
the fundamental reality can conserve the
states, and that reality--oneness of humanity--
is a oneness which can only come into being
through the efficacy of the Holy Spirit, for the
efficacy of the Holy Spirit is like unto the
spirit in the body; it dispels all differences
and it ushers all beneath the same solidarity
and unity. Regard how numerous are the
parts and members of the human organism,
but the oneness of the spirit animating it keeps
its various parts and particles together in
perfect co-ordination and solidarity. It brings
such a unity into the organism that each
member, were it to be subjected to any injury
or were it to become diseased, all the other
members would sympathetically suffer, due to
the perfect unity existing. Hence, it becomes
evident that the oneness of reality-perfect
amity amongst mankind--cannot be accom-
plished save through the power of the Holy
Spirit, for the World of humanity is likened
to the body and the Holy Spirit is likened to
the animus of that body; just as the human
spirit is the cause of the cohesion of the
various parts of the human Organism, like-
wise the Holy Spirit is the cause of the unity
and amity of all mankind.
Hence, we must strive in order that the
power of the Holy Spirit may become effective
throughout all humanity, in order that it may
confer a new life upon the body politic, that
all of the body politic may be ushered beneath
the shelter of the same Word. Then the
world of humanity shall become the world
angelic, the ethereal darkness shall pass away
and celestial illumination shall take its place;
the defects of the human world shall be erased
and the virtues Divine shall become resplend-
ent, and this is unobtainable save through the
power of the Holy Spirit. Hence, today the
greatest need of the world of humanity is for
the efficacy of the Holy Spirit. Until the
Holy Spirit becomes effective, interpenetrating
the hearts and spirits, and until perfect, reason-
able faith shall obtain in the minds of men, it
is impossible for the social body to be in-
spired with security and confidence. Nay, on
the contrary, day by day enmity and strife
shall increase among men and the differences
and divergences of the nations shall augment;
day by day additions to armies and navies of
the world shall be made, and great is the fear
of the great pandemic war, the war unparal-
leled in history, for armaments which hereto-
fore have been so limited are now becoming
amplified on a grand scale. It is becoming
severe, drawing nigh unto the degree of men
warring upon the seas, warring upon the
plains, nay, rather, warring in the very atmos-
phere, and such never obtained in by-gone
days. With such growth of armaments, the
dangers are equally great.
Therefore, we must endeavor that the Holy
Spirit shall affect peacefully the minds and
hearts; the bounties of God shall surround;
all the Divine effulgences shall become suc-
cessive, in order that human souls advance,
minds expand in liberalism, souls become
holier and the world of humanity become rid
of this great danger. For this, His Holiness
endured all the hardships, or-
deals and vicissitudes of life, sacrificing His
very being, sacrificing His comfort, forfeiting
His possessions, forfeiting His estates, for-
feiting His honor--all that pertains to human
for one year, nay, rather for
fifty years. For fifty years He bore hardships,
endured ordeals; was cast into prison; was
banished from His home; was subjected to
severities and exiled four times. He Was first
exiled from Persia to Bagdad; then from
Bagdad to Constantinople; thereafter from
Constantinople to Roumelia, and from Rou-
melia was He exiled to the Great Prison,
Acca [Syria], the great fortress of Acca,
where He passed the remainder of His life.
Every day a new exposure and every day a
new ordeal, until in the dungeon He winged
to the very Heaven, that is to say, He re-
turned to His Lord. The purpose of endur-
ing all these ordeals and difficulties was no
other than the illumination of the human
world, that this world become heav-
enly; that the realm of the Kingdom become a
reality; that the individual members of human-
ity advance, minds progress, the efficacy of the
Holy Spirit become greater in penetration and
thereby the happiness of the human world
assured. He desired for all composure and
ease and He exercised love and kindness
towards all nations regardless of difference.
He addressed humanity, saying: human-

