STAR OF THE WEST 15
was able to create a bond of accord. Everyone
who followed the teachings of 
from whatsoever denomination or people, be-
came connected by the bond of love with all
the others, until now they cooperate and live
together with the utmost of love. They are
real brothers and sisters. No distinctions do
they observe and the utmost accord prevails.
Daily this unity and amity are increasing among
them. In order to" insure the progress of man-
kind and to establish these great principles and
institutions, He was willing to suffer every
ordeal and difficulty in its pathway. His Holi-
ness the Bab became a martyr thereto and over
twenty thousand men and women likewise gave
their lives. His Holiness was
imprisoned and endured the utmost persecu-
tion. Finally He was exiled from Persia to
Mesopotamia; from Baghdad He was sent to
Roumelia, and from Roumelia He was ban-
ished to the prison of Akka. Through all these
ordeals day and night did He strive, proclaim-
ing the oneness of humanity and promulgating
the Most Great Peace. From the prison of
Akka He addressed all the kings and crowned
heads of the earth. He wrote letters
to them, summoning all of them to Inter-
national Peace, expressly and explicitly stating
that the Most Great Peace shall hoist its ban-
ner.. The powers of the earth cannot withstand
it for it is one of the privileges and bestowals
of this great and glorious century. It is an
exigency of the time. Man can withstand any-
thing except that which is Divinely indicated
for the time and its exigencies. Now, praise
be to God, in all the countries of the World
lovers of peace are to be found, and these
thoughts are being spread throughout human-
ity; especially in this country! Praise be to
God, this thought is becoming predominant and
all souls are defenders of the oneness. of
humanity; all are endeavoring to promulgate
this International Peace. There is no doubt
that this revered democracy will be able to
realize it and the banner of International Peace
be unfurled here, permeating through the other
countries from here. I offer great thanks to
God that I find you imbued with such suscepti-
bilities, that He has given you such lofty
thoughts; and I hope that you will be the
cause of spreading this light throughout man-
kind. Thus may the Sun of Reality shine upon
East and West. The thick clouds shall pass
away and the heat of the Sun shall dispel the
mist. The reality of man shall develop. The
thoughts of man shall take such an upward
flight that former thoughts of man shall appear
in comparison as the plays of children; for the
thoughts of all times and the prejudices of all
people with regard to race and religion have
ever been destructive. I am most hopeful that
in this century these lofty thoughts shall be
conducive to the welfare of humanity. Let
this century be the Sun of previous centuries,
the effulgences of which shall last forever, so
that in the times to come they shall glorify the
twentieth century, saying that the twentieth
century was the century of lights, the twentieth
century was the century of life, the twentieth
century was the century of International Peace,
the twentieth century was the century of divine
bestowals, and the twentieth century has left
traces which shall last forever.
-i-ii
ADDRESS BY ABDUL-BAI-IA AT THE 
SUFFRAGE MEETING HELD AT METROPOLITAN
TEMPLE, SEVENTH AVENUE AND FOURTEENTH
STREET, NEW YORK, MAY 201:1-1, I912.
Stenographic Notes by E. Foster.
INTRODUCTION BY MRS. PENFIELD.
ERHAPS no two subjects before the
world today have awakened so much fear
in the minds of the people as the Disarm-
ament of the Nations and Enfranchisement of
Women. They both look toward the ideals
of equity and justice among men. And it is a
significant fact that many of the notable peace
workers, after years of labor, have come to
the conclusion that Universal Peace must fol-
low and will depend upon the interest of
Women in the councils and electorates of the
World. It is interesting to remember tonight
as we discuss these two subjects that these
two great movements have gone side by side.
I have the great honor tonight to present
to you one of the most distinguished advocates
of both Women's Suffrage and Universal
Peace, the Persian Prophet, Abdul--Baha who
is in our midst. will speak to you in his
own language, interpreted by Dr. areed.
I suppose most of you are familiar with the
history of this distinguished man; a man who
was for forty years a prisoner in the Fortress
of Akka--a prisoner held by only
released in I908, when the new government
was adopted. I cannot use better language
than that of one of his followers when I de-
scribe Abdul-Baha in these words: "Abdul-
Baha wishes to be known as 'The Servant of
Humanity.' He seeks no higher station than
(Continued on page eighteen)

