STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as_ brothers; that the bonds of afiection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
-- 1 7 
Chicago (May 17, 1912) Azamat No. 4-
THE PUBLIC MEETINGS OF THE FOURTH ANNUAL CONVENTION
OF BAHAI TEMPLE 
CHICAGO, APRIL 2d, 1912.
BY Jossrn H. HANNEN.
BEGAN with the "Feast of Rizwan," Sat-
lurday evening, April 27th. The Chicago
friends had invited the delegates and friends
to join them in the celebration, and truly it
was The Rizwan--the Garden of Paradise!
The beautiful symbology of the Teachings was
exemplified in reality, as in the perennial
spring-time of the Bahai gathering
of the friends from far and near in the hos-
pitable realm of Chicago--those who entered
with "nothing but leaves" or i11 the budding of
spirituality, blossomed forth beneath the con-
genial rays of the Sun of Truth, and in an in-
credibly short time the assemblage of more
than 350 persons, seated about many tables,
was a flower-garden, with many a rose, hya-
cinth, violet, anemone and all the sacred blos-
soms personified by as many sometime human
beings; here and there a tall sunflower stood
guard! Again some lofty tree wooed the sweet
singing birds of the celestial realm. In quiet
nooks clustered the blossoms of early spring,
with surpassing fragrance, and there was none
to measure or compare, the Whole forming a
divine picture of harmony. The hum of voices,
softly modulated, arose like the song of the
bees and the humming-birds, and the breezes
of heavenly love wafted to and fro! And as
one would expect in such a garden, there was
no lack of the divine melody of the nightin-
gale. Various birds, from every part of the
world, contributed their songs, some tremu-
lously vibrant, some triumphantly attuned. Let
him doubt who will those who were there
know of the beauty of the garden; and as in
the oriental tale so often told, the ones who
enjoyed the rose-garden have returned, bearing
with them armfuls of the flowers that all
official _rep01-t of the business sessions
of the Convention will appear in our next issue.

might know where they have been; and now
comes the scribe with a few treasures pressed
within the volume of recollection, and yet
breathing a soft incense, mayhap, as they are
disclosed.
To particularize: It is an easy transition
from the picture of the garden to record that
Mr. Charles H. Greenleaf presided. The har-
mony was first given audible expression when
Mr. Mountfort Mills sang the "The Comforter
Has Come," composed for the Convention of
1911 by Mrs. Emma C. Holmes. It was an-
nounced that a number of the friends from
other cities would be called upon for five--min-
ute talks, the limited time making it impossible
to hear from all, and the subsequent meetings
affording further opportunities.
To the writer was given the opportunity of
telling a few incidents of Abdul-Baha's visit
to Washington, and of repeating a message
which he gave to Mrs. Goodall and Mrs.
Cooper just before they left for Chicago:
"My greetings and love, and say to the friends
that I shall arrive in Chicago about the middle
of the Convention."
The following were then called upon: Mr.
McCormack, of Everett, Washington; Mrs.
Clark, of Denver, Colo.; Dr. Clement Wool-
son, of St. Paul, Minn.
At this juncture a song, entitled, "The New
Jerusalem," composed by Mrs. Louise R.
Waite, was given its first presentation by Mme.
Ragna Linne. We are privileged to give the
words of this song, which was subsequently
accepted and approved by Abdul-Baha:
THE NEW JERUSALEM.
"Rejoice and be glad all ye nations, for the
day of your salvation draweth nigh, and God's
Kingdom shall be established here on earth as

