STAR OF THE WEST 5
bricks are bad the house will not sta11d, as
these do. It is necessany fo-r individuals to
become as good bricks, to eradicate from
themselves race and religious hatred, greed
and a limited patriotism, so that, Whether
they find themselves guiding the government,
or founding a home, the result of their efforts
may be peace and prosperity, love and happi-
ness."
The ship now reached its pier, where were
anxiously waiting several hundred Bahais, as
the followers of Abdul-Baha are called, who
had been craning their necks down the river
for a first sight of him since early morning.
The ship docked shortly after noon, but, fearing
that a demonstration i11 public would not be
the best thing for the Cause, and not liking
that sort of thing, the venerable Persian Di-
vine did not leave the ship until the pier had
been quietly cleared of his followers, who were
told to meet him in the afternoon at the home
of Mr. and Mrs. Kinney, where he greeted
them" a few hours later.
PUBLIC nv
AMERICA.
BDUL.-BAI-IA ABBAS, the headof the
A Movement for the Unification of Re-
ligions and for the establishment of
Universal Peace, made his first public address
in America at the Church of the Ascension,
Fifth avenue and Tenth street, Sunday morn-
ing, April 14th. The Rev. Dr. Percy Stick-
ney Grant, rector of the church, had invited
him to deliver the principal sermon of the
day, at the 11 o'clock service, Dr. Grant con-
ducting the service up to that point. The
church was crow'ded even to the aisles and
throughout the regular Episcopal service pre-
ceding the sermon Abdul-Baha and his inter-
preter, D'r. Ameen Ullah Fareed, sat back
of the choir to one side of the altar. The
keynote sounded by the venerable Persian
philosopher and religious leader was that hu-
manity, generally speaking, was emerged in a
sea of materiality.
In introducing Abdul-Baha to the congre-
gation, the Rev. D'r. Grant said:
"It is a personal gratification that I have
the honor and pleasure to- welcome to this
place of worship a messenger from the East,
freshly bearing a message of the gospel of
peace, good will and love to all mankind. In
him we see a master of the things of the spir-
it. He comes with a plan of construction and
of reconstruction, and has brought to these
shores a touchstone of love and of peace.
Modern life to him is only a fabric to be un-
derstood and exemplified. He believes i11 the
fundamental unity of all religions; he be-
lieves that the great faiths of the world be-
long together. He believes that the spiritual-
ity of the Orient should shake hands with the
materiality o-f the Occident. Let us shake
hands together.
"This great representative of the East comes
to tell us that knowledge and more knowledge
will bring about a realization of peace and
uni-ty. He is a man with a spirit of under-
standing. But, some will ask, 'What has he
done to prove his sincerity,' An exile from
his native land from the age of nine; a pris-
oner for forty years, are the badges of Abdul-
Baha's sincerity.
"We are going 'to listen in the fashion of
the East and listen to a great student."
Abdul-Baha Abbas then came forward,
wearing the costume of the East. On his head
was a white turban, such as is worn only by
the Patriarchs; and he was robed in the long
flowing light tan tunic or cloak worn by Per-
sian divines. His interpreter, Dr. Fareed,
wore the conventional frock coat of American
dress, but also wore the black Persian fez.
Beginning in a low, though sonorous voice,
Abdul-Baha said:
speak from. a verse in Cori.nthians, the
substance of which is that though we see now
darkly as through a glass, the day shall com-e
when we shall see face to face. In reality the
light of the truth has been seen through varie-
gated glasses, but now let us hope that we
shall see the light of the truth through the
purest possible medium. That is the spiritual
revelation--divine morals of Jesus
Christ." .
have come hither to find that material
civilization has progressed greatly. I find
commerce and the crafts perfected; agricul-
ture improved, sciences Well established, but
the spiritual ci-vili'zation has been left behind.
The material civilization is likened unto the
glass i11 a lamp chim.ney. The spiritual civ-
ilization is the light in that chimney. The
material civilization should' go hand in hand
with the spiritual civilization. Then we will
have the light and the glass together. Ma-
terial civilization may be likened unto a beau-
tiful body, while the spiritual civilization is
the spirit that enters the body and gives to it
life. Witli the propelling spirit of spiritual
civilization the result will be great.

