STAR OF THE WEST 13
the East Indian students came to visit Abdul-
Baha, and to them and to the Japanese friends
he showed great favor. It was most interest-
ing and gratifying to witness the beautiful
spirit of love and kindness in the friends who
gathered to meet Abdul-Baha.
Abdul-Baha expressed himself much pleased
with San Francisco and greatly enjoyed his
visits to Golden Gate Park. He took especial
interest in the flowers and would often leave
the automobile for a walk along the shore of
some one of the small lakes. But even on the
drives and during the walks he dispensed
blessing--giving many wonderful lessons to
those whose great privilege it was to be with
him at those times.
Early Friday morning, the friends gathered
at the house to say good-bye. The admonition
to be happy was given, the last words were
said, the wonderful days were ended. Our
cups have been filled to overflowing with blessgive out to others
some of the light and love we have received.

ABDUL-BAHA, THE BAHAI PROPHET, SPEAKS AT STANFORD UNIVERSITY.
A great assembly of students and teachers crowd the auditorium to hear the Bahai Prophet of Persia expound the
doctrine ofa new day for Universal Brotherhood, International Peace and Religious Unity.
Oriental Savant wilh Entourage of Twenty-nine Persons spent the day at
Stanford University and are Enferlained in Palo Alto.
[From "The Palo Altan"]
A crowded Assembly Hall, holding nearly
two thousand people, awaited with eager ex-
pectancy the appearance last Tuesday morning
of Abdul-Baha, Abbas Effendi, the world
leader of the Bahai movement. The vener-
able prophet, with his long gray beard and
Persian cloak and turban, gave a true impres-
sion of the reincarnation of a Far Eastern
prophet of old. He spoke in Persian, and his
remarks were translated by Dr. Ameen Fareed,
a graduate of the University of Illinois and
also of Johns Hopkins University.
Abdul--Baha is revolutionizing the religion
of Asia, bringing Mohammedans, Iews and
Christians together on the basis of the laws
of Moses, which they all ratify. He already
has a vast host of followers and has aroused
great interest by his present tour of America
and England.
A pilgrimage through England and America
undertaken by Abdul-Baha has created great
interest in the Bahai movement. The knowl-
edge of this movement has been brought home
to thousands of people who are willing and
eager to spread its beneficent teachings. On
this far Western shore of America the seeds
of peace and welfare find fertile ground and
abundant fruitage. At Stanford there is a keen
interest taken in International Peace on ac-
count of the prominent part taken by Dr.
Iorclan, one of the trustees of the Carnegie
Peace Endowment.
After the address at the university some
time was spent by the party in viewing the
zampus buildings and surroundings. In the
evening another large assemblage gathered at
the Unitarian Church in Palo Alto to hear
the message to the church, as the morning
sermon had been addressed to the men of
science. As before, the sermon was trans-
lated sentence by sentence by Dr. Fareed as
uttered by the speaker. The venerable prophet
was followed with close attention by the large
audience of men and women present.
It seemed to be a notable day when Abdul-
Baha from the far country of the Orient met
Dr. David Starr Iordan of the far western
shore, both carrying the standard of inter-
national peace and universal brotherhood. It
was Persia, the oldest nation of the world,
indeed the fabled country of the Garden of
Eden and of the human race, bring-
ing a message to America, the youngest great
nation of the world.
"For there is neither East nor West,
Border nor Breed nor Birth,
When two strong men stand face to face,
Though they come from the ends of the
earth."
Abdul-Baha carries the message of religion
and Doctor Iordan carries the message of
science, both aiming for one great result. AS
all men are the children of one God, so are
they all brothers, and we are at the dawning
of a new day when the relationship of world
fraternity will be seen and recognized.
The prophets of Israel, Moses, Elijah and
Christ, are firmly established in the heart and
mind oi humanity as great teachers who de-
livered the message of God to the world. They

