see that its heat and light are continuous.
There is no cessation to the solar bounty. If
the sun at any time was without light or heat
it would not be the sun. How do we recog-
nize the sun? Through its heat a11d effulgence.
If it be deprived of its rays and heat it is no
longer a sun,--it is merely a dark globe or
sphere in the heavens. The bounties of the
sun must be perpetual in order that it may
be qualified as a solar center of energy, illu-
mination and attraction.
Likewise the Divine Bounties of the Sun of
Reality are perpetual. Its Light is forever
shining. Its Love is forever radiating. Its
Bounty never ceases. It could not be said
that the power and effulgence of God was ever
subject to cessation. It could not be claimed
that the Divinity of the Almighty One had
come to an end. For the Divinity of God is
eternal. Therefore the Divine Bounties,
whether phenomenal and accidental or spir-
itual and ideal, are perpetual. But the people
of religion are of two kinds. Some worship
the Sun and some adore the Dawning-Points
from which the sun rises. For instance the
Jews adore the Mosaic Point of.Dawning, the
Zoroastrians that of Zoroaster. The people of
Abraham turned to the Point of Rising in
Abraham. When the Sun of Reality trans-
ferred its Illumination from the Abrahamic to
the Mosaic Point of Dawning, the people of
Abraham denied Its Appearance because they
were turning toward the Point and not to
the Sun of Reality Itself. When that Sun
of Reality with Its Divine Bestowal, Its
heavenly glow and effulgence tranferred to
the Messianic Point of Rising, the Jews denied
Its appearance in Iesus, for they were not
worshippers of the Sun Itself but adored Its
Rising in Moses. Had they been worshippers
of the Sun of Reality they would have turned
to His Holiness Christ instead of denying
Him as Messiah.
What was the reason of this deprivation?
It was simply because they were imitating
fathers and ancestors in forms of belief instead
of turning towards the Sun of Divinity. For
this reason they were deprived of the Bounty
which dawned in the Messianic Day-Spring.
Holding tenaciously to the former Dawning-
Point they still remain in this position of
deprivation. Consider the people and nations
of the earth today and observe this same
tenacious allegiance to ancestral belief. He
whose father was a Zoroastrian is a Zoro-
astrian. He whose father was a Buddhist re-
mains a Buddhist. The son of a Mohammedan
6 STAR OF THE WEST
continues a Mohammedan, and so on through-
out. Why is this? Because they are slaves
and captives of mere imitation. They have
not investigated the Reality of Religion and
arrived at its fundamentals and conclusions.
The ]ew for instance has not proved the
validity of Moses by investigating the Reality.
He is a Iew because his father was a few. He
imitates the forms and belief of his fathers
and ancestors. There is no thought or men-
tion of the Reality. And so it is with the
other peoples of religion. This is the purpose
of our statement that they worship the Dawn-
ing-Point rather than the_Sun of Reality Itself.
If in the Day of His Holiness Iesus Christ
the Iews had forsaken imitation and investi-
gated Reality they would assuredly have be-
lived in and accepted Him, for the Messianic
Effulgence was far greater than the Mosaic.
The Sun of Reality when It appeared from the
Dawning-Point of Christ was as the mid-
summer sun in brilliancy and beauty.
Now therefore we must be admonished and
realize that mere imitation of fathers and an-
cestors is fruitless. Nay rather we must exert
ourselves to the utmost in investigating and
turning toward the Sun of Reality, no matter
from what Day-Spring or Dawning--Point It
may appear. The phenomenal sun is one sun.
If tomorrow it should rise in the West, it is
the same sun. We cannot say, "This is not
the sun because it has appeared in the West."
For East and West are but and imagin-
ary directions. In the station of the sun there
is neither East nor West. It is ever shining
from its place in the heavens. In the focal
point of the solar circle there is no rising, no
setting. Therefore sunrise and sunset have
relation to observation and not to the
luminary itself. Nay rather night in the solar
orb is inconceivable. In that center of eifu1-
gence, constant light and illumination prevail.
Its risings and settings are therefore only
apparent and not actual. They have relation
to our point of view. We could not
consider it the sun if there was a cessation of
its light, heat and splendor. To do so would
be equivalent to calling a black stone a dia-
mond. This would be meaningless. If a man
is a miser and you call him generous it will
produce no change in him.
The purport of this is that God is Almighty,
but His greatness cannot be brought within
the grasp of human limitation. We cannot
limit God to a boundary. Man is limited but
the World of Divinity is unlimited. Prescribing
limitation to God is human ignorance. God

