16 STAR OF
humanity, "There was no other purpose than
altruism and service to mankind." Therefore
it is my hope that you may be the cause, and
that you may hoist this this banner
will be hoisted. Raise it aloft, for you are de-
serving above all other nations. In the other
countries there are many who are waiting for
this summons, anxiously anticipating this call
from some nation bidding all to the "Most
Great Peace," for the people are distressed be-
cause of the excessive and irreparable damage
of war. Thousands of the farmers are taxed
and expenses collected for war. Every year
the tax increases and the people have come to
their end. Just now you can say Europe is
a battlefield; like ammunition ready for a
spark; and one spark can set aflame the whole
world. Before these complications and col-
ossal events happen, take a step and prevent
it. The foundations of all the Divine religions
are peace and amity; but misunderstandings
have crept into them. If these misunderstand-
ings disappear, you will see that all the re-
ligious agencies will work for peace, and pro-
mulgate the oneness of human kind. For the
THE WEST
foundation of all is One Reality and Reality
is not multiple or divisible. For example, His
Holiness Moses founded this Reality; His
Holiness Jesus hoisted the tent of Reality, and
the light of this Reality shone forth in all the
religions His Holiness pro-
claimed this Reality and promulgated the
"Most Great Peace." In the prison He rested
not until He lighted this lamp in the East.
Praise be to God! all the people who have
accepted the teachings of are
peace lovers and are ready to sacrifice their
lives and forfeit their fortunes for it. Now
let this standard be hoisted in the West and
many shall respond to the call. Just as Amer-
ica has become renowned because of her dis-
coveries, inventions and skill; famous for the
equity of her government and colossal under-
takings--may she also b-ecome noted for the
"Most Great Peace." Let this be her under-
taking, and let it spread from her to other
countries. And I pray for all of you that you
may render this service to the world of
humanity.

CHICAGO NEWS NOTES
SATURDAY evening, August IO, the
Bahais of Chicago became the guests of
Abdul-Baha at a feast held in his name
and through his love and bounty, at the home
of Mr. and Mrs. George Lesch. Previous to
this event, word had been received from Abdul-
Baha to prepare this feast; also that he could
not attend in person, but would send Mr.
Howard MacNutt, of Brooklyn, N. Y., to be
his representative. On the day of Mr. Mac-
Nutt's arrival--tvvo days before the feast-
the friends gathered at the home of Mrs.
Corinne True to hear the message brought by
him from the presence of Abdul-'Baha. Need-
less to say that message was one of love and
goodwill to all. Mr. MacNutt's splendid pres-
entation of the fundamental teachings of the
Revelation at this gathering and also the next
evening at the home of Miss Mary Leschg
was an excellent preparation for the descent of
the fragrances of the Kingdom of ABHA at this
feast of Abdul--Baha. It was indeed a never-
to-be forgotten gathering and an occasion of
great rejoicing and happiness.

On Sunday evening, the nth, the Chicago
Assembly selected a "Spiritual Meeting" of
nine, composed of men and women, whose
service~according to the wish of Abdul-Baha
first, to promulgate the teachings of the
Revelation, and, second, to attend to other
matters necessary to the welfare of the assem-
bly. Mr. MacNutt was present and gave an
inspiring address.
Mr. and Mrs. William Addison, 1743 W.
96th St., Longwood, Ill., are the parents of a
little daughter, born July 29th. Abdul-Baha
gave the name of Zeevar, meaning, Adornment.

