STAR OF THE WEST 7
stant strife and contention. Formerly their
business was war, but, through the Breath of
the Holy Spirit, unity became a creative fac-
tor. The great and wise men of the world
have ever striven hard, so that the hearts of
humanity might be cemented together by the
heavenly teachers, whose mission it is to bring
into the world this divine state of love.
The foundation of all religion as taught by
all the divine messengers has been love and
affinity. A hundred thousand pities alaslthat
the divine message has become the means of
warfare and strife!
In the Balkans blood is being freely and
copiously shed, lives are being destroyed,
houses are pillaged, cities are razed to the
ground, and all this through religious preju-
dice; while in reality the foundation of the
religion of God is love. All the divines and
holy manifestations invite the exercise of love.
In reality we are living in the midst of the
greatest proof of divine love. For at a time
when, in the Orient, there existed the utmost
state of strife and sedition, warfare raged be-
tween the nations; warfare raged between the
religions and between the various sects; dark-
ness encompassed the horizon of the Orient,
and each religion asserted its claim over the
other--at such a time, under such circumstances,
His Holiness shone from the hori-
zon of the East. He declared that the reality
of all religion is one, that all religions have
the same foundation for their teaching. He
taught men that the foundation of the religion
of God is love. Alas, that they should have
entirely forgotten this foundation! They have
created blind dogmas, and as these blind dog-
mas develop, we observe constant bloodshed
and strife. If all the religions and sects were
to quit themselves from all past limitations and
search diligently for the foundation (as the
foundation of the divine religion is one), there
would follow unity and concord, these terrible
events would not happen, bloodshed would
cease, and hatred between the hearts of men
would be dispelled. Heavenly illumination
would dawn, divine love would be created, the
efforts of the divine teachers would be held
and would yield results, hearts would be knit
together, the basis of strife and quarrel would
be forgotten, divine justice would be revealed
and divine radiance diffused.
In order that the darkness of strife and sedi-
tion might be entirely banished from the
human world, His Holiness es-
tablished and taught certain declarations or
principles. The first principle which He pro-
claimed was the principle of the Oneness of
the human family. He said, "Humanity con-
stitute the sheep of God's flock. The real
shepherd is God." The real shepherd is com-
passionate and kind towards all the members
of his flock. Humanity was created by God;
He provides for all, protects all. He is kind to
all. Why should we treat each other 
He has made a plea for love, not for differ-
ence, or hatred, or animosity.
God created humanity; none of us were cre-
ated by Satan. All are edifices of God, there-
fore we must strive that these edifices be
protected and not seek to destroy them.
The second principle of con-
cerns international peace and to this end He
wrote all the nations and sent special epistles
to the rulers and kings of the earth. Likewise
he proclaimed peace amongst the religions.
Was not peace the foundations of religion? It
is time that these limitations and dogmas be
done away with, that the foundation of the
religion of God be made the means of union
and good fellowship.
Again, He proclaimed inter--racial peace, for
humanity is the progeny of one be-
long to one lineage. "This sphere is one
globe," He said, and is not divided, the vari-
ous continents on the face of the globe are in
reality one native land, inhabited by one human
family; therefore, there should not exist be-
tween the various countries this warfare and
strife.
Another principle of is that re-
ligion must ever be the means of love; that
is, if so-called religion be the cause of hatred
and animosity, it is better to quit such re-
ligion. Every affair, every matter which in the
world of humanity is the cause of love, that
matter is good; but if it is creative of differ-
ence amongst the children of men, that matter
is evil. If it be a cause of hatred amongst the
people, it is absolute evil. Irreligion is better
than that so-called religion. The people have
made religion the cause of warfare and strife,
while the reality of religion is the cause of
unity and love.
The fourth teaching of is rel-
ative to the conformity of science and reason
with true universal religion. If it is contrary
to science and reason, it is superstition. A
theory which is not acceptable to the mind of
man and which science rejects is devoid of
reality. It is a vision of superstition.
The fifth teaching of is rela-
tive to prejudice, which must be abandoned.

