8 STAR OF THE WEST
merged in the sea of imitation. It is evident
that man i-s the highest of God's creatures on
the face of the earth. For example, there
are certain attributes which are apparent in the
mineral kingdom. The vegetable kingdom
has the attributes existing in the mineral king-
but with another attri'bute, which is the power
of growth. The animal has the attributes
of the mineral and the vegetable kingdo-ms
but with another attribute, which is the power
of instinct. Therefore the animal is a com-
posite of the mineral and vegetable kingdoms,
but man has the virtues of the mineral king-
dom, the virtues of the vegetable kingdom,
the virtues of the animal kingdom and an-
o-ther distinct virtue, which is that of intellect,
consequently man is the highest creation of
God. He is the peerless creature and in him
are contained all the virtues of the human
world.
"Christ was the mirror; Go-cl was the Sun.
The Sun appeared with all its effulgence and
splendor in the mirror; that is, the virtues,
the perfections and the characteristics of God
appeared in Christ. This is what is meant
where it is written in the Bible that 'We
have created man in our own image.' The
perfect man is the visage and image of God,
just as the mirror reflects the sun. We can
not say that the sun has come down from
heaven and has taken a place in the mirror.
The sun is eternal, living in its own sta-
tion. It had no ascent or descent, entrance
or exit'; but the rays and the' heat of the sun
have become fully reflected in the clear mir-
ror. That is why Christ said the future the future. The
Sun of Truth reflected itself in the mirrors
of Moses and Christ."
Rabbi: "Most wonderful! We must name
this divine philosophy the philosophy of
Abdul-Baha. I am extraordinarily delighted
to have had this privilege to talk with you."
Abdul-Baha: am very happy indeed to
meet you."
Rabbi: hope I will have the pleasure
of meeting you again."
Abdul-Baha: "God willing. May you be
under His 
 .
ADDRESS BY ABDUL-BAT-IA AT HOTEL SCHENLEY, PITTSBURGH, PA.
(Continued from page four)
have been founded, the science of medicine
has advanced. Together with this there has
been an advance in the invention of the means
and instruments of destruction. In the early
days the instrument of destruction was the
sword; today it is the gun. In the early days
the organ o-f destruction or Warfare was the
dagger; today it is the rifle. How many
dreadnaughts have been built; ho-w many tor-
pedoes have been invented, and how many
kinds of ammunition have been invented!
All this is the result of material civiliza-
tion. Therefore just as material civilization
serves the good purposes of 1-ife it also serves
the evil ends. But the Divine civilization is
good, because it is concerned w'i'th- the reign
of morals. Consider how much the Prophets
have contributed to the reign of morals. His
Holiness, Jesus Christ, summoned all to the
most great peace. He called all to the ac-
quisition of good morals.
If good morals which constitute the Divine
civilization shall become united with the spirit-
ual civilization there is no doubt that the
happiness of the world of humanity shall
hoist its banner and from every direction
composure and rest shall be forthcoming.
Humankind shall achieve extraordinary prog-
ress, the sphere of thought will be greatly en-
larged, great inventions will be made, great
spirituality will reveal itself, for humanity
there will be great joy, and the life eternal will
then be conferred thereon. The spiritual force
Will make itself effective and the breath of the
Holy Spirit will penetrate.
Therefore, just as -the material civilization
progresses so should the merciful civilization
likewise become progressive until the greatest
and utmost aims and desires of humanity may
be realized.
These are a few of the principles of
presented to you very briefly, so
that if you hear of the Bahai movement and
the Bahai teachings you may be informed of
what their status is. And this is given to
you to act as a stimulus to your knowledge.
I ask God to aid this prosperous nation, this
fair government, and this wonderful continent
with all His blessings.

