STAR OF THE WEST 5
THORNTON CHASE
FEBRUARY 22, 1847
SEPTEMBER 30, 1912
LETTER snort Los Anostss, CALIFORNIA.
Dear Friends in El-Baha: Knowing. that
the friends will be anxious to learn the de-
tails of the passing of our brother, Thornton
Chase, we hasten to send the following:
1/Ir. Chase recently returned home from a
business trip north, visiting San Francisco and
Oakland, Portland, Seattle, and we think also
Victoria and Vancouver. At all points where
there were believers special meetings were held
and much good work done. At San lose, Cal.,
a point, where the Glad-Tidings had not been
proclaimed, Mr. Chase gave the Message and
interested many people. At one point he vis-
ited he made a record of thirteen meetings in
fourteen evenings.
While on this trip we understand that he had
two attacks of the trouble which cost him his
life, being in hospital twice. Thursday even-
ing, the 26th ult., was the first most of us
knew of his illness, when, at a meeting at
the home of Miss Clapp, it was announced
that he was seriously ill and had been oper-
ated upon that day at Angeles Hospital.
On Saturday, Abdul-Baha was reached by
wire and in reply sent word to Mr. Chase that
he was coming West and, if it were God's will,
he would see him soon.
On Monday morning word was received that
Mr. Chase was very low. The friends 'prayed
for him constantly and about II o'clock word
came that he had rallied. 'Ne all hoped that
a miracle would be performed and that he
would be brought back to life and health, even
though his life hung by a thread. On Sunday
telegrams were sent to the various centers,
asking for the prayers of the friends.
It was arranged that the friends here, as
many as could, should assemble at Mr. Chase's
home for a prayer service on Monday even-
ing, September 30th. The sun had set when a
little group of earnest souls, twenty in all,
from various parts of Los Angeles, from Pasa-
dena, Tropico and Glendale, assembled in
silence on a street corner amid the bustle and
din of the metropolis, to pray for the restora-
tion of their brother to physical health and
strength.
About seven o'clock we reached the home
and had hardly entered before the telephone
rang and we were informed that Mr. Chase
had just passed away. Every head was bowed
as Mr. Rice-'Wray hung up the receiver and
said, "Friends, he has gone." Miss Vfise arose
and read the prayer for the departed, from the
little prayer book, and Mr. Rice-\Vray read
two or three selections from Hidden Vfords,
also another of which Mr. Chase was fond and
which he had asked his wife to repeat to him
often during his illness:
"Vi/'ith patience, then, the course of duty run;
God never does, nor suffers to be done
But that which you would do, it you could see
The end of all events as well as He."
Mrs. Rice-W'1'ay went to the piano and the
friends sang "Nearer, My God, to Thee." Mr.
Hall recited a beautiful poem, "He is not dead;
he is just away," and the friends departed, a
great stillness upon each soul. 'We felt, in-
deed, that We had been in the presence of the
Most High and had accompanied our brother
as far as we could.
The funeral was held in the chapel of Pierce
Bros. undertaking establishment on Friday,
October 4th, at I0 o'clock. The body of our
departed brother lay in a beautiful casket amid
a sea of flowers, covering the casket, banked
upon easels and even carpeting the floor.
A quartet of fine male voices sang three
selections during the My
God, to Thee," "Lead, Kindly Light," and the
departing poem of Lord Tennyson's "Cross-
ing the Bar."
Mr. Rice--VVray spoke of our brother as a
great teacher of the Bahai Revelation; that,
splendid as was his physical stature, magnifi-
cent as was his character, they Were as nothing
compared to his conception of God's Word and
His Will for mankind. read several selec-
tions from Hidden 'Nords and the prayer for
the departed.
A most beautiful prayer, full of the Christ
Spirit of love and unity, was offered by Rev.
I. K. Shellenberger, pastor of the 
Boulevard Christian Church, where Mr. Chase
attended when possible and where he taught
a class.
Rev. C. C. Pierce spoke feelingly of the
character of our departed brother, of the
warmth of his smile and his sunny nature, of
the breadth and height and depth of his out-
look, and thought the friends who had gath-
ered there Were to be congratulated to have
had the privilege oi knowing "this royal, kingly
soul."

