STAR OF THE WEST 11
and we are unable to separate that which is
reality from that which is not.
As to the second critei-ion--Reason--this
likewise is unreliable and not to be depended
upon. This human world is an ocean of
varying opinions. If Reason is the perfect
standard and criterion of knowledge, why
are opinions at variance, and why do phi-
losophers disagree so completely with each
other? This is a clear proof that human
reason is not to be relied upon as an infallible
criterion. For instance, great discoveries and
announcements of former centuries are con-
tinually upset and discarded by the Wise
men of today. Mathematicians, astronomers,
chemical scientists, continually disprove and
reject the conclusions of the ancients 
ing is fixed, nothing final;--everything con-
tinually changing because human reason is
progressing along new roads of investigation
and arriving at new conclusions every day.
In the future, much that is announced and
accepted as true now will be rejected and dis-
proved. And so it will continue to be ad
infinitum.
Wlieii we consider the third criterion--Tra-
ditions--upheld by theologians as the avenue
and standard of knowledge, we find this
source equally unreliable and unworthy of
dependence. For religious traditions are the
report and record of,understanding and inter-
pretation of the Book. By what means has
this understanding, this interpretation been
reached? By the analysis of human reason.
\/Vhen we read the Book of God, the faculty
of comprehension by which we form conclu-
sions is Reason. Reason is mind. If we are
not endowed with perfect reason, how can
we comprehend the meanings of the Word
of God? Therefore human reason, as already
pointed out, is by its very nature finite and
faulty in conclusions. It cannot surround the
Reality Itself, the Infinite Word. Inasmuch
as the source of traditions and interpreta-
tions is human reason, and human reason is
faulty, how can we depend upon its findings
for real knowledge?
The fourth criterion I have named is Inspi-
ration, through which it is claimed the reality
of knowledge is attainable. VVhat is inspira-
tion? It is the influx of the human rear-t.
But what are Satanic promptings which nfflict
mankind? They are the influx of the heart
also. How shall we differentiate between
them? The question arises, How shall we
know Whether we are following inspiration
from God or Satanic promptings of the human
soul? Briefly, the point is, that in the human
material world of phenomena, these four are
the only existing criterions or avenues of
knowledge, and all of them are wrong and
faulty. VVhat then remains? How shall we
attain the Reality of Knowledge? By the
breaths and promptings of the Holy Spirit,
which is light and knowledge Itself. Through
It the human mind is quickened and fortified
into true conclusions and perfect knowledge.
This is conclusive argument showing that all
available human criterions are faulty and de-
fective, but the Divine Standard of Knowledge
is infallible. Therefore man is not justified
in saying, know because I perceive through
my I know because it is proved
through my faculty of reason,-or I know
because it is according to tradition and inter-
pretation of the Holy I know be-
cause' I am inspired." All human standard of
criterion is faulty, finite.
TALK GIVEN BY ABDUL--BAHA AT 227 RIVER-
DRIVE, New YORK CITY, MAY 11, 1912.
Notes by John G. Grundy.
is just three weeks that we have been
I away from the New York friends, yet so
great has been the longing to see you that
it seems like three months. We have had
no rest by day or night since we left you;
--either traveling, moving about or speaking;
--yet' it was all so pleasantly done ;--and we
have been most happy. Praise be to God!
Everywhere and all the time it has been
1 J7 7) 
"harakat,' "harakat, "harakat ("motion,"
"motion," "motion").
The friends in America are very good. All
the people we have met here are very good.
They are polite, not antagonistic, although
inquisitive. A small minority of them are
prejudiced, yet even these have their good
points. The American people have a real
love for progressiveness. They are not con-
tent to stand still. They are most energetic
and progressive. Wlien you see a tree which
is growing and developing, be hopeful of
its outcome. It will blossom and bear fruit
eventually. If you see dry wood or old
trees, there is no hope whatever of fruitage.
The questions asked us have been oppor-
tune and to the point. The answers We gave
have not been used for altercation and argu-
ment. We met savants and learned men and
satisfied them with our explanations. Impor-
tant people expressed their satisfaction and
pleasure at our replies to their inquiries. In

