22 STAR OF 
med proclaimed His work and mission, His
first objection to His own people was this:
"Why have you not believed on Jesus Christ?
Why have you not accepted the Gospel? Why
have you not believed in Moses? Why have
you not believed in the Old Testament? Why
have you not believed in the Prophets of
Israel? Why have you not believed in the
disciples of Christ? The first duty incum-
bent upon ye, Arabians, is to believe in
these. You must consider Moses as a Prophet.
You must consider Iesus Christ as the Word
of God. You must know the Old and New
Testament as the Word of God. You must
know Jesus Christ as the product of the Holy
Spirit." His people in reply said, "Very well,
we will become believers, but our fathers and
ancestors were not believers, and we are proud
of them. What is going to become of them 
And He said: declare unto you that they
occupy the lowest stratum of hell because
they did not believe in' Moses, because they
did not believe in Christ, because they did not
accept the Bible, and though they are my own
ancestors, yet they are in despair in hell."
This is an explicit text of the Koran. It is
not traditional, it is not a story. It is from
the Koran which is in the hands of the people.
Therefore it becomes evident that misunder-
standings have caused so much warfare and
strife. If both parties should investigate the
Reality, the utmost of unity and amity would
result, strife and rancor would pass away for-
ever, and the world of humanity find peace
and composure. There are 250,000,000 Chris-
tians and over 300,000,000 Mohammedans.
How much blood has been spilt; how many
peoples have been destroyed; how many chil-
dren have become fatherless; how man)'
fathers have lost their children; how many
mothers bemoan the loss of their dear ones!
All these things were due to imitations and
misunderstandings! If the Holy Bibles were
understood none of these discords
would have existed. The utmost of love and
fellowship would have prevailed. This is the
case with all the other religions as well. I
have given these as examples to illustrate the
others. The purpose is this that the_Religion
of God is the means of unity. The Holy,
Divine Manifestations of God were all
founders of fellowship. They have come here
for the purpose of fellowship and amity.
They did not come to create discord, strife
and rancor among mankind. The Religion
of God is the cause of love, but if it become
the cause of strife and enmity, surely its non-
HE WEST
existence is preferable to its existence be-
cause then it is a catastrophe in the human
world. Surely the world of humanity must
rid itself of such a catastrophe.
In the Orient the various peoples and na-
tions were in a state of strife and sedition.
They exercised the utmost enmity and rancor
towards one another. Darkness had encom-
passed all nations. At a time such as this
His Holiness appeared. He re-
moved all the imitations which were the cause
of separation and laid the foundation of the
one Religion of God. When the imitations were
dispelled, Musselmen, Christians, Jews, Zoras--
trians, Buddhists, all Were united in conditions
of amity with each other. The souls who fol-
lowed from every nation have
become as one family living in the utmost
state of love and accord, willing to sacrifice
life itself for each other. For example, the
Mohammedan gives his life for the Christian;
the Iew forfeits his life for the Christian, and
all of them are willing to sacrifice life for the
Zoroastrian. They are in the utmost love, fel-
lowship and unity. They have attained to the
condition of rebirth. They have become re-
vivified through the breaths of the Holy Spirit.
Praise be to God! this life has come forth
from the East and eventually there shall be
no discord and enmity in the East. Through
the power of all will be united.
And His Holiness hoisted this
standard of the oneness of humanity in prison.
When He was subjected to banishment by
two kings, while a refugee from His enemies
of all nations, during the days of His in-
carceration He wrote to all the kings with
the utmost eloquence arraigning them most
severely. He summoned them to concord,
agreement and international peace. He made
it incumbent upon them to call together 
Board of Arbitration; that from all the na-
tions and governments of the world there
should be delegates sent to that Congress
which was to be the great arbitral court of
justice to settle international disputes. He
wrote to Queen Victoria of England, the Czar
of Russia, the Kaiser of Germany, and Napo-
leon Bonaparte of France. He wrote to all
the kings summoning them to unity and peace.
Through a heavenly power was He enabled
to promulgate these ideals in the Orient.
Kings even could not withstand His potency.
They endeavored to extinguish His lamp.
in prison withstood both the
Shah of Persia and Sultan of Turkey and
promulgated His VVord until in the Orient

