Graham, Cleveland, O.- Mr. and Mrs._ John Der_emo
and party, Fruitport, Micl-1.; Mrs. Alice W. Balley,
Minneapolis, MIinn.; Mr. Ioseph H. I-Iannen, Mrs.
Claudia Coles, 'Mrs. Howard Struven, Washington, D.
Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Chapman, St. Louis, Mo.;
Mr. john D. Bosch, Geyserville, Ca1if.; Mr. Vaughn,
New Jersey; Mrs. Olof Pary, New- York Mills, M1nn.;
Miss Barbara Fitting, Miss Marie Wilson, Boston,
Mass.; Mr. and Mrs. I-I. Goodale, Mr. and Mrs.
Packman, Mrs. Rosa Harman, Mr. and Mrs. August
Anderson, Kenosha, Wis. Miss Iosephine Locke,
Los Angeles, Calif.]
On motion by Mr. Mills, duly seconded by
Mr. Iacobsen, and unanimously adopted, the
Chairman was requested to appoint an Audit-
ing Committee to audit the accounts of the
Treasurer and Financial Secretary.
The Chairman appointed as such committee
Mr. William Addison, Mr. Harlan F. Ober
and Mr. George Lesch.
On motion, adjournment was taken until
10 a. m. Tuesday, April 30th, and the session
was closed with the singing of the "Benedic-
tion."
MORNING TUESDAY, APRIL 30, 1912,
CORINTHIAN HALL, MASONIC TEMPLE.
The session was opened by the singing of
the hymn, "Great Day of God."
Prayer: Thou, my God, and the Be-
l-oved of my heart! With the name of this
Day Thou has adorned Thy Tablet, which is
known only to Thee. Thou hast called it 'The
Day of God.' Nothing is to be seen therein
but Thy Supreme Self, and naught is to be
remembered save Thy sweetest Name. Where-
fore, when He appeared, the foundations of
nations trembled, the learned were bewildered
and the wise men were confounded, save those
who came near unto Thee, took from the
hand of Favor the pure wine of Thy Inspira-
tion, and drank in Thy name, saying: 'Praise
be unto Thee, Desire -of the nations! Braise
be to Thee, Beloved of the hearts of the
yearning!' 
Mr. Bernard M. _Taco~bsen, Secretary, sub-
mitted the following:
SEcRn'rARv's Rarosr.
Mr. Chairman, Brothers and Sisters:
The past year has been one devoted to carry-
ing out the plans of the previous Convention
when, you will remember, two essential prob-
lems were given to the Unity Committee to
carry out. One was the acquiring of the land
lying upon the Lake Front opposite the main
tract of the Temple -grounds; the other incor-
porating the Publishing Society with the Bahai
Temple Unity..
4 STAR OF THE WEST
The first of these projects was commenced
last September when Brother Hall and I ar-
ranged for interviews with Mr. Peter Conrad,
the owner of the Property. After numerous
interviews a price of $17,000 was finally agreed
upon. Mr. Conrad originally wanted $65 per
foot for this ground and required $7,000 cash
and $5,000 per year until paid. We felt that
this was more than we could carry, so the pro-
posed plan for the use of the grounds were laid
before him and he finally agreed to give us our
present terms of cash, $3,000
per year, at 5% interest until paid. This gave
us a saving in interest and a longer term to pay
the balance, which was a decided advantage for
the Unity.
Mr. Conrad became so enthused with the
object of our institutions that he has since then
offered us the use of the $3,000 which we are
to pay him in September as a loan for the pur-
chase of other grounds if desired. The spirit
of good-will has followed all of o-ur transac-
tions with these people. After acquiring these
lands we found a Mr, Yost -had several old
buildings upon the grounds, which he had
leased from Mr. Conrad. As these buildings
were undesirable and obstructed our view of
the lake, they were later removed at -our re-
quest. Some time previous a Mr. Ianko-wski, a
fisherman, had moved a small hut upon the tri-
angle of our grounds and we experienced con-
siderable difficulty in removing him. We found
it necessary to charge him a small rental, which
was placed at $1.00 per month, to prevent his
laying claim to any ownership of grounds
which would involve us in legal proceedings.
Notice was finally served upon him, but not
until suit was brought by the trustees was he
removed.
At a recent meeting of the Executive Com-
mittee plans were made for the removal of the
embankment on Sheridan Road preparatory to
putting in cement sidewalk. In going over the
matter we learned that this would cost several
hundred dollars, so we found a contractor in
Evanston, a Mr. Wigginson, who could use
this material for filling. While not suitable
for concrete work, it is an excellent substitute
for cinders. He went o-ver the ground with me
and agreed to remove the same for the use of
the material, giving us a small sum of money
besides. We thereby saved the Unity several
hundred dollars.
Also we desire to report that Mr. Bayes,
who owns the mortgage on the main tract of
land, has been consulted on several occasions
regarding an extension of said mortgage. At

