14 STAR OF
it may shine. But those who adore the mirror
become deprived of witnessing the light of the
Sun when it shines forth from another mirror.
For example, the Sun of Reality revealed itself
from the Mosaic mirror. The people who were
sincere accepted it, believed in it. When the
Sun of Reality shone from the Messianic mir-
ror, because the Jews were fettered with the
adoration of the mirror, because they were not
lovers of the Sun, therefore they did not see
nor perceive the lights and effulgence of the Sun
of Reality when it became manifest through the
Messianic mirror; hence they became deprived.
Yet the Sun of Reality shone forth from the
Messianic mirror through the Wonderful chan-
nel of Iesus Christ more fully and more won-
derfully. Its lights Were manifestly resplend-
ent, but even today, even now, the ]ews are
holding to the Mosaic mirror. Therefore they
are bereft of witnessing the lights of eternity
in Iesus. In short, the Sun is one Sun, the
light is one light, the heat is one heat, which
shines upon all phenomenal beings. Every
existent being has a portion thereof, but the
pure mirror can reveal the narrative more fully,
can tell the story more completely. Therefore
we must adore the light of the Sun no matter
through what mirror it may be revealed. We
must not be prejudiced, for prejudice is a
hindrance to realization. Inasmuch as the
effulgence is one eflfulgence therefore the
human realities must become recipients of the
same light ;--recognizing one light as the com-
pelling force that unites all, that gathers all 
for all are illuminated thereby.
Inasmuch as this century is the century of
lights, I hope that the lights of the Sun of
Reality may illumine all humanity. May the
eyes be opened, may the ears become attentive;
souls become resuscitated, and all con-
sort together in the utmost all
are and shall be recipients of the same light of
the Sun of Reality. The lights of the Sun of
Reality shall shine upon all. Pei-chance God
will remove this strife of six thousand years.
May this bloodshed pass away; may this op-
pression and tyranny cease; may this warfare
be ended. May the light of love shine forth
and illumine all hearts, and may human lives
be connected and cemented together until all
of us beneath the one tabernacle find peace and
composure, and beneath the Standard of the
Most Great Peace move steadily onward.
I shall pray now.
Prayer.
kind Lord! Thou who art generous and
THE WEST
merciful! We are the servants of Thy
threshold and We are all beneath the protec-
tion of Thy mercy. The Sun of Thy Provi-
dence is shining upon all and the clouds of
Thy mercy shower upon all, Thy favors en-
compass all, thou providest for all, thou pro-
tectestall and Thy glance of favor encompasses
all. Lord vouchsafe to us Thy infinite be-
stowals and let the light of guidance shine.
Illumine the eyes, make joyous the souls, and
confer a new spirit upon the hearts! Give them
eternal life. Open the doors of Thy knowledge,
let the light of faith shine. Unite and bring all
into one great shelter beneath the banner of Thy
protection, so that all may become the waves of
one sea, the leaves and twigs of one tree and
may be assembled beneath the shadow of the
same tent. May they drink from the same
fountain; may they be refreshed through the
same breezes; may they acquire illumination
from the same source of life. Thou are the
Giver, the Merciful!
ADDRESS AT METROPOLITAN TEMPLE RECEPTION,
SEVENTH AVENUE AND I4TH STREET, NEW
YORK CITY, MAY 28, 1912.
Stenographic Notes by E. Foster.
INTRODUCTION BY REV. I. WESLEY HILL, PRESIDENT
INTERNATIONAL PEACE FORUM.
HIS is a great occasion. It is graced
and honored by distinguished guests,
representatives of the great Interna-
tional Peace Movement, who have acquired
fame at home and abroad.
We are living in a Wonderful period; time
and distance are well nigh annihilated. Sci-
ence has out-generaled the forces of nature.
The spirit of Nationalism has been overtaken
by the larger spirit of Internationalism. The
nations of the earth are strung on one tele-
graph wire. We are living everywhere at once,
international visitations constituting one of the
glowing hopes of International Peace. When
we become better acquainted there is less of
prejudice and of traditional hostility, more of
charity brotherliness, mutual good will and
fraternity; and this makes for peace.
Messages of peace are moving all through
the world. A few months ago it was my priv-
ilege to visit the Orient. I found Japan on tip-
toe of expectation; all eyes were turned to-
ward Washington. The uppermost question in
Japan was this: "Will your Senate ratify

