4 STAR OF THE WEST
. grHeaven. Therefore rejoice and praise
ye the Lord."
come thou new Jerusalem,
Thou city of the blest;
Wherein the Light of Baha shines,
And weary hearts find rest.
Where Heaven and earth are found anew,
And passed away the old:
Where Love Divine rules over all,
As Shepherd of one fold.
Thy gates shall ever open be,
Thy Temple doors thrown wide,
Where every tear is wiped away,
Each longing satisfied.
God's Promises shall be fulfilled,
His Kingdom come on earth.
'Tis thou, fair Jerusalem,
The city of new birth.
Not in celestial realms alone,
But here within each heart,
Shall be the new Jerusalem,
Whose joys shall ne'er depart.
And every voice shall sing His praise,
And glad Hosannas ring.
O, come thou fair Jerusalem,
Thou city of our King!
Shahmzz Khanum.
The addresses continued in about the fol-
lowing order: Mr. Albert H. Hall, Minneapo-
lis, Minn.; Mrs. Anna L. Parmerton, Cincin-
nati, Mr. I. W. Latimer, Portland, Ore-
gon; Miss Ella M. Bailey, San Francisco,
Cal.; Dr. F. W. d'Evelyn, San Francisco; Miss
Abdul-Baha and the friends gathered in prayer and consultation on the spot which will some
day be crowned by the dome of the Mashrak-el-Azkar.
Elizabeth Muther, Honolulu, H. Mr. Louis
G. Gregory, Washington, D. Dr. Pauline
Barton-Peeke, Cleveland, O.
A song by Miss Lee was a delightful inter-
mission, and this was followed by greetings
presented by Mrs. Fraser, Fruitport, Micl-1.;
Mr. Roy C, Wilhelm, New York City; Mrs.
Pauline Knobloch-Hannen, of Washington,
who read an address of Abdul-Baha delivered
in Washington; Mrs. Helen S. Goodall, of
Oakland, Mrs. Claudia S. Coles, of
Washington, D. C.
A vocal solo by Mr. Paton was much en-
joyed. Mr. Mountfort Mills delivered greet-
ings and told incidents of Abdul-Baha's visit
to New York City; Mr. Willard F. Ashton,
who with Mrs. Ashton accompanied Abdul-
Baha from Egypt, shared a few experiences,
and then it was ruefully agreed that the hour
for parting had arrived; this most difficult
feature of Bahai gatherings, which causes us
to long for the joys of the world to come be-
cause "There'll be no partings there 
The closing number was the "Softly
His Voice Is Calling Now," in which all
joined.
The "Lunch Club" of Mrs. Knox, at 20 East
Randolph Street, next to the Masonic Temple,
proved admirably suited to the occasion, lend-
ing dignity and picturesqueness to the scene,
and the latter feature was enhanced by an
abundance of flowers at the tables, roses in
profusion and dainty bunches of arbutus. the
delicately fragrant harbinger of spring. While
mentioning locations, another thoughtful pro-
vision for the comfort of the delegates should
be specified. Mr. Carl Scheffler opened his

