10 STAR OF
kind, verily, ye are all the leaves of one tree;
ye are all the fruits of one tree; ye are all one.
Hence, associate with one another with amity;
love one another," abandon the prejudices of
race,' forget forever this gloomy darkness of
ignorance, for the century of Light, the Sun
of Reality hath appeared. Now is the time for
afilliation and now is the period for unification.
For six thousand years ye have been contend-
ing and warring. Enough of that! Now is the
time for unity. You should lay aside self-
purposes and know ye for a certainty that all
mankind are the servants bound together."
And inasmuch as in the past there was
caused great differences, divergences, denomi-
nations were created, every man with a new
idea, attributing that to God, He, therefore,
did not desire that among the Bahais there
should occur any difference. Therefore, with
His pen He wrote a Book of His Covenant,
addressing all the Bahais, and all His rela-
tions, saying: "Verily, I have appointed a
personage who is THE CENTER OF MY Cov-
ENANT. All must obey him; all must turn to
him; he is the erpounder of My Book and he
is informed of My purposes. All must turn to
him. Pl/hatsoever he says is correct, for,
verily, he knoweth the texts of .My Book.
Other than him no one knows the Book."
And this He said because among the Bahais
there is not to take place any difference; that
all were to be unified and agreed. Also, He
said in His prayers: God, whosoever vio-
lates My Covenant, God, humiliate him.
Verily, whosoever violates My Covenant, him,
God, erase and etlcace." In all His Tablets,
among which is the Tablet oi The Branch, He
has elucidated the various points or qualities
of that personage; He has expounded the
potency and power of that personage, so that
no person with a new desire shall say, 
understand this from the writings oi 
for He appointed the Center or Ex-
THE WEST
pounder of the Book. He said: "Verily, he
is the appointed one; other than him there
is that no sects or prejudices were
to be. formed; so that not every man with a
new thought should create a thing. It is as
though a king should appoint a governor
general. Whosoever obeys that governor gen-
eral has obeyed the king. Whosoever has
violated the governor general has violated the
king. Therefore, whosoever obeys the CEN-
ran or THE COVENANT, appointed by 
LLAH has obeyed BAHAJOJLLAI-I, and whosoever
disobeys him has disobeyed It
has nothing to do with him [Abdu1--Baha] at
all--p1"ecisely as the governor general oi a
king; whosoever obeys the governor general
obeys the king; whosoever disobeys the gov-
ernor general disobeys the king.
Therefore, you must read the Tablets of
You must read the Tablet of
The Branch. You must regard that which He
has clearly stated. Beware! Beware! if any-
one should say anything out of his own
thoughts or should create a new thing out of
himself. Beware! Beware! you should care
nothing at all for such a person, according to
the explicit Covenant of His
Holiness shuns such souls, and
for the conservation of the Teachings of
I have expounded for you, so
thatyou may be informed lest any souls shall
deceive you, lest any souls shall cause sus-
picion among you. You must love all people,
though' if any soul put you in doubt, you must
know that is quit with them.
Anyone who works for unity, who works for
amity, is a servant of and BAHA-
is his Helper and his Assistant. I ask
God that He may cause you to be the very
means of accord and unity, that He may make
you radiant, merciful, heavenly, of the King-
dom Divine; that day by day you may ad-
vance that you may become as bright as these
lamps, thus shining throughout hurnanity--and
here I bid you farewell.
OUR PERSIAN SECTION:
A word of explanation is given regarding
the re-appearance of our Persian section after
many months: As the editor, Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab, accompanied Abdul--Baha on most of
his journeyings throughout America, it was
almost impossible for him to look after the
matter, and now that he has returned to the
East, it has -become necessary to place that de-
partment in other hands.
Dr. Zia Bagdadi, who has been associated
with him in this Work, has consented to render
this service. He is located at Chicago.
The services of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab are
thoroughly appreciated and will never be for-
gotten. The good wishes of the Bahais are
with him in his travels with Abdul-Baha.
Our Persian section contains: (I) Glad-
tidings for the Orient; (2) farewell address
of Abdul-Baha at the summer home of, Mrs.
Agnes Parsons, Dublin, N. (3) announce-
ment of "The Brilliant Proof"; (4) an apology.

