STAR OF THE WEST 9
IN REMEMBRANCE
CHARLES EVERETT SPRAGUE
A a faithful worker in the Cause of El-
ABHA, Mr. Charles E. 
departed this life on the ninth of November
last, at Chicago--was well known by the
Bahais during the early days of the Move-
ment throughout America.
For many Years, while possessed of the
facilities, he was indefatigable in making
COpie5 of translated Tablets and other Utter-
ances, and in sending them broadcast to those
who were seeking the light VVhile this open~
handed and generous helpfulness was one of
the prominent characteristics of our departed
brother, yet this quality was even surpassed
in him by his firm faith in Abdul-Baha, the
Center of the Covenant.
It is pleasing to record that for some time
before his came after a six
months' decline resulting from strokes of
Sprague dwelt in the ex-
alted atmosphere of humility and resignation,
and his spirit became more and more clear
and triumphant as the end drew nigh.
The body was taken to the home of his
brother and mother in Sandy Creek, N. Y.,
and there was laid at rest in l/Voodlawn
cemetery. onore .7. fa-ran.

Those who have been in the Cause for a
number of years will remember how the
copies of Tablets from both and
Abdul-Baha, which Mr. Charles E. Sprague
sent broadcast over this country during the
early days of the Cause in America, were
appreciated. From the moment of his enter~
ing the Cause, his main thought was "service,"
and the spread of the Glad-tidings to all.
It was largely through his efforts that the
first edition of the small book of prayers re-
vealed by and Abdul-Baha was
published. This is only a very meager men-
tion of his service.
In the taking away of Mr. Chase and Mr.

Charles Everett Sprague
Sprague the visible world has lost two sincere
souls who served whole-hearteclly in whatever
field they were placed. The loving thoughts
that go with both are many, and the Cause
which both loved better than life itself will,
-we believe, receive a new impetus through
their liberated and more universal endeavors.
Edna cKi1mey.
THORNTON CHASE
American Beirut, Syria.
THE unexpected news of the death of
Thornton Chase caused sorrow to our
small group of students here. Although few
of our number had met Mr. Chase, yet those
who associated with him during his short stay
in Acca, in the presence of Abdul-Baha, never
forget his sweet and spiritual countenance.
In his face were the signs of a grand purpose
backed with a great steadfastness. In con-
versation with his Oriental brothers, he opened
his heart so that everyone could feel the out-
pouring of the spirit latent therein. His devo-
tion to the Center of the Covenant was singu-
lar. how his eyes betrayed his love!
In brief: no tongue can utter what he
deserves of praise after Abdul-Baha spoke
those spiritualizing words (which appeared in
the STAR or THE Wssr), and no eulogy can
crown his service to the Cause with wreaths
more than what the Greatest Branch of God
has done by scattering flowers over his rest-
ing-place.
On Sunday, January 12th, in
Bahai meeting, a Tablet was
memory of our departed brother.
What a great blessing it is to depart from
this world after having served the Cause with
indefatigable effort.
In closing we wish to extend our heartfelt
our Weekly
chanted in

