STAR OF THE WEST 15
THE TABLET OF 
FROM THE SUPREME PEN or 
[This has been revealed in Adrianople for Mirza Ali Riza in order that he may be
nourished by the Favors of 
HE Is ETERNAL IN ABHA HoRrzoN!
ERILY the Cause of Gon hath come upon the Clouds of Utterances and the polythe-
ists are in this Day in great torment. Verily the Hosts of Revelation have descended
with Banners of Inspiration from the Heaven of the Tablet in the Name of GOD, the
Powerful, the Mighty. At this time the monotheists all rejoice in the Victory of Gob and
His dominion and the deniers will then be in manifest perplexity.
ye people! Do ye flee from the Mercy of GOD after it hath encompassed the existent
things created between the heavens and earths? Beware lest ye prefer your own selves
before the Mercy of G01), and deprive not yourselves thereof. Verily whosoever turneth
away therefrom will be in great loss. Verily Mercy is like unto Verses which have
descended from the one heaven and from them the monotheists drink the choice wine of
Life, whilst the polytheists drink from the fiery water (Hameem); and when the Verses
of Gon are read unto them, the fire of hatred is enkindled within their breasts. Thus have
they preferred their own selves before the Mercy of G013, and are of those who are heedless.
Enter, people, beneath the shelter of the Word :--then drink therefrom the choice
wine of Inner Significances and Utterances; for therein is hidden the Kawther of the
Glorious it hath appeared from the horizon of the Will of your Lord, the
Merciful, with wonderful lights.
Say: Verily the Ocean of Pre-existence hath branched forth from this Most Great
Ocean. Blessed therefore is he who abides upon Its shores, and is of those who are estab~
lished thereon. Verily this Most Sacred Temple of BRANCH OF HoLrNEss.--
hath branched forth from the Sadrat-el-Muntaha; Blessed is whosoever has sought shelter
beneath It and is of those who rest therein!
Say: Verily the BRANCH or COMMANID hath sprung forth from this Root which Gon
hath firmly planted in the ground of the Will, the LIMB of which hath been elevated to a
station which encompasses all existence. Therefore exalted be He for this Creation, the
Lofty, the Blessed, the Inaccessible, the Mighty!
ye people! draw night unto It* and taste the fruits of Its Knowledge and V\7isdom
on the part of the Mighty, the Knowing One. Whosoever will not taste thereof shall be
deprived of the Bounty, even though he hath partaken of all that is in the earth--were
ye of those who know.
Say: Verily a Word hath gone forth in favor from the Most Great Tablet and GOD
hath adorned It with the Mantle of Himself and made It Sovereign over all in the earth
and a Sign of His Grandeur and Omnipotence among the creatures; in order that, through
It, the people shall praise their Lord the Mighty, the Powerful, the Wise; and that, through
It, they shall glorify their Creator and sanctify the Self of G01) which standeth within all
things. Verily this is naught but a Revelation upon the part of the Wise, the Ancient Onel
Say: people, praise ye G01) for Its Manifestation (THE for verily It (THE
BRANCH) is the Most Great Favor upon you and the Most Perfect Blessing upon you; and
through Him every rnouldering bone is quickened. Whosoever turns to Him hath surely
turned unto G013 and whosoever turneth away from Him hath turned away from My Beauty,
denied My Proof and is of those who transgress. Verily, He is the Remembrance of Gon
amongst you and His Trust within you and His Manifestation unto you and His Appearance
among the servants who are nigh. Thus have I been commanded to convey to you the
Message of G0-D, your Creator; and I have delivered to you that of which I was com~
manded. Whereupon, thereunto testifieth G01), then His Angels, then His Messengers,
and then His Holy Servants.
Inhale the fragrances of the Rizwan from His roses and be not of those who are
BRANCH referred to in this Tablet both as "It" 

