STAR OF THE WEST 17
and light, all bunched together in a fragrant
and beautiful bouquet. This is an indication
of the fact that tl1e United States Govern-
ment is a just government. For I see the
colored and the white seated together in one
audience, with perfect amity. The hearts are
united. It is this just government which
makes such a meeting as this possible. You
must thank God for enjoying such a gov-
ernment, a just government, thinking of the
development and security of all of you, which
deals with equity towards all, dealing from
the standpoint of a father; and in the human
world there is no greater blessing. This even-
ing I wish to speak of scientific subjects, be-
cause this is a literary or scientific society.
The virtues of humanity are numerous, but
science is the most noble of all these virtues.
All the distinctions which man enjoys above
and beyond the animal status is due to science.
Science is a bestowal of God. It is not ma-
terial; it is Divine. Science is an effulgence
of the Sun of Reality. Science is the cause
of man's discovering the verities of things.
Science is the means of man's finding a path-
way to God. All the faculties of man, the
powers of man, are human in orig-in, are the
results of the products of nature, except the
human intellect, which is supernatural. Science
and the intellect or intelligence are the dis-
coverers of all things. Science is capable of
making past ages the present ones, or uniting
them all. The events of past nations and
by-gone days science can present to you or
expose before your gaze to-day. All the dis-
coveries of by-gone days science can confer,
that is to say, the results or inferences science
can confer upon man today. It is the dis-
covery of the discoveries of the ancient clays.
The scientific power is a power which can dis-
cover the mysteries of the future. Through
the intellectual rules or logical inferences it
can deduct things which will happen in the fu-
ture. Science is the first emanation from God
towards man. All the created beings com-
prehend material perfections. But the virtue
of science, scientific acquisition, is a specialty
of man. All other existing beings or forms
of life are deprived of this attainment. This
love of reality God has deposited or created
within man. Every nation amongst the na-
tions, when they develop in the various de-
grees of science duly, so will the happiness of
such nations increase. Day by day they will
become 1n.ore distinguished. Day by day they
will be the means of producing greater means
for the comfort or convenience of the people.
All blessings are Divine in origin, but they
cannot be compared with science, for science
is an eternal bliss. Man is ever tasting its
delicious bliss. But every other blessing is
temporary. Science is a blessing which man
does not have to give up, but if he should
exercise sovereignty, perchance a day may
come when he has to forego sovereignty. But
science is a blessing, an attainment that no
man can usurp or take away from the pos-
sessor. In short, it is verily an eternal
blessing bestowed upon man. Therefore, you
must p-ut forward the greatest and most
earnest effort towards the acquisition of
sciences and arts. The more you obtain
scientific information, the more you attain to
the development of arts, the greater will be
your standard. The scientific man is per-
ceiving, whereas he who is ignorant or the
opposite of scientific, is blind. The scientific
man is attentive. The man who is un-
scientific is deaf. A scientific man may be
the representative of all humanity. For through
scientific attainments, through the inductive
method of investigation, he can know all that
exists or all that pertains to humanity.
Through the same inductive reasoning, he
can find out all that occurs and happens to
humanity. He can obtain the information
in regard to the consequences of the human
body--politic. In brief, science may be likened
to a mirror, wherein the infinite forms and
images of things can be revealed or reflected.
Therefore, endeavor in the field of science so
that day by day you may advance. Science
is the very foundation of all development.
No nation has developed or can develop with-
out a scientific basis. All the progress that
you observe in human society, is verily due
to science. We stated before that science
is a blessing supernatural. All the other
blessings of God are within the boundary of
nature. But science is beyond that boundary,
and this is the proof: All the existent beings
which we observe all around us are captives of
nature_ All the stars and all the infinite
planets which are swinging through unlim-
ited space above, are captives of nature.
All the forms of life, such as the
mineral, the vegetable and the animal, are
captives or subjects of nature, except man.
Man through science is a breaker of nature.
Man according to the natural exigencies and
natural properties is an form of
life. He is not an animate form of life in

