 OF ABDUL-BAHA 21
enabled to unite these differing peoples, so
that these opposing peoples were united to the
extent of consorting in perfect amity. Such a
unity and accord became realized among them
that they were considered as one people, one
kind, for every religion of the divine religions
is divisible into two distinct departments; one
department or division which is essential,
which is fundamental, is that which is con-
cerned with the realm of morals and ethics,
with the spiritual progress of man and that is
changeless. For example, in the Messianic
day the divine law was divided into the two
divisions. One division which was essential
concerned itself with the realm of morals, with
the spiritual susceptibilities, with the heavenly
bestowals. The other division touched upon
the material conditions, the deals among hu-
mankind, and that is accidental, and therein
there is change and transformation. For ex-
ample, in the days of 'Moses there were ten
distinct commandments with regard to murder.
In the days of Jesus these were abrogated, for
in the Mosaic day these ten commandments or
ordinances were in accordance with the ex-
igencies of the time but in the days of Jesus
these not being in conformity with the times,
were abrogated.
In short, every religion, every great religious
foundation is divisible into two departments.
One concerns the moral welfare and that is
one. It was the same in the days of Moses;
during the days of Abraham it was the same;
in the days of Jesus it. remained the same; that
is changeless and that is essential religiously.
The second division. which has to' do with the
deals of humanity; with the essential welfare
of society, is constantly subjected to changes,
in accordance with times and places. The pur-
port is this, that the different religions have for
their central aim peace. It is one light, one
ocean, one rain, and therein there is no dif-
ference at all, hence that forms the basis for
peace and amity. The various and opposing
nations that factor can bring together and
unite. The warring nations can be brought to
peace thereby. Consider how after the Mes-
sianic day the Roman empire and the Greek
nation were at warfare, what enmity was ex-
ercised toward the Greeks by the Romans.
The warring element between the Assyrians
and the Egyptians in that day is well known,
but the teachings of His Holiness Jesus Christ
proved to be the cement wherewith they were
united, they were brought to peace; warfare
ceased, strife and rancor passed away, and to-
gether they associated with the utmost of love
and amity; for strife, Warfare, and bloodshed
are the very destroyers of the human founda-
tion, whereas peace and amity are the founders
of the welfare and the bounty of humanity. For
instance, take two nations, two religions, two
races, or two peoples which have for two thou-
sand years kept peace or remained in a peace-
ful state, yet for a time to come they are in
need of that peace. Peace is ever needed, but
if the two nations should enter the battlefield
for one year, at the end of that year consider
the destruction and the tremendous demand
for peace again, for peace and unity are the
factors which bring about the comfort and
welfare of humanity, whereas warfare and
strife are the destroyers of the foundations of
society.
The human organism may be taken as an
example of the body politic. As long as the
-members and parts of the human organism are
at peace, co-'ordinate, and co-operate together
peacefully and harmoniously, we have as the
result a perfection of life in its fullest form;
where they differ we have the reverse, which
in the human organism is warfare, and when
dissension continues and discord waxes grave
in the human organism, the result is dissension
and dissolution and ultimately death. All ob-
jects, all created beings are contingent or de-
pendent upon peace, for every contingent or
phenomenal being is composed of distinct ele-
ments. As long as there is an amicable under-
standing and unity of action and co-ordination
among these elements which go to form this
phenomenal being, there we have peace, but
as soon as dissension takes place disintegra-
tion results. The purpose is this, that peace
and amity are the saving factors of society,
whereas warfare and strife are the factors
which bring about death and destruction, and
God has willed for His humankind naught but
peace and amity. All the prophets has He sent
for this purpose. For peace and amity are life
itself, whereas discord and dissension are
death and destruction.
Now, inasmuch as the reality of the religions
is one, and the difference is one of imitations,
but religion essentially is one, the existing re-
ligions must give up the imitations in order
that the Reality may enlighten them all, may
unite humanity. When people hold fast to
that Reality, that Reality being one, all shall
be united and agreed; all the religions then
shall summon people to the oneness of the
world of humanity; all the religions will sum-
mon people to justice; all the divine religions
will proclaim equality of rights; all the divine

