STAR OF THE WEST 7
closing work and consigned the stone to its
excavation, on behalf of all the people of the
world.
After Abdul-Baha had left for the city, the
friends still lingered on, holding converse and
counsel from the encircling seats within the
great tent, or wandering in groups throughout
the lovely grounds just breaking into the first
leafage of spring. At the close a group pic-
ture was taken with the now historic Marquee
tent in the background.
ADDRESSES OF ABDUL-BAHA DELIVERED AT CHICAGO
APRIL 5th, 1912.
Pusuc MEETING, CONCLUDING THE BAHAI
TEMPLE Umrv CONVENTION, DR1LL HALL,
MASONIC TEMPLE, CHICAGO, TUESDAY, APRIL
30, 
MONG the institutes of the Holy Books
A is that of the foundation of Holy Edi-
fices. That is to say, an edifice is to be
built in order that humanity might find therein
a place of meeting, and this is to be conducive
to unity and fellowship an101'1gSt them. The
real Temple is the very Law of God, for to
that all humanity must resort, and that is the
Center of Unity for all mankind. That is
the collective center. That is the cause of
accord and unity of the hearts. That is the
cause of solidarity of the human race. That
is the source of the life eternal. Temples are
the symbols of that uniting force, in order
that when the people gather there in a given
edifice of God, in the house and Temple of
God, they may recall the fact that the law has
been revealed for them and that that law is
to unite them. That just as this edifice was
founded for the unification of mankind, the
law preceding and creating this Temple was
issued therefor. His Holiness Jesus Christ,
addressing Peter, said: "Thou are the Rock,
and upon this Rock will I build my church."
This utterance of His Holiness was indica-
tive of the faith of Peter. Namely 
This faith of thine, Peter! is the very cause
of uniting the various nations and summon-
ing them to unite, and shall be the bond
uniting the hearts. It shall be a cause of
uniting the world of humanity. In brief, the
purpose of places of Worship and edifices for
adoration is simply that of unity. in order that
various nations, divergent races, varying souls,
may gather there and among them amity, love
and accord may be realized. The original
purpose is this. That is why His Holiness
has commanded that a place be
- 
'Translated by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed and taken
stenographically by Joseph H, Hannen.
built for all the religionists of the world;
that all religions and races and sects may
gather together; that the Oneness of the
human world may be proclaimed; that all
the human race is the servant of God, and
that all are Submerged in the Ocean of God's
Mercy. The world of existence may be likened
to this place. It is the Mashrak-el-Azkar.
Just as the external w01'ld is a place where
various peoples of different hues and colors,
of various faiths and denominations, meet;
just as they are submerged in the same Sea
of Favors; likewise all may meet under the
dome of the Mashrak-el-Azkar and adore the
One God in the same spirit of truth, for the
ages of darkness have passed away and the
century of light has arrived. The imaginary
prejudices are in the process of dispersion and
the Light of Unity is shining. The difference
which exists among the nations and the
peoples is soon to pass away, and the funda-
mentals of the Divine Religions, which are no
other than the solidarity and the oneness of
the human race, are to be established. For
six thousand years the human race has been
at war. It is enough! Now let them, for a
time at least, consort in amity. They enter-
tained enmity formerly. Let them for a period
exercise love. For six thousand years have
they negated each other. Each nation con-
sidering the other as infidel. It is sufficient!
We must all know that we are the servants
of One God; that we are turning to One
God; that we have one Kind Father; that
we have one Divine Law; that we have one
Reality; that we have one Desire. Thus
may we live in the utmost of amity and love
together, and for this love, for this amity,
the Favors and Bounties of God shall sur-
round us; the world of humanity will be
reformed; the human kind will find a new
life, eternal light shall shine; merciful and
Heavenly morals shall become manifested.
The Divine policies shall rule, for the Divine
policy is the oneness of the human world.

