STAR OF THE WEST 7
He also abolished certain laws of Moses which
were no longer necessary. But this change
and renewal is of secondary importance to
the Spiritual Reality of the Word in Moses
and Jesus, for it is the foundation and it
is One and Unchangeable.
Rev. Bixby: Has revealed
obligatory prayers?
A. B.: The mode and requirements of East
and West are different. It matters not
whether we bend the head in the East or
the knee in the West. The purpose of prayer
is to come nearer to God pray from the
heart fervently. If the heart is pure, it is
beautiful for the tongue to express its ecstasy.
Rev. Bixby: By what authority is BAHA-
placed with Abraham, Moses and
Jesus?
A. B.: Today we believe to
be an educator of humanity, as Abraham,
Moses and Jesus were educators. Are His
teachings worthy of serious attention? He
originated and proclaimed them. He caused
others to believe and follow them. What is
the function of a teacher and educator of
humanity? By what evidence shall we recog-
nize him? Is it not his power to train and
develop, as children are trained at school?
Has trained the children of hu-
manity? If He has opened the doors of hu-
man hearts to a higher consciousness, He is
a heavenly Educator. If He has not accom-
plished this we are privileged to deny His
claim and teaching. For the aim and function
of an Educator is to train the children of
humanity. This is His greatest proof ;--that
He has power to uplift humanity. BAHA-
either taught higher lessons or did
not. If He did, He has fulfilled His claim.
The mission of a physician is to heal sick-
ness and relieve the ailing. When he heals
there is no doubt of his ability as a physician.
If he cannot heal the sick he is disqualified.
We accept the Teachings of Moses, Jesus,
Abraham and Adam because unmistakably
they came to educate humanity. For example,
Moses arose at a time of the lowest ignorance
and humiliation of the Hebrew nation. Did
He not free them from the bondage of Egypt?
Did He not train, educate and organize them
as a nation and people. As a consequence
of His discipline did they not attain a zenith
of power? Yes, unmistakably,--up to the
time of Solomon. The philosophers of Greece
came to Palestine, sat at the feet of the He-
brew sages and were taught by them the fun-
damental principles of life. Moses produced
this result from ignorance and slavery. Can
we deny history? Can we deny that He
was an Educator?
Rev. Bixby: Has done this?
A. B.: Yes! In Persia especially He has
accomplished this miracle of training and edu-
cation. Ere long, Persia will attain a high
degree of civilization.
Rev. Bixby: Is Mirza Abul Fazl an
apostle, prophet or one delegated with special
authority?
A. B.: We do not have apostles, prophets
and special leaders, because all are servants.
We have no ecclesiastical order or authority.
Mirza Abul Fazl was trained and taught by
disciple in this sense. 
was near to but he has no
special station except the station of service.
Rev. Bixby: Were the "Letters of the
Living" appointed by the Bab abrogated by

A. B.: The "Letters of the Living" were
at first eighteen in number. The Bab said,
"Go forth and teach others the Message you
have received." Among them were some of
great ability, who became prominent. Some
disappeared. They were not appointed as a
secret order. did not abrogate
their function. As an organization of be-
lievers in the Bab it passed away by itself,--
naturally. The Bab said, "These are the ac-
ceptors of my teachings." They had no of-
ficial station. He did not depend upon them
as His clergy. They Were servants of the
Cause of God. Whoever is near to God is
a servant of God.
Rev. Bixby: Did not Subh-i-Ezel occupy
an authoritative position?
A. B.: educated him just as
He educated Mirza Abul Fazl and myself.
Subh-i--Ezel separated voluntarily. He did
not follow his Teacher as we have done.
Therefore we do not mention his name. We
have no quarrel with those who differ, but
are commanded to love them.
Rev. Bixb-y: HOW can we receive more
from the Teaching of than from
the Words of Jesus?
A. B.: Jesus and the former Prophets laid
the foundation of the Cause of God,--the
Heavenly Kingdom. But their followers for-
get and overlook the foundation. Christ said,
"Ye must be born again of water and spirit."
"As children from the womb, so must ye
be born again of Spirit." The essence of His
meaning was that those who were taught by
Him and became His real followers would

