STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Chicago (Aug. 1, 1912) Asma No. 8
ADDRESSES DELIVERED BY ABDUL-BAHA IN NEW YORK CITY
AND VICINITY.
Compiled from stenographic notes and edited by Mr. Howard MacNutt.
ADDRESS or ABDUL-BAHA AT Srumo or 
PHILLIPS, 39 W. 67TH ST., New YORK CITY,
APRIL I2, 1912, 8 P. M.
From Notes by John Grundy.
GIVE you greeting in love and unity. The
I affairs of this world are to be accounted as
nothing compared to the joy and heavenly
happiness of meeting the Friends of God. It
is to experience this great joy and blessing
that I have come here although weary from
my long voyage upon the sea. Tonight I
am in greatest happiness, looking upon this
Concourse of God. Your meeting here is
surely an evidence that you are upholding the
Cause of God; that you are aiding and assist-
ing in establishing the Kingdom of God.
Therefore the culmination of my happiness is
to look upon your faces and realize that you
have been brought together by the power of
the Blessed Perfection In this
meeting you are upholding His Standard and
assisting His Cause. Therefore I behold in
you the making of a goodly tree upon which
Divine fruits will appear to give sustenance to
the world of humanity.
With hearts set aglow by the Fire of the
Love of God and spirits refreshed by the
Food of the Heavenly Spirit you must go
forth as the disciples nineteen hundred years
ago quickening the hearts of men by the call
of glad tidings, the Light of God in your faces,
severed from everything save God. Therefore
order your lives in accordance with the first
principle of the Divine teaching, which is love.
Service to humanity is service to God. Let the
love and light_ of the Kingdom radiate
through you until all who look upon you shall
be illumined by its reflection. Be as stars
brilliant and sparkling in the loftiness of their
heavenly station. Do you appreciate the Day
in which you live?
This is the Century of the Blessed Perfec-
tion!
This is the Cycle of the Light of His
Beauty!
This is the Consummate Day of all the
Prophets!
These are the days of seed-sowing. These
are the days of tree-planting. The bountiful
Bestowals of God are successive. He who
sows a seed in this day will behold his reward
in the fruits and harvest of the Heavenly
Kingdom. This timely seed when planted in
the hearts of the beloved of God will be
watered by showers of Divine mercy and
warmed by the sunshine of Divine love. Its
fruitage and flower shall be the solidarity of
mankind, perfection of justice and praise-
Worthy attributes of heaven manifest in
humanity. All who sow such a seed, plant
such a tree according to the teachings of
shall surely witness this Divine
outcome in all degrees of its perfection and
will attain unto the good-pleasure of His High-
ness the Merciful One.
Today the nations of the world are self-
engaged ;--occupied with mortal and transitory
accomplishments ;--consumed by the fires of
passion and self. Self is dominant ;--enmity
and animosity prevail. Nations and peoples
are thinking only of their interests
and outcomes. The clash of war and din of
strife is heard among them. But the Friends
of the Blessed Perfection have no thoughts
save the thoughts of heaven and the Loveof
God. Therefore you must Without delay em-
ploy your powers in spreading the effulgent
glow of the Love of God and so order your
lives that you may be known and seen as ex-
amples of its radiance. You must deal with
all in loving kindness in order that this
precious seed entrusted to your planting may
continue to grow and bring forth its perfect
fruit. The Love and Mercy of God will ac-
complish this through you if you have love in
your own heart.
The doors of the Kingdom are opened! The

