12 STAR OF
provided for him. How ignorant such a child
is! how heedless! The Father has wished
for him Glory Eternal, and he is content
with the greatest deprivation. The Father
has built for him -a royal palace, but he is
playing with dust. The Father has prepared
for him garments of silk, but he is content
with his nakedness. The Father has prepared
for him the most delicious foods and most
luscious fruits, while he seeks the grasses of
the fields. Such is the analogy.
Praise be to God! you have heard the call
of the Kingdom! You have opened your
eyes; you have turned to God. Your object
is the good-pleasure of God. Your purpose
is the understanding of the mysteries of the
heart and your intention is to discover the
realities. Day and night must you think,
strive and investigate, that you may attain to
the mysteries of the Kingdom; that you may
learn the evidences of Divinity; that you may
attain certainty in knowledge; that you may
know this world has a Creator, has a Maker,
has a Resuscitator, has a Provider, has an
Architect--but know this through proofs and
evidences, not through susceptibilities; nay
rather through decisive proofs, evident argu-
ments and real vision--that is to say, visual-
izing it just as you visualize the sun. May
you with complete certainty behold the signs
of God and attain to the knowledge of the
Holy, Divine Manifestations.
You must come into the knowledge of the
Divine Manifestations through proofs and evi-
dences. You must know the teachings of the
Holy Divine Manifestations. You must learn
the mysteries of the Divine Kingdom. You
must become capable of discovering the reali-
ties of things. Thus may you become the
manifestations of the mercy of God and real
be1ievers,--firm and steadfast in the Cause of
God.
Praise be to God! the door of the Knowl-
edge of God has been opened by 
For He has laid the foundation whereby man
may become acquainted with the verities of
heaven and earth, and has bestowed the utmost
confirmation. He is our teacher; He is our
adviser; He is our seer. He is the one
clement towards us. He has prepared all His
gifts. He has vouchsafed His Providence.
Every admonition has He given unto us.
Every behest has he uttered for us. He
has prepared for us the means of eternal
majesty. He has breathed for us the breaths
of the Holy Spirit. He has opened before our
faces the doors of the Paradise of Anna. The
THE WEST
Lights of the Sun of Reality has He caused to
shine upon us. The clouds of mercy have
poured down upon us. The sea of favor is
surging towards us. The spiritual springtime
has come. The infinite bounties and favors
have appeared. 'What therefore is greater
than this? Vi/hat bestowal is greater than
this? \Ve must appreciate this and act in ac-
cordance with the teachings of 
so that all good may be stored up for us and
in both worlds we shall become precious, at-
tain to the blessing everlasting, taste the deli-
cacy of the Love of God, find the sweetness
of the Knowledge of God, see the bestowal of
Heaven and witness the Power of the Holy
Spirit.
This is my advice and this is my admonition.
ADDRESS or AT ALL UNI-
TARIAN CHURCH, FOURTH AVE. AND TWEN-
TIETH Sr., NEW YORK Crrv, R1-:v. LEON A.
HARVEY, PASTOR, SUNDAY, JULY 14, 1912?'
PRAYER AND INTRODUCTION BY THE PASTOR.
thank Thee God, our Father, that
 there have been those who have seen
the vision of Thy Glory more 
whose eyes have seen with deeper penetration
the possibilities of man and have spoken words
to uplift man to higher levels. 'Ne thank
Thee that this same vision of hope is in every
human soul. We pray that we may realize
the unlimited possibilities of our manhood
and womanhood. Thou art Father of all;
therefore we are brothers and sisters. 'We
thank Thee for him whom we shall hear this
morning and pray that whatever may come
to us may not fall upon barren soil. Bless
us and lead us in the ways everlasting.
Amen!
Few churches could have 'gathered such a
congregation as this in New York City upon
a hot summer morning. The life of Abdul-
Baha is familiar to most of you. Sixty years
ago the Vision of Spirit came to the Bab in
Persia. Ten years afterward this Vision
came afresh to father of our
speaker today. was a prisoner
and exile forty years.
Is it a wonder that his son who shared
this imprisonment should have devoted his
life to carrying on His work? Abdul-Baha
will speak upon the "Oneness of Humanity,"
--showing its accomplishment among the di-
*Trans1ated by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed; notes by
Messrs. John G. Grundy and Howard MacNutt.

