STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the World and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of afiection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strites,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Chicago (September Z7, 1912) Masheyat N0. ll
WITH ABDUL-BAHA IN DUBLIN, NEW HAMPSHIRE.
BY JOSEPH H. HANNEN.
a mean altitude of something like 1,700
A feet (and that, if one may be pardoned
an apparent anarchronism, is no mean
altitude) the historic village of Dublin lies, a
gem amid the verdure--clad hills of New Hamp-
shire, and recently shining with p-articular lus-
tre because of the presence of Abdul-Baha,
The Servant of God, and the consequent cen-
tering of the spiritual rays, which focus from
all the world where he is.
The village of Dublin proper is three miles
from the railroad, the station being Harris-
ville. Antedating the railroad, it is one of the
points which even that willing servant of the
people, which winds and twists tortuously in
an effort to Oblige all, has not reached. And
this is fortunate for the preservation of the
beauties of nature. The population of Dublin
during the summer is about five times that of
the winter, and as a resident says, it might as
well be locked up in midwinter, as indeed it is
isolated by the elements. But now the Winters
are usually busy seasons of building, as new
summer homes are planned, the while nature is
creating materials. for the glorious panorama
of recurring spring and summer. For many
picturesque and splendid estates are to be
found here, making of this favored spot a
kind of Switzerland, with lines softened be-
cause of the wooded hills and the abundant
verdure of the earth, which burgeons and blos-
soms in almost tropical luxuriance.
Here the traveler is reminded of Haifa, in
Syria, and Abdul-Baha agreed to the resem-
blance, adding, "It is warmer there!" for even
in midsummer the air in Dublin is delightfully
cool and the nights almost cold.
Hither the writer with Mrs. Hannen and
Miss Knobloch was hidden, to spend a night
and a day. Reaching Harrisville late i11 the
afternoon of Tuesday, July 30, 1912, our first
and joyful surprise was to be met at Harris-
ville by Abdul-Baha, who had come over from
Dublin with Mrs. Parsons for that purpose,
the latter also welcoming an expected guest.
Mirza Vali'o'llah Khan was on hand to inter-
pret and to add to the home-coming aspect of
the occasion. First bestowing his guests in a
waiting automobile and seeing to their comfort
and happiness, Abdul-Baha joined Mrs. Par-
sons and Mrs. Ford in a carriage, and We were
rapidly whisked to the Dublin Inn, a quaint
and exquisitely--appointed hostelry just suited
to the surroundings. Such is the magic of this
p-lace that in the vastness of the hill-country
even the "honk, honk!" of the auto, seemed
subdued, and the sense of being part of a
scene of primal magnificence Was not disturbed
by the means of transportation, the electric
lights and modern conveniences which abound.
Dublin has long been known to the friends as
the summer home of Mr. and Mrs. Arthur I.
Parsons, and now for a time it is the Spiritual
Summer Capital-of the Republic of Religions
--God's Covenant with man of which Abdul-
Baha is the Center!
At the inn we found Mrs. Hoagg and Mrs.
Cline, of San Francisco, and we learned that
Mr. Geo-rge Latimer, of Portland, Oregon, was
also a visitor. As we had come from Port-
land, Maine, and the meeting of
extremes was evidenced by the fact that the
little party of pilgrims were from -Portland,
Maine, to Portland, Oregon, San Francisco to
Washington, thus spanning the continent from
two points, a demonstration of the power of
the Word of Then in the party
with Abdul-Baha were representatives of Per-
sia, Syria, Russia and Egypt. A cosmopolitan
gathering truly, and one which is attracting
much attention in that section; although the
naturalness and simplicity manifested by all
makes them seem quite at home. This was
manifested by Abdul-Baha at the station; the
master of the situation, issuing his orders
quietly, passing around among trainmen and
-officials, the scene might well have been in
Akka or Haifa I

