 OF ABDUL-BAHA 5
the greatest effort. His holiness the Afnan
devoted all his wealth to it. Everything he
had he gave for it. Hence such a tremendous
edifice was built. A colossal etfort was put
forward. Notwithstanding their contributions
to that Mashralt-el-Azkar, they have, as you
know, contributed to you here in this city.
Now that one is almost complete, that is to
say, with all its gardens. That Mashrak-eh
Azkar is centrally located. It has nine ave-
nues, nine gardens, nine fountains, so it is
nine on nine, all nines. It is like a beautiful
bouquet. Inst imagine an edifice of that beauty
in the center, very lofty, surrounded centrally
by gardens, variegated flowers, with nine ave-
nues interlacing' nine gardens, nine ponds and
nine fountains, and see how delightful it must
be! That is the way it should be. It is match-
less, most beautiful! Such is the design. And
now they are at Work building a Hpspital and
a School for Orphans and a Home for the
Cripples and a large Dispensary and a Hospice.
They are now planning, thinking of these
things. "When that, God willing, shall be com-
pleted, it will be a Paradise! There will be
no greater geometry than this, and I hope that
in Chicago it shall be like this. It will be
even so. Therefore endeavor to have the
ground circular in shape. If possible even
exchange certain parts in order to have a cir-
cular piece; not to have a triangle. The
Mashralc-el--Azkar could not be triangular in
shape. It must be circular.
ADDRESS or AT HULL House,
APRIL 30, r912.*
to discuss for you a philosophic sub-
I subject of Divine Philosophy,
which is abstruse in its nature, and I Want
your closest attention for its consideration.
In all the existing beings of the phenomenal
world there are two aspects, one common t0
all species and one a distinguishing feature of
each phenomenal being. All existing beings,
as regards their material aspect or bounty,
are alike, for all are material. But there
is a point of distinction. As regards their
bodies, the material of which they are formed,
they have that in common, they are one,
but as regards the kind and specie there
is a distinction. The mineral and vegetable,
the animal and the human, are all material as
far as bodies are concerned. That is what is
philosophically termed the Point of Contact,
*Trans1ated by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed and taken
stenographifially by Joseph H. Hannen.
or common to all. But as regards the" dis-
tinction of kind, the mineral is distinct. The
vegetable is distinct from the animal and as
regards the peculiar kind and specie man is
distinct from the animal. That is the point of
distinction. If the points of contact, which
are the material points and common properties
to human nature, overcome these peculiar
points of distinction, then unity is assured. On
the other hand, if the points of differentiation
or distinction should overcome the points of
contact, then difference results.
Now, the question of the colored and the
white is one in which both, as regards the
material, are one and there are certain points
of distinction. Their points of contact are
numerous, for the colored and the white
are both human or body, and both have
what is known as the body vegetative, both
have the tangible properties. These are the
points of partnership. It has become evident,
therefore, that the points of contact between
the two are four; both are material, human;
both, the same as the vegetable, have that
property augmentative; both, as the animal,
have the tangible senses, and both are endowed
with intelligence. And as regards you here in
this country, there is another point of impor-
tance, namely, patriotism. That is common to
both. And from the standpoint of language,
you share that, both of you speak one tongue,
and you have in common the same civiliza-
tion. And now, with these numerous points
of partnership or contact and the one point
of difference, which is of the least importance,
that of color, are you going to allow this least
of differences, namely, that of color, to sepa-
rate you? From the standpoint of the body.
you have that in common. The property aug-
mentative you have in common. All the five
senses and tangible properties of man, you
share. As regards intelligence, you are both
endowed therewith. Patriotism is common to
both. From the standpoint of language there
is a p0i1'IlI of contact. Your civilization is one
and the same. From the standpoint of re-
ligion you are one and the same. One point
of distinction, and that is in color. Is it meet,
is it becoming, with all these points of con-
tact, for this least point of distinction or dit-
ference should there be any separation or dif-
ference: indeed, notl God is not pleased,
nor is any intelligent man pleased, nor is any
reasonable man willing to have any difference
because of that. But there is need of a great,
powerful agent which can overcome all these
prejudices. A power which nothing in the

