STAR OF THE WEST 5
TABLE-TALK BY ABDUL-BAHA AT CLEVELAND, O.
MAY em, 1912.
LEVELAND was the fourth city to have
the blessed privilege of a visit from Ab-
dul-Baha, who came here from Chicago,
May 6. Only a short time had been given to
herald his coming, yet the auditorium of Hotel
Euclid, seating about four hundred, was filled
with people whose hearts rejoiced as they lis-
tened to the address delivered by him, and
which appeared in the last issue of the STAR
or THE WEST.
The photograph of the Cleveland friends
with Abdul-Baha, reproduced herewith, was
to be founded. The radiance of the kingdom
shall be diffused. Material civilization is
likened to the body, whereas the divine civiliza-
tion is likened to the spirit. The body not
manifesting the spirit is dead; the fruitless
tree is useless.
"Jesus declares that there is spiritual capac-
ity in some people; for all are not submerged
in the sea of materialism, They seek the
spirit; they turn to God and they long for the
Kingdom. I hope that these revered people
may obtain both phases of progress; both ma-
Abdnl-Baha at Dr. Swingle's Sanitarium, Cleveland, 0., May 6, 1912.
taken at Dr Swingle's Sanitorium, where the
following Table-Talk* was given:
"This is a good city, a pleasant city. The cli-
mate is pleasant; the views are charming. All
the cities of America seem to be large and
beautiful and the people are prosperous. Truly
the American continent has advanced very
much and in the future will advance greatly.
It will lead all other nations spiritually, for its
illumination is far-reaching. The flag of free-
dom-, the banner of liberty is unfurled; but the
prosperity and advancement of every city, the
happiness and the greatness of every country
depend upon its hearing and becoming obedi-
ent to the call of God. The light of reality
must shine therein. Divine civilization needs
*Tran_slated by Dr. -Ameen -U. Fareed, and taken
steno-graphically by Sigel T. Brooks.
terial and spiritual progress. Just as they have
advanced along material lines so remarkably,
so may they likewise advance in spiritual devel-
opment until the body be most refined and
beautiful and obtain the wealth of the spiritual
potentiality and efficiency.
"Praise be to God! the Sun of Reality has
dawned and its effulgences are shining from all
horizons. The signs of God are resplendent
and the teachings of the heavenly teachers are
promulgated. In order that all created beings
may obtain a portion of the Divine bestowals,
may their hearts be directed to the Kingdom of
God and become illuminated by witnessing the
lights of Godl May the spirit be regained
through the Divine 'graces of the Lord, and
may the East and the West be bound together!
Thus may oneness and harmony manifest itself

