STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of afiection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and dififerences of race be annulled. So 1t shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Chicago (March Z, 1913) Ola No. 19
WITH ABDUL-BAHA IN LONDON
EXTRACTS FROM LETTERS WRITTEN BY MIRZA AHMAD sonnets
December I6, 1912.
nine this morning we left the
A hotel in Liverpool, walking to the Lime
-street station, where We Were to take the
train for London, Monsieur Dreyfus-Barney
going before to secure tickets. Arriving at the
station we took our compartment, M. Dreyfus-
Barney, Ahmad Yazdi, Mrs. Fraser and Miss
Herrick traveling with Abdul-Baha. On the
way he spoke to Mrs. Fraser and Miss Herrick
and said, am most pleased with you. You are
the real servants of the Covenant." To Mrs.
Fraser he said: "You have written excellent
articles in the papers in regard to the Cause,
I will never forget these services of yours.
You must become like a burning torch so that
you may be able to melt mountains of snow.
Europe is filled with mountains which are
snowcapped all the year around. May you at-
tain to such a degree of heat that you may
melt the snow. Europe is submerged in ma-
terialism. People are not thinking of God.
All their attention is turned toward matter
and nature. Like unto the cows they graze
in the meadows which are overgrown with
grass. They can see nothing beyond their
noses. America is much better. People in
that country are investigating the Reality.
They are more susceptible to spiritual life."
At one-forty p. m. the train reached Euston
station, London. About fifty Bahais were
there to welcome Abdul-Baha. Lady Blom-
field with her two daughters and automobile
were at the station. The Master went to 97
Cadogan Gardens without an interpreter. Later
on they told us that he spoke English to them
all the time. Lady Blomfield is a very re-
markable woman, a most sincere Bahai, an ac-
tive worker, and an enthusiastic speaker; really
a wonderful woman.
Abdul-Baha rested part of the afternoon.
After a walk in the garden nearby, the news-
paper men and women came. The subjects
covered a wide range; a review of his trip in
America, a message to the people of London,
a synopsis of the Teachings of 
and many minor questions. Then he attended
to his mail, acknowledging telegram from
Stuttgart expressing happiness at his safe
arrival; invitations from Edinburgh, etc. The
Master is going to visit that country.
At eight o'clock we had dinner, at which
several people were present, among whom
was a minister of a church in Switzerland
who had heard the Message. Abdul-Baha
spoke with him in detail, giving him an ac-
count of an imposing religious procession in
Denver and its contrast with the simple life
of Christ. It was very graphic, very impres-
sive and showed how far Christian-
ity has lost sight of its original foundation.
December I7, 1912.
This morning Abdul-Baha spoke about
America and the probability of his return to
that country. He said: "God willing! If I
go to America another time I will go differ-
ently; but it is very difficult. This first trip
Was made with great exertion." As I was
reading one of his addresses delivered in
America, he said it would be Well if all his
addresses in that country could be printed in
one or two volumes. At present, he declared,
they are all scattered and not collected. He
called attention to how quickly the Paris and
London addresses delivered last year were
printed; and this was done through one
woman, Lady Blomfield. Some one men-
tioned the name of a prominent wealthy
woman and he said: "One of these poor,
sincere and honest Women is more beloved
by me than a thousand millionaires; just now
this Lady Blomfield is dearer to me than all
the queens of the World."
In Belfast, Ireland, lives a fine Bahai, a
splendid believer. She traveled all day and
night to see the Master. He Welcomed her

