STAR OF 
the peace treaties?" And I was assured by the
representatives of the present government that
with the ratification of that treaty Japan was
ready to become a party and to enter into this
plan to arbitrate all international differences.
In China I found the same spirit: the repre-
sentatives of the new republic interested in
international amity. All the world is inter-
ested in it. We have had enough of warfare,
enough of bloodshed, enough of national hu-
miliation and abasement. We are ready for a
new era, an era of peace and universal good
will, an era in which universal brotherhood
shall be recognized, and in which the misun-
derstanding of the countries will be settled in
court rather than on the field of bloodshed and
war.
I am not here to speak; I was invited to pre-
side. I am glad to be here, not only as the
former pastor of the Metropolitan Temple, but
as one who, in his humble way, has contributed
all in his power toward the advancement of
industrial and international peace.
ADDRESS BY REV. FREDERICK 
I do not intend to discuss any phases of the
Peace question. I don't want to stand here
and take your time when I know you want to
listen to one who comes from the East. As
in ancient times, wisdom comes to us from the
East again.
I have been exceedingly interested in the visit
of Abdul-'Baha to this country. I have had the
pleasure of hearing him and meeting him sev-
eral times. It may interest you to know where
I first saw him. It was at Charles Grant
Kennedy's play, the "Terrible Meek," a play
to show us that we are not in this world to
kill but to love each other, and that we are
not to go about in this world with the smell
of blood upon us, but we are in this world to
carry blessing to mankind. I was interested
to see that this Leader, this Prophet, should
have been at this great play. I had the pleas-
ure next of seeing him at Lake Mohonk and
hearing the most remarkable address I have
ever listened to. The address of the evening
was full of this one thing, the unity of man-
kind. We are in this world,--one. When you
get beneath the different languages, different
nationalities, different races, different colors,
different temperaments, after all, we are one.
The minds may vary but the human heart is
one.
It seems to me that the great note of the
twentieth century is its universality; we have
gotten away from provincialism; we have got-
HE WEST 15
ten away from boundaries; we are getting
away from nationalism; it is universality which
is the great note of this century. It is true in
politics. The last century, the nineteenth cen-
tury, was the time of upbuilding. Our own
nation during this century built its States into
one compact whole. We established a parlia-
ment at Washington Where all the States' rep-
resentatives make laws for the nation, and we
established a court at Washington where dis-
putes may be settled. That was the great taslt
of the nineteenth century, the task of nation-
alism. It is internationalism--world politics-
that we are entering; upon in this century.
Now we are going to put a world parliament
at the head where the nations shall take their
disputes to be settled as the States have taken
theirs.
We are signing arbitration treaties. In the
last century hardly any treaties were signed at
all. In the first twelve years of this century
(twentieth century) one hundred and one ar-
bitration treaties have been signed.
I don't want to continue this theme, but to
throw this out to show how the great things
pertaining to national universality is the twen-
tieth century note. The same thing is true in
religions. The last century was the century
of denominations. The last century was the
century of nationalism oi religion, but this
twentieth century is the century of universality
of religion. All our great religions are be-
ginning to spread throughout the world, and
we are beginning to find that which is good in
them all. All that is good in the religions oi
the World, take will arise one great universal religion which
will be made up of all that is good and truest
and best in all the others.
Now I welcome this great man today be-
cause he stands for all these things. He has
come to this country modestly. His modesty
has impressed the country greatly. He has
taught that one lesson of the oneness of man-
kind--that we are all children of the one Fa-
ther. He comes here only in the cause of re-
ligion and has raised up a great following, a
following which stands for these great truths:
the universal love of God, brotherhood and
good will to man. I am glad to say Abdul-
Baha will speak.
ADDRESS BY ABDUL-BAI-IA.
Among self-evident subjects is the Father-
hood of God. For it is as clear as sun at mid-
day that there is no one kinder than God, no
(Continued on page nineteen)

