6 STAR OF THE WEST
Frank G. Tyrrell, an attorney, a friend of the
departed, read a short sketch of Mr. Chase's
life~--that he was born in Springfield, Mass,
February 22, I847, and for some time in his
youth lived in the family and was a pupil of
Rev. Samuel F. Smith, who wrote "America."
At the age of seventeen he joined the army,
serving during the last year and a half of the
Civil War, entering as second lieutenant and
rising to the rank of captain. So great was
Mr. Chase's modesty that some of his best
friends were not acquainted with this fact.
After the war he entered Brown Univer-
sity. Later he spent some years in Denver,
engaging in the business of insurance. He
was made superintendent of agencies of the
Union Mutual Life Insurance Company, with
headquarters in Chicago, from which point he
traveled for many years. About two years
ago he located in Los Angeles, Cal.
Mr. Tyrrell said such a life and such quali-
ties would never die; that Mr. Chase was :1
man who inspired love and implicit trust.
During the years he had known the departed,
not one word of condemnation or carping
criticism had he heard to pass his lips. He
read from I. Thess. and said that
when we on earth are saying a man is dead,
the angels are saying a man is born.
The body was laid in beautiful Inglewood
Cemetery.
On Sunday afternoon, October 6th, a memo-
rial service was held in Cleveland Hall, led by
Mrs. Rosa V. Winter-burn, who opened with
the Greatest Name and prayer, followed by
selections from Mr. Chase's book, "The Bahai
Revelation." She traced the underlying thought
of the author, to show how he had reasoned
out his faith and his belief in this Revelation,
taking as a foundation both the Old and
New Testament, the words of the prophets, of
St. Paul and Jesus Christ, building it, step
by step, into a noble structure which neither
his reason could deny nor his heart reject.
Some of the personal Tablets of the de-
parted were read; also selections giving the
Bahai view of death and the future life.
Mr. Rice-Wray gave a brief address, stating
what the life of our brother had meant to him.
At the close of the service Mrs. Chase gave
a short talk which rejoiced the hearts of all
present. She told the circumstances leading
up to Mr. Chase's first hearing of the Revela-
tion and accepting the same, and how great had
been his search after Truth and the convic-
tion that he had found the thing for which his
heart hadpalways longed. She also spoke of
his beautiful Christian mother who gave her
life for him, and of his love for her all through
life. Los Angeles Ba!/mi Assembly.
A TRIBUTE FROM PORTLAND, OREGON.
Thornton Chase, whose frequent visits to our
assembly and whose words of good cheer and
hopefulness gave us so rnuch encouragement,
has passed into the unseen. We are sad when
we think of how much we shall miss him
and his words of comfort, and glad that we
have known him; glad that we have found in
him the genuine friendship of the true man;
glad that he brought to us the message a11d the
true spirit of and left with us
a unity that proclaimed a divine life.
Thornton Chase was a noble-minded and a
large-hearted man. He understood the spir-
itual meaning of the Bahai life and had at-
tained a height in his own experience reached
by few. His greatest joy was in seeing others,
especially those near and dear to him, coming
into the Bahai light which he sincerely believed
to be the Light of God. Every one loved him
because he was a supremely lovable man. He
knew Abdul-Baha as but few knew him, and
to have passed away on the eve of the arrival
of the one he loved so much is one of the
mysteries we can never solve. Thornton Chase
had a mind that was deeply spiritual as well
as philosophical and had a profound grasp of
the Bahai movement. In answer to a letter to
one of our members, speaking of his aims in
life, he says:
cannot doubt that some of the 'invisible
Light' has shone on my pathway and all that
little of that Light
reflect on others. Moments of the inner joy-
ousness that Light brings are worth years of
valley living. To breathe once the air of the
mountain top is to ever long for the mountains
thereafter."
Rev. David Buchanan.
A TRIBUTE FROM CHICAGO.
The World suffered a great loss in the death
of Thornton Chase, which took place in Los
Angeles, Cal.; but looking at it in the greater
sense, which is the only true way, we should
not grieve, as death but separated him from
this narrow world of limitations to pass
through the Pearly Gates into the realms of
might and glory. Yet the world that knew
him shall know him no more, a11d his bril-
liant efforts must now be universal, as indi-
vidually we will not again meet him here, and

