20 STAR OF THE 
must go. I am very much pleased with these
children. These are all my children. Know
ye the value of these children, for they are
my children!
Anntozss on ABDUL-BAI-IA AT run Home or .MR.
AND Mas. Pansons, 5 P. M., 
APRIL 24, 191235'
OU are most welcome this afternoon-~
very welcome. I am ever happy to see
you. I ask God that meeting me may be
productive of results; that it may not be like
ordinary meetings. For everyone who is in-
terested in public affairs, who meets people in
groups, has some interest; but, praise be to
God! I have no personal interests. I have an
interest of the Kingdom. I have a sincere in-
tention. I have perfect love for you. There-
fore I have traveled this long distance. I hope
that these associations and gatherings may be
productive of great results, and there is no
greater result than the love of God. There is
no greater result than the bonds of the King-
dom. There is no greater result than the
attainment of the good pleasure of the Lord.
Therefore I hope that your hearts may be
directed to the Kingdom of God; that your
intentions may be sincere; that your undertak-
ings may be directed towards general philan-
thropy; that you may not consider your own;
that you may not be thoughtful of your own
welfare. Nay, that all your intents and pur-
poses be the Welfare of humanity. That you
may sacrifice yourselves in the path of the
World of humanity. Just as His Holiness
Jesus Christ forfeited His life for humanity,
may you likewise sacrifice yourselves for the
world of humanity. Inst as His I-Ioliness
bore the great 01-deals and di1?fi-
culties for fifty years for you, may you also
for the love of the general stock bear all dith-
culties, and withstand the greatest catastrophes.
But that you may bear these catastrophes in
the path of humanity most willingly and joy-
ously. For every night is followed by a day,
and every day has a night. Every spring has
an autumn and every autumn has its spring.
The days of the Manifestations of God may be
liitened to the spring season. For example, the
appearance of His Holiness Christ was a di-
vine Spring-time. Therefore it caused a great
commotion or movement in the world of hu-
manity. The Sun of Reality dawned; the
Cloud of Mercy poured down its rain; the
*T1-anslated by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed and taken
stenographically by Joseph H. Hannen.
of Providence moved; the world be-
came a new world; the world of humanity
obtained an extraordinary radiance; the 501115
were educated; the minds were developed;
the intelligences became acute, and, as it were,
the world of humanity, like unto the spring
season, attained a new freshness of the spirit.
But gradually, little by little, that spring was
followed by the autumn. The teachings of
His Holiness Christ were forgotten. The
Christ-bounties ceased. The Divine Morals
were forgotten. That day ended in a night.
The people became negligent. The minds be-
came weakened, until it reached such condition
that material science gained the upper hand.
The knowledges or sciences of the Kingdom
were forgotten, the Mysteries of God be-
came quite latent, and of the Bounties of
His Holiness Christ no trace remained. All
people were enmeshed in superstition and
imitation. Of the 'World of Reality no sign
was left behind. Hence strife and discord
became rampant, and that culminated in war
and bloodshed. The hearts were disunited.
Various denominations came into being, or
various sects and various creeds came into
the arenas, and the world of humanity, as
it were, was engulfed in darkness. Strife and
warfare toolc such a turn that the very con-
stitution of humanity trembled. At such a
time as this, His Holiness, 
dawned from Persia and he reformed or caused
to reappear the same fundamentals and very
realities of the Christ Teachings. He endured
the greatest difficulties. He saw the severest
oi-deals. Praise be to God! that the teachings
of God, the Light of Reality dawned once
again, and it is daily developing. The lights
are daily shining more gloriously. The Cloud
of Mercy is causing a downpour. The Sun
of Reality is ever shining. Therefore, we are
once more made hopeful that the same Spring
may pitch its tent hither; that these endless
bestowals may appear once more; and that
is made feasible through your efforts, through
your sincerity. If you, with a Divine Power,
Heavenly Bounty, sincerity of the Kingdom,
merciful heart and a decisive intention, stand
up, it is certain that the world of humanity
will become entirely illumined; the morals of
humanity will become merciful; the founda-
tions of the Most Great Peace will be laid;
the oneness of the realm of man will become
a reality, This is the great bestowal I wish for
You, and I pray and supplicate the Threshold
of God, imploring in your behalf:

