22 WISDOM-TALKS
religions will summon people to the mercy of
God; all the divine religions will admonish
people to virtue. The foundation is one, there
is no' difference therein. If the essentials of
religion, therefore, be observed, peace shall be
the result, and when we study conditions we
find that the conditions existing are due only
to imitations which have crept into the reli-
gions, and the differences in the imitations
have caused these various sectarian denomina-
tions and sects.
Andi now let us consider the various people
of the world. They all belong to one kind,
and let us recall the fact that the various
nations of the world--the American, the
English, the French, the German, all the
continental nations, even the Turks and Per-
sians, belong to the same Adam, belong to the
same should they have dissen-
sion? The surface of the earth is one nativity
and that nativity was intended for all. God
did not place these boundaries. Why should
a matter which has not been originally destined
by God, namely, the imaginary boundary lines
placed by humankind, be made the bone of
contention and the cause of differences? God
has created all humanity; He has provided for
all; He is preserving all, and all are submerged
in the ocean of His mercy. Not a single soul
is deprived. Now, inasmuch as we have such
a kind God, why should we be at war with
each other? Now that His' light is shining
upon all, why should we cast some of our-
selves into darkness? Inasmuch as His table
is spread for all, why should we deprive one
another? Now that His effulgence is reach-
ing us all, why shall we place ourselves within
darkness? As long as we have a basis for
amity, for unity, why should we deprive our-
selves thereof? There is no doubt that the
cause is only ignorance and that the result is
perdition. It is a cause of depriving humanity
of the eternal favors of God, hence we must
OF ABDUL-BAHA
forget all the imaginary causes of difference
and refer to the very fundamentals of the
divine religions in order that we may asso-
ciate with perfect love and accord, considering
humankind as one family, the surface of the
earth as one nativity, and all races as belong-
ing to one humankind, and let us live under
the protection of God, attaining to the eternal
happiness in this world and to the life ever-
lasting in the world to come.
Benediction by Abdul-Baha.
Thou kind Lord! Thou hast created all
humanity from the same original parents,
Thou hast destined that all shall belong to the
same household, and in Thy Holy Presence
they are all Thy servants, and all mankind are
sheltered beneath Thy tabernacle. All have
gathered together at Thy table of bounty, all
are radiant through the light of Thy Provi-
dence. God! Thou are kind to all, Thou
hast provided for all, Thou dost shelter all,
Thou conferest life upon all, Thou hast en-
dowed each and all with talents and faculties;
all are submerged in the ocean of Thy mercy.
Thou kind Lord! unite all, let all the re-
ligions agree, make all the nations. one, so that
all may see one another as one kind, the deni-
zens of the same fatherlancl. May they all
associate with one another with perfect amity
and unity. God! hoist the banner of the
oneness of humankind. God! establish the
Most Great Peace. Cement Thou, God! the
hearts together. Thou kind Father, God'!
exhilarate the hearts through Thy fragrance
of love; brighten the eyes through the light of
Thy guidance: cheer the hearing of all with
the melody of Thy Word, and shelter us all in
the cave of Thy Providence. Thou art the
Mighty and Powerful! Thou art the For-
giving, and Thou art the one who overlookest
the shortcomings of all humankind!

