6 STAR OF WEST
positively dangerous to his life and condition.
He may beg for roast meat. The doctor is
kind and wise. He knows it would be dan-
gerous to his patient, so he refuses to allow
it. The doctor is merciful, the patient ignorant.
Through the doctor's kindness the patient re-
covers; his life is saved. Yet the patient may
cry out that the doctor is unkind, not good,
because he refuses to answer my pleading.
God is merciful. In His Mercy He answers
the prayers of all His servants when accord-
ing to His Supreme Wisdom it is necessary.
TALK GIVEN BY ABDUL--BAHA AT Rssmancs or
Mas. A. J. PARSONS, DUBLIN, N. H., AU-
ousr 6, 
ODAY we are enjoying temperate weather.
As there are many strangers present we
will answer questions.
Question: "Are not all Christians Bahais?
Is there any difference?"
Answer: When Christians act according to
the teachings of Christ, they are called Bahais.
For the foundations of Christianity and the
Religion of are one. The founda-
tions of all the Divine Prophets and Holy
Books are one. The difference among them is
one of terminology only. Each springtime is
identical with the former springtime. The
distinction between them is only one of the
calendar--I9I1, 1912 and so on. The difference
between a Christian and a Bahai therefore is
this; there was a former Springtime and there
is a Springtime now. No other difference
exists because the foundations are the same.
Whoever acts completely in accordance with
the teachings of Christ is a Bahai. The pur-
pose is the essential meaning of "Christian,"
not the mere word. The purpose is the Sun
Itself and not its Dawning Points. For though
the Sun is One Sun, its Dawning Points are
many. We must not adore the Dawning
Points but worship the Sun. We must adore
the Reality of Religion and not blindly cling
to' the appellation "Christianity." The Sun
of Reality must be worshipped and followed.
must seek the fragrance of the rose from
whatever bush it is blooming; whether Orien-
tal or Western. Be seekers of Light, no matter
from which lantern it shines forth. Be not
lovers of the lantern. At one time the Light
has shone from a lantern in the East, now
in the West. If it comes from North, South,
from whatever direction it proceeds, follow the
*Translated by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed; notes by
Mr. Howard MacNutt.
Light. Let me illustrate further. A certain
person bestowed a coin upon five beggars.
They resolved to spend it for food. The
Englishman said, "Buy grapes." The Turk
wanted "uzum," the Arab "aneb," the Greek
"Stafelea," the Persian "angur." Not under-
standing each 0ther's language they quarreled
and fought. A stranger came along. He was
familiar with all five languages. He said,
"Give me the coin; I will buy what you wish."
When he brought them grapes they were all
satisfied. They wanted the same thing, but
differed in the term only.
Briefly: When the Reality dawns in the
midst of the Religions, all will be unified and
reconciled.
Question: "Does Abdul--Baha find Christian-
ity is not lived up to and carried out in
America?"
Answer: My meaning is that it should be
completely carried out and lived up to. Man
needs eyes, ears, arms, a head, feet and various
other members. When he possesses all and all
work together there is symmetry and perfec-
tion in him. So Christ said, "Be ye perfect,
even as your Heavenly Father is perfect,"
meaning that perfection is the requirement of
Christianity. Be the image and likeness of
God. This is not easy. It necessitates the
focalization of all heavenly virtues. It requires
that we become recipients of all the perfections
of God. Then we become His image and
likeness. For in the Bible it is stated, "Let
us create man in our own image and likeness."
The attainment of this is most difficult.
When Christ appeared with those marvelous
breaths of the Holy Spirit, the children of
Israel said, "We are quite independent of
Him; we can do without Him and follow
Moses; we have a Book and in it are found
the teachings of God_; what need therefore
have we of this man?" Christ said to them,
"The Book sufliceth you not." It is possible
for a man to hold to a book of medicine and
say, have no need of a doctor; I will act
according to the book; in it every disease is
named, all are explained, the diag-
nosis of each ailment is completely written
out and a prescription for each malady is
furnished; therefore why do I need a doctor?"
This is sheer ignorance. A physician is needed
to prescribe. Through his skill, the principles
of the book are correctly and effectively ap-
plied until the patient is restored to health.
Christ was a Heavenly Physician. brought
spiritual health and healing into the world.
is likewise a Divine Physician.

