STAR OF THE WEST 5
down, until the time of Disappearance drew
nigh, and the Sun of Truth was concealed in
the veil of Absence. The Lord ascended to
the Supreme Court of His Might, and His
blessed Identity was hidden in His Invisible,
Furthermost Essence. This calamitous event
and lamentable disaster happened in the month
Zi-Ka-'da, 1309 A. I-L, which corresponds
to the month of May, I892, A. D.
Servant of GOD and
the Center of His Covenant.
When the Sun of Guidance was set and
the rustle of the Sadrat-e1-Muntaha* hushed,
then the Orb~ of the Covenant dawned and
-X-A Tree planted at the end 0E the Road for the
Guidance of the traveler.
the Moon of the Testament appeared with
the utmost brilliancy and effulgence. The
glorious "Branch extended from the Ancient
Root" arose to promote the Word of the King
of the Day of Judgment, a11d now He is crying
and heralding throughout all regions: "The
Judgment of GOD hath come; respond ye,
respond ye unto the Call of Hear/'zen
ye, hearkeh ye, to the Melodies of Ia-
hale ye the Fragrances of Be il-
lum/ined, be illumined with the lights of the
Face of The of the
Prophets have already been fulfilled, the
prophecies and the Messengers realized,' the
Day of hath come, and mankind
hath stood before the Lord of the creatm'es!"
SUPPLICATION REVEALED BY ABDUL-BAHA.
Assist me with the hosts of the Supreme Concourse and make me firm and
steadfast in the COVENANT and TESTAMENT. I am weak in the COVENANT and 
confer upon me strength. I am poor; bestow upon me wealth from the treasures of the
Kingdom. 1 am ignorant; open before my face the doors of knowledge: I am dead;
breathe into me the Breath of Life. I am dumb; grant me an eloquent tongue, so that with
a fluent expression I may raise the call of Thy Kingdom and quicken all of them in firmness
to the COVENANT. Thou art the Generous, the Giver and the Mighty!
THE OF THE 
Selections from The Baha'i Proofs, by Mirza Ahul Fazl.
In the Name of GOD, the Most Holy Beauty of 
the people of Faith, the clear appoint-
ment of the CENTER or THE CAUSE, after
the Departure [death] of the Manifesta-
tion is considered the most
important point in religious matters, as it is
the greatest channel which connects the serv-
ants of God with Holy Divine Truth. They
are all sure and convinced that the CENTER
or TI-IE COVENANT is no other than His
Holiness, for, apart from the
Divine signs that were manifest in Him,
clearly and implicitly, verbally
and in writing, directed all of His servants
to the blessed Person of ABDUL-BAIIA, and,
under all circumstances., clearly showed that
He was far distinguished above others, in
order that all the servants should look unto
Him alone, and follow His Commands. For
it is only through His explanation and deci-
sion that all discord is removed. Consequently
the Bahais appreciate the determining of the
"Appointed Center" as the greatest of the
Divine Providences, and account His blessed
Being as an impregnable fortress which pro-
tects the Divine Religion from the doubts
of the skeptic and fanciful imaginations of
men.
But notwithstanding all this, as 
foresaw, that when His Beauty of Oneness
was concealed under the veils of disappear-
ance, the people of desire, through jealousy,
would hold to groundless doubts and suspi-
cions and disregard the prohibition to interpret
the Book. He, therefore, prior to His De-
parture, revealed the blessed 
[Book of the Covenant, the Vi/'ill of
This He wrote, and sealed
it with His own blessed Hand and Seal, in
order that the darkness of discord might not
again obscure the brilliant Horizon of the
Cause of God, and the calamities and disasters
which afflicted other religions might not over-
take this Movement. In this Book (His Cov-
enant) He clearly indicated that the purpose
of the "Branch extended from the Ancient
Root," revealed in the blessed Verse of
/lkdas, was the Center of the Circle of Names,
the Exalted Branch of the Blessed Tree of
ABHA, His Holiness ABDUL--BAHA. Then He,
for the second time, enjoined, through an
unchangeable and irrefutable command, all His
"branches," "twigs," (relatives) and the Bahais
without exception, to look unto that Dawning-
place of Divine Light, and to know Him as
the Source and Origin of the commands and
prohibitions of the Heavenly Religion. He

