STAR OF THE WEST 23
and has become manifest in the human en-
tities or realities with effulgences. This ray
and this heat are permanent. There is no
cessation. It is eternal. As long as the sun
exists, the heat and light will exist. As long
as eternality is a property of Divinity, this
emanation is everlasting. There is no cessa-
tion thereof. The more the world of hu-
manity develops, the effulgences or emana-
tions of divinity will become more revealed.
Just as whe11 the stone becomes 
polished and like a mirror, for
instance, it can reveal the glory of the sun
more clearly and gloriously. The purpose,
the mission of the Prophets a11d the de-
scent of the Books and the Manifestation
of the Divine Teachers and the Divine Phil-
osophy are intended that the human reali-
ties may become trained, may become more
clear, so that they may become like a mirror
in order that the Sun of Reality with its
light and heat be reflected. This is the pur-
pose. Therefore I hope that you, whether in
the East or in the West, may strive with
heart and soul in order that the world of
humanity, day by day, may become glorified,
day by day m.ay become more spiritual, and
day by day may become more sanctified. That
it may be like the mirror wherein the lights
of the Sun of Reality may gloriously be re-
vealed. This is worthy of the world of hu-
manity! This is the great progress for human-
ity! This is the great Bestowall Otherwise,
simply developing along material lines, man
does not become perfect. At most it is this,
that the material aspect of man, his natural
or material conditions become more orderly,
but he is still deprived of the Spiritual or
Divine Bestowal. He is then like a body
without an animus or spirit. He is like a
lamp Without the light. He is like the 
without seeing. He is like the ear without
hearing. He is like the mind without per-
ceiving. He is like the intellect Without
reasonableness. Man has two powers; has
two aspects. One is connected with the materi-
al world. That can develop and advance along
material lines. He has also a spiritual side,
which can only advance through spiritual
means. These to man are like two wings,
and these two Wings or forces must be de-
veloped, for the bird can fly with two wings.
With one wing a bird cannot soar. Now,
praise be to God! material advancement has
been considerable. But there is need of
spiritual advancement. We must strive' be
restless, teach, promulgate such forces and
be restless until they take possession of man,
making of him a noble and advanced creature.
For the human body is accidental. It is of
no importance. The clay will come when that
shall die. But the human spirit is essential and
therefore eternal. It is a Divine Bounty. It is
the Effulgence of the Sun of Reality. This
must be given due importance more than
the bodily matter. And I pray for you and
am very pleased at having met you. You have
come here to see me. You have come to
visit me, and I am most grateful for this
visit. I shall ask confirmation and aid for
you from God, that you may be aided in serv-
ing well the world of humanity,
or ABDUL-BAHA TO THE 
ISTS APRIL 25, 1912.*
message is this: That today the great-
est need of the world of humanity is for
the discontinuance of the existent mis-
understandings among nations, and that can be
brought about through the unity of language.
Unless the unity of languages is realized, the
most great peace and the unity of the human
world, in a binding manner, cannot be organ-
ized and established; because the function of
language is to portray the mysteries and secrets
of the human hearts. The heart is like a box
and the language is like the key. We can open
the box only through the key, and observe
the gems contained in that box. Therefore,
this question of an auxiliary international
language has the utmost importance. We can
be trained andeducated internationally through
this language. We can acquire the evidence
of past history and ages through language.
The spread of the known facts of the human
world depends upon language. The explana-
tion of Divine Teachings can only be brought
about through a language. As long as the
diversity of languages and the lack of hu-
man comprehension of the languages of each
other's nationalities continue, these glorious
aims cannot be realized. Therefore, the very
first service to the World of man is to establish
this auxiliary international language. It will
become the cause of the tranquillity of the
commonwealth of man. It will become the
cause of the sp-read of sciences and arts
among the nations of the world. It will be
the means of the progress and development
of all the races. Therefore we must with all
"'T1-anslated by Mirza 1\hmad Sohral) and dictatczl
to Joseph H. I-Iannen.

