STAR OF THE WEST 9
ADDRESSES DELIVERED BY ABDUL-BAH A IN NEW YORK CITY AND VICINITY.
(Continued from page seven)
happiness. For although just now the rich
enjoy the greatest luxury and all comfort, yet
they are deprived of eternal happiness, for
eternal happiness is contingent upon giving,
and the poor are in the state of abject poverty.
Through the manifestation of God's great
equity, the poor of the world will be rewarded
fully, and there shall b-e a readjustment in
human affairs, so that in the future there will
not be the abnormally rich nor the abject poor.
The rich will enjoy comfort as well as the poor,
for in the future, owing to certain restrictions,
the rich will not accumulate so much as to be
beyond management, and the poor will not re-
tain this state of absolute Want and misery. The
rich shall enjoy his palace, and the poor shall
have his comfortable cottage. The purpose is
this: that divine justice will be manifest and
all human kind will find comfort. I do not
mean that all will be equal, for inequality in
degree is a property of nature. There will of
necessity be rich people and those who will be
in want of their livelihood, but there will be
an equalization and readjustment. There will
be in the future no very rich people, nor ex-
tremely poor people. There will be an equi-
librium, and a condition will be established
which will make both the rich and the poor
comfortable. This shall be an eternal and
blessed outcome of this glorious century, which
in the future will become realized. The pur-
pose is this: that all the promises of the
prophets, all the glad-tidings given in the Holy
Books will be fulfilled. Await ye for that
manifestation!
BY ABDUL-BAHA AT THE CHURCH or
THE DIVINE PATERNITY (REV. FRANK OLIVER
HALL, D.D.), 76TH STREET AND CENTRAL
PARK Wnsr, MAY 19, I912.
Stenographic Notes by Miss Esther Foster.
INTRODUCTION BY DR. HALL.
the year 1843, Edward H. Chapin who
I was the builder, if not the founder of this
church, then a young man about thirty years
of age, published a lecture upon the subject of
Religious Unity, one sentence of which is
printed in the Responsive Service this morning.
I11 that lecture he pointed out that while many
attempts had been made to establish religious
unity on the basis of dogmatism, none of these
attempts had ever been successful, and there
w-as no hope that anyone should succeed in such
a project. He went on to say that there was
a possibility of such a union based on universal
friendship, something better than tolerance,
and then occurs this sentence:
"Wl1e11 that time comes, one will say to
another, have sinned against thee. I thought
the little parchment creed my fathers gave me
was the test of true religion, and I called thee
hard names, but I have learned that-religion is
not a dogma but a life.' 
"Not what is your creed, but what is your
deed," he said "is the test and expression of
true religion." It was on this platform that
there was a possibility of unity, and it was
upon that foundation this church was built.
A year later, specifically in the year 1844, in
Persia appeared a young man who proclaimed
essentially the same idea. This young man
called himself the "Bab" or "Gate". Neither
of these men ever heard of the other. God
makes His sun to shine on every part of the
earth; one man sees more of it than another.
He that hath an ear to hear, hears; and he
that hath an to see, sees. Chapin stood
in the pulpit and proclaimed these large truths
for forty years, and died finally in peace,
though he was the subject of misunderstanding
and some vilification. It was not so with his
contemporary in Persia. This young man was
persecuted for six years and finally was exe-
cuted at the age of 30; but while the sword
may drink a man's blood, it cannot destroy
truth. Persecution continued and extended to
his followers. It was said ten thousand, pos-
sibly twenty thousand men, women and chil-
dren were put to death because their enemies
were not followers of the Bab.
Among those who were attracted by the
philosophy of this young man was one of
wealth and of noble lineage. His father had
been Vizier, his grandfather had been Grand
Vizier, yet he had the courage to take the side
of these persecuted people. As a result he
was cast into a dungeon for four months, and
then he and his family were banished to
Baghdad, suffering greatly from deprivation.
His name was At that time this
guest of ours this morning was eight years of
age, and was known as Abbas Effendi. In I868,
was sent to prison in Akka, not
far from Nazareth of sacred memory. He was
confined to a single house for two years and
was allowed to take air only on the roof. His
followers were allowed more liberty, but he
was confined in a single room for nine years.
died and was succeeded by

