"All prejudices," said "whether
prejudices of religion, prejudices of race,
prejudices of politics or prejudices of nation-
ality must be cast off, for they are a cause of
the sickness of the world."
Then again he says: "There is no contra-
diction between true Religion and Science.
When a religion is opposed to Science, it is
'superstition.' Prejudice and superstition are
the enemies of human development.
"If a man would succeed in his quest for
truth, let him first shut his mind to the tra-
ditional superstitions of the past." These tra-
ditional superstitions have grown over and
disfigured true religion and the object of
the Revelation of is to get to the
original truth and exclude no conscientious
searches after undisfigured truth.
I wonder it I have understood the Revela-
tion of If I have, it has a
singularly good Christian ring and I should
interpret its meaning as "Be a real Christian
and you will be a good Bahai."
But I am merely presiding and not prosely-
tising. I am proud to have been asked to pre-
side at a meeting of those who have come to-
gether to do honor to one who deserves it so
richly.
Abdul-Baha commenced speaking at once,
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab translating. Abdul-
Baha remained seated. He spoke earnestly,
jesticulating freely and one could almost fol-
low his thoughts as the light and fire played
over his countenance. He spoke on the sub-
ject of Unity and Peace and expounded some
of the teachings gives for the at-
tainment of these two much-desired conditions
of the world today. He said:
ADDRESS BY ABDUL-BAHA.
Scientists tell us that the world of matter is
made up of constellation of molecules which
hold it in its various forms; each molecule
consists of a similar constellation of atoms
which in turn recent discovery shows is made
up of tiny worlds of electrons. Thus we see
that this law of affinity is the very basis of
existence.
As in the material, so in the spiritual world,
love is the attracting force that welds together
the constituent elements into a composite unity
and holds them firm against disintegration.
Love is the cause of life, and hatred or
animosity spell death or disintegration. Just
as affinity is the fundamental principle of
composition, the greater affinity, love, is the
light of unity and -the lack of love is the
6 STAR OF THE WEST
darkness of separateness. Love is conducive
to existence, difference is conducive to disin-
tegration. Love is the cause of the illumina-
tion of the whole of humanity, discord and
dissension are the cause of the destruction of
the human race.
All the divine messengers have come to this
earth as specialists of the law of love. They
came to teach a divine love to the children of
men; they came to minister a divine healing
between the nations; they came to cement in
one the hearts of men and to bring human-
ity into a state of unity and concord. In this
pathway, each one oi these divine Manifesta-
tions oi God's love has accepted innumerable
calamities and hardships. For the sake of a
realization of love and concord amongst men,
they have sacrificed their lives. How many perse-
cutions have they suffered; so that they might
bring into a state of harmony those contend-
ing nations and religions; so that they might
create peace and consolation between these
various peoples of the earth!
Let us consider His Holiness Jesus Christ:
how many trials he accepted along this path-
way, how many difficulties and persecutions,
even giving up his life. He chose tor himself
the cross, so that the light of love might shine
in the hearts of men, and the various contend-
ing nations come into a state of affinity and
love, so that love might encompass the hearts
of humanity. This was the purpose. When
a holy and divine man shows us the way and
sacrifices himself like Jesus Christ for the
sake of love and affinity amongst the children
of men, our duty is plain; it is evident that
we, likewise, must follow in the footsteps of
Jesus Christ.
We too must be ready to sacrifice our lives,
so that this love may live. We must accept
every hardship, so that this love may come to
the hearts of the people.
Consider carefully that for the last six
thousand years there has been constant strife
and warfare amongst the people. All the
wars which have occurred in past history have
been the basis of the destruction of the human
race; love, on the other hand, has been the
cause of cementing the people together.
Consider how Jesus Christ, through the
power oi his love, brought a state of harmony
between the Egyptian nation, the Assyrian na-
tion and all the nations of ancient times. Such
a unity and concord was realized amongst these
various peoples that the pages of history are
adorned with their accomplishments, although
formerly these nations were in a state of con-

