STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences 0E race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Ill Chicago (April 9, 1912) Jalal NO. 2
TEACHINGS OF 
FROM GIVEN BY ABDUL-BAHA IN LONDON AND PARIS.
people of the world.-' Ye are all the fruit of one tree and the leaves of 021-e 
Tablet.
people of the earth! Maize not the Religion of God cause of em-irmre among you.
Verily, of a truth, it was revealed for the purjfiose of unifying tlzeiw-hole world. Fear God,
and be not of the ignorant. Blessed is he who loves the whole world for the sake
of the Face of his Generous 
THE rocnrn 
Abolition of P-rejudices.
NOTHER principle oi the teaching of
A is this: That you must rc-
nounce all prejudices--rcligious, racial,
political and national>>-for all these have made
the world sick.
This is a grave illness and one that can be
the cause of destruction to humanity. All
wars and bloodshed have been caused by either
of these prejudices. The sad wars that you
see in the world in these days arc caused by
fanatical religious hatred oi one people for
another or prejudices of race and color. Till
all these differences are abolished humanity
will never be at peace. That is why 
LLAI-I has said that these causes of separation
are destructive to humanity.
Consider the nations of so-called religious
people. If they were really adorers of God
they would obey His law which forbids them
to kill one another. All religions teach that
men should love one another and that a man
must look to his own faults before he con-
demns another; that hc must not think him-
self superior to his fellows, for we know not
in the end who will be judged the best. How
many men there have been who began a saint-
ly career and finally fell to the greatest hu-
miliation. Look at Iudas Iscariot, how well
he began and how sadly he failed in the end.

he First, Second and Third Prin-
ciples were published in the last issue of the
STAR or THE \VssT-Editors.
On the other hand, remember Paul the Apos--
tle. He was an enemy of Christ, but he be-
came the best oi His servants. Therefore we
must keep in mind that it is wrong to judge
others. The end of man is not known to us.
How can we think ourselves superior to any-
one? Vile must, therefore, have no prejudices.
'We must never say: am a believer, he is
an infidel; I am of the elect, he is an out-
cast." 'We can never tell the final judgment.
Vic must not judge, we must give help to
those who are not so blessed as we are. Vile
must instruct the ignorant, we must tend the
child and bring it to maturity. When we see
a man in the depths, We must take him by
thehand and lift him to our side. Vile must
think of those who have fallen as our friends,
not our enemies.
The prejudice of race is mere superstition,
for God created us all men of one race. In
the beginning there were no limits, no boun-
daries put to the different lands. There
should be no different nations, we are all men,
all descendants of Adam. 'Ne must not think
oi a man as an Englishman or a Frenchman
or a Persian. This is all mere superstition.
How can we uphold a war that is caused by
superstition? God has not made men to cle-
stroy one another.
In the eyes of God all races, tribes, sects
and classes are equal. He sees no difference
in them. The only difference existing be-
tween in God's sight is in the degree of
service. The lovers of humanity, these are
the superior beings, of whatever race, creed

