STAR OF THE WEST 7
themselves continuously, even as the rays of
the sun unceasingly emanate from the solar
center. The phenomenal world through the
resplendent effulgence of the sun is radiant
and bright. In the same Way the realm of
hearts and spirits is illumined and resuscitated
through the shining rays of the Sun of Reality
and the Bounties of the Love of God. Thereby
the world of existence, the kingdom of hearts
and spirits, is ever quickened into life. Were
it not for the Love of God, hearts Would be
inanimate, spirits would wither and the real-
ity of man would be bereft of the everlasting
Bestowals.
Consider to what extent the Love of God
makes itself manifest. Among the signs of
His Love which appear in the world are the
Dawning-Points of His Manifestations. What
an infinite degree of Love is reflected by the
Divine Manifestations toward mankind! For
the sake of guiding the people they have Will-
ingly forfeited their lives to resuscitate human
hearts. They have accepted the Cross. To
enable human souls to attain the supreme
degree of advancement they have suffered
during their limited years extreme ordeals
and difficulties. If His Holiness Iesus Christ
had not possessed Love for the world of hu-
manity surely He would not have welcomed
the Cross. He was crucified for the Love of
mankind. Consider the infinite degree of that
Love! Without Love for humanity Iohn the
Baptist would not have offered his life. It
has been likewise with all the prophets and
holy souls. If His Holiness the Bab had not
manifested Love for mankind surely He would
not have offered His breast for a thousand
bullets. If His Holiness had not
been aflame with Love for humanity, He would
not have willingly accepted fifty years' impris-
onment.
Observe how rarely human souls sacrifice
their pleasure or comfort for others; how
improbable that a man would offer his or
suffer himself to be dismembered for the bene-
fit of another. Yet all the Divine Manifesta-
tions suffered, oifered their lives and blood,
sacrificed their existence, comfort and all they
possessed for the sake of mankind. Therefore
consider how much they love! Were it not
for their Love for humanity, Spiritual Love
would be a mere nomenclature. Were it not
for their illumination human souls would not
be radiant. How effective is their Love! This
is a sign of the Love of GodReality.
Therefore must we give praise unto God
for it is the Light of His Bounty which has
shone upon us through His Love which is
everlasting. His Divine Manifestations have
offered their lives through Love for us. Con-
sider then what the Love of God means.
Were it not for the Love of God all the spirits
would be inanimate. The meaning of this is
not physical death; nay rather it is that condi-
tion concerning which His Holiness Christ
declared "Let the dead bury their dead, for
that which is born of the flesh is flesh and that
which is born of spirit is spirit." VV ere it not
for the Love of God the hearts would not
be illumined. Were it not for the Love of
God the pathway of the Kingdom would not
be opened. Were it not for the Love of God
the Holy Books would not have been revealed.
Were it not for the Love of God the Divine
Prophets would not have been sent to the
world. The foundation of all these Bestowals
is the Love of God. Therefore in the human
world there is no greater power than the Love
of God. It is the Love of God which l1as
brought us together here tonight. It is the
Love of God which is affiliating the East and
the West. It is the Love of God which has
resuscitated the world. Now must we offer
thanks to God that such a great Bestowal a11d
Effulgence has been revealed to us.
We come to another aspect of our 
Are the workings a11d effects of love confined
to this world or do they extend on and on to
another existence? Will its influence affect
our existence here only or will it extend to
the life everlasting?
When we glance at the human kingdom We
readily observe that it is superior to all others.
In the differentiation of life in the World of
existence, there are four degrees or kingdoms,
--the mineral, vegetable, animal, and human.
The mineral kingdom is possessed of a certain
virtue which we term cohesion. The vegetable
kingdom possesses cohesive properties plus the
power of growth or power augmentative. The
animal kingdom is possessed of the virtues of
the mineral and vegetable plus the powers of
the senses. But the animal although gifted
with sensibilities is utterly bereft of conscious-
ness, absolutely out of touch with the world
of consciousness and spirit. The animal pos-
sesses no powers by which it can make dis-
coveries which lie beyond the realm of the
senses. It has no power of intellectual origina-
tion. For example, an animal located in Eu-
rope is not capable of discovering the continent
of America. It understands only phenomena
which come within the range of its senses and

