26 STAR OF
people to justice; all the divine religions
will proclaim equality of rights; all the divine
religions will summon people to the mercy of
God; all the divine religions will admonish
people to virtue. The foundation is one, there
is no difference therein. If the essentials of
religions, therefore, be observed, peace shall be
the result, and when we study the conditions
we find that the conditions existing are due
only to imitations which have crept into the
religions, and the differences in the imitations
have caused these various denominations and
sects.
And now let us consider the various people
of the world. They all belong to one kind,
and let us recall the fact that the various
nations of the world--the American, the
English, the French, the German, all the
continental nations, even the Turks, Persians
and Arabs, are all people of the same Adam,
belong to the same should
they have dissension? The surface of the
earth is one nativity and that nativity was in-
tended for all. God did not place these
boundaries. Why should a matter which
has not been originally destined by God,
namely, the imaginary boundary lines placed
by humankind, be made the bone of con-
tention and the cause of differences? God
has created all humanity; He has provided for
I


 
I .. - I .. 
.11, 
THE WEST
all; He is preserving all, and all are submerged
in the ocean of His mercy. Not a single soul
is deprived. Now, inasmuch as we have such
a kind God, why should we be at war with
each other? Now that His light is shining
upon all, why should we cast some of our>>-
selves into darkness? Inasmuch as His table
is spread for all, why should we deprive one
another? Now that His elfulgence is reach-
ing us all, why shall we place ourselves in
darkness? As long as we have a basis for
amity, for unity, why should We deprive our-
selves thereof? There is no doubt that the
cause is only ignorance and that the result is
perdition. It is a cause of depriving humanity
of the eternal favors of God, hence we must
forget all the imaginary causes of difference
and refer to the very fundamentals of the
divine religions in order that we may asso-
ciate with perfect love and accord, considering
humankind as one family, the surface of the
earth as one nativity, and all races as belong-
ing to one humankind, and let us live under
the protection of God, attaining to the eternal
happiness in this World and to the life ever-
lasting in the world to come.
Benediction by Abdul~Baha.
Thou kind Lord! Thou hast created all
humanity from the same original parentsViewing the animals in Lincoln Park

