STAR OF THE WEST 7
Where he was entertained during his sojourn.
The other members of the party, Seyad Assad
Ullah, Mirza Mahmood and Dr. Getsinger, had
accommodations near by.
The first public meeting was the third and
final session of the Orient-Occident Unity,
held in- the spacious hall of the Public Library.
This hall, which normally seats about 40-0, had
been taxed to its utmost capacity, fully 600 per-
sons having gained entrance and about 100
more standing in the hall outside. As Abdul-
Baha entered the building, crowds lined on
either side of the steps stood silently and most
respectfully, with heads bared--and this was
an unconscious and spontaneous tribute of an
American Saturday night crowd! Upon his
entrance into the hall, the audience rose at
once and remained standing until he bade them
be seated. His address, delivered at once, was
received with close interest, and at its close
the Conference was adjourned. Practically
the entire audience remained to shake his
hand.
The second public meeting was at Studio
Hall, where friends were assembled at the
usual 'hour for Sunday School, 11:15. The
hall was beautifully decorated with plants and
cut flowers. The children were in the front
seats and received his special attention. At
the cl-ose of this service he passed before each
row, shaking the hand of every person present,
some 200 or more. On this occasion he ap-
peared most happy.
The third meeting was a vast gathering at
Universalist Church, in pursuance of an ap-
pointment made some time previously. Here
more than 1,000 persons were gathered. More
than an hour before the time announced the
entire lower floor of the church was filled.
The Pastor of the Church, Rev. John Van
Schaick, clad in the robes of his office,
introduced Abdul-Baha with a most glowing
tribute to his life and teachings. At the con-
clusion of a brief address, the formalities con-
templated were dispensed with, and nearly
everyone remained to meet the distinguished
speaker.
Receptions were held at the home of Mrs.
Parsons every afternoon at ab-out 5 :00 o'clock,
from Monday to Friday, inclusive. The large
parlor, seating 150, was crowded each after-
noon, and the interest grew as the week ad-
vanced. Many persons prominent in social,
official and diplomatic circles were present,
beside numbers of well-known men and women
of literary and scientific attainments.
On Tuesday, April 23rd, at noon, Abdul-
Baha addressed the student-body of more than
1,000, the faculty and a large number of dis-
tinguished guests, at Howard University. This
was a most notable occasion, and here, as
everywhere when both white and colored peo-
ple were present, Abdul-Baha seemed happiest.
The address was received with breathless at-
tention by the vast audience, and was followed
by a positive ovation and a recall. That even-
ing the Bethel Literary and. Historical Society,
the leading colored organization in Washing-
ton, was addressed, and again the audience
taxed the capacity of the edifice in which the
meeting was held.
On Wednesday afternoon one of the most
beautiful functions of the week was success-
fully planned and carried out. At the Studio
Hall more than 100 children, with as many
adults, parents and friends, gathered. Abdul-
Baha received and embraced each child, seem-
ing most happy in their presence, and then de-
livered a wonderful address. Abdul-Baha
presented each child, before he left, with a
gift.
On Wednesday evening Abdul-Baha visited
Mrs. Dyer's home, where the meetings are
held regularly on that night. More than 100
persons were present and Were made happy
by his address.
Thursday morning a large delegation from
the Theosophical Societies of U/asliington
was received, calling to pay their respects
officially.
Friday morning the ladies of the Unitarian
Church--President Taft's church--were ad-
dressed, a large attendance crowding the room
in which the talk was given.
Friday evening, the last public meeting was
addressed at the Continental Hall of the
Daughters of the American Revolution. This
is one of the most spacious halls in \/Vashing-
ton, and the very finest location possible. It
had not been contemplated to have such a
large meeting that evening, but the interest be-
came so intense that it was deemed necessary.
Saturday evening a reception was given, un-
der the auspices of the Persian-American Edu-
cational Society--O1'ient-Occident Unity--by
Mrs. Parsons. This was the culmination of
the visit, from the standpoint of meeting the
representatives of social and diplomatic life,
large numbers of whom had become interested,
through Mrs. Parsons' afternoon receptions, as
well as through an afternoon reception held
at the Persian Legation on Tuesday.

