8 VVISDOM-TALKS OF ABDUL-BAHA
got together on the summit of the mount;
they said: "His Holiness, Jesus Christ, has
been crucified and we have no intercourse
with Him, therefore we must be loyal and
faithful to Him, we must appreciate Him, He
resuscitated us, made us wise, He gave
us life. We must be faithful. What shall
we do And they held council. One of them
said, "We must detach ourselves, that is to say,
lessen our attachments; with attachments or
fetters we cannot do this." Everybody said:
"That is so." Another among them said:
"Either we must be married and be faithful to
our wives and children, take care of our fami-
lies, or we must serve our Lord freely without
these ties. We cannot keep families, care for
them, and at the same time herald the King-
dom in the Wilderness. Therefore, those men
who have not married, would better not marry,
and those who have married must provide
means of sustenance and comfort for their fami-
lies, so they will not be in need, and then leave
them in comfort and depart." They said:
"That is right." And there was no disagree-
ment or dissenting voices. All agreed. The
third said: "To do some worthy deed you
have to be self-sacrificing. If we should want
to be at ease and also teach, these two will
not coincide. From now on we must forego
ease, we must accept every difficulty. Every-
body said: "That is right." The fifth said:
this has another aspect! For Jesus' sake
we shall be beaten, we will be imprisoned, we
will be exiled. They may kill us. Let us read
this lesson from now. Let us know that We
may be beaten, we shall be banished, we shall
be cursed, we shall be spat upon, and we may
be killed. Let us accept all this. Surely we
Will! That is right And after this Council,
from the summit of the mount they descended,
and each one took a direction. That is the
kind of consultation! That is spiritual con-
sultation. Not that if one should express an
opinion the others should rise against him like
the French Parliamentarians and fight each
other!
OF ABDUL--BAHA TO THE FEDERATION
or WoMnN's CLUBS, LA SALLE HOTEL, CH1-
CAGO, MAY 2, 1912?!'
HE function of the sun as a luminary is
to reveal the realities of objects. All
that which is potential within the earth,
through the heat and light of the sun is re-
*Trans1ated by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed and taken
stenographically by Joseph H. Hannen.
vealed or unfolded. That which is hidden
within the t-ree through that luminary is
brought forth and exposed to view. So that
We can say a function of the sun is the revela-
tion ofa things mysterious and things hidden
within the objects. Inasmuch as this
is the century of light, the Sun of Reality has
gloriously revealed itself towards all human-
ity. One of the great things which was hid-
den in the realm of existence was the poten-
tial capability or capacity of womankind.
Through the light of the Sun of Reality in
this age of illumination, the light and cap-
ability of womankind has become manifest to
the extent that the equality of man and woman
is an established fact. In past ages, woman
was wronged and oppressed. Alas! most
especially was this the case in Asia and in
Africa and in Australia. In these three con-
tinents Women were most greatly oppressed.
So much so that in certain parts of Asia
women were not considered as members or
parts of the human kind. They considered
womankind as an inferior people, or race, or
kind. There is a certain people, known as
the Nosyrians, who held to this belief for a
long period, namely, that woman was the
manifestation of the evil spirit or Satan, and
that man alone was the manifestation of the
Merciful One, or the Lord. At last this cen-
tury of light arrived. In this age the realities
of things have been exposed. Many myste-
rious things became revealed, and among
them was this verysubject. So that outside
of Europe and America, even in the Orient
today it is a well--l<noWn fact, if not well
practiced, that womankind is equal to man-
kind. There have appeared women who have
been verily the signs of guidance, might and
power! Some have been notable poets. Some
philosophic minds. Some brave and cour-
ageous. Among the brave were those Who
exhibited their valor and courage on the bat-
tlefield. And the poetesses have left their
poetical Works, which are masterpieces of
poetry. To the latter class belongs Kurrat-
el-Ayn, who was a Bahai. She was the one
who discomfited all the learned men of Per-
sia. In whatsoever meeting when she entered
the learned were silent. She was so well
versed in the philosophy and science of the
times that the learned m_en always considered
her first. And her courage was unparalleled,
to the extent that she withstood her enemies
until she was killed. She withstood a king
and monarch, the Shah of Persia, who was
a most despotic man, a despot who through

