STAR OF THE WEST 5
Then the Master spoke about the cleanliness
of Broadway, New York, and its wonderful
illumination by night. He told them about
the Ben Hur horses, the advertisement of
Spring Water, the advertisement of pepsin, the
advertisement of automobiles; and many
others which are lighted at night; he
told about the electric office in Denver which
is a tall and magnificent building, how at
night the whole structure is lighted from top
to bottom. Our Persian friends in the taxi
enjoyed the recital very much. (Perhaps if I
told them of the wonders of the new world
they would think me out of my wits.)
After dinner a minister from one of the
suburbs of the great Metropolis called. Ab-
dul-Baha praised his lack of prejudice and
his fairmindedness, saying that many of the
ministers of today teach men prejudices and
blind dogmas. Then he told him the story of
the Jewish Rabbi in Tiberias who was giving
to the Jews such lessons that made them
haughty and filled with pride and prejudices.
In the afternoon the Counsellor of the
Persian Embassy called. Again Abdul-Baha
spoke about the greatness of America, its won-
derful civilization and the Balkan war was
touched upon.
Then the president of the Esperantists of
England called, bringing with him the first
translation of the New Testament in Esper-
anto, which he offered to Abdul-Baha. The
Master spoke a great deal of the necessity of
an international language, that the nations
must organize an International Congress of
Language, ratify it and then let it be studied
in all the schools. He said: "All through
America I have encouraged the Bahais to
study Esperanto and to the extent of my
ability I will strive in its spread and pro-
motion."
Later Haji Ameen, who is an old Bahai of
the type of Said Assadullah, arrived with
three young Persian Bahais from Paris. They
had been staying in Paris for the past two
weeks awaiting the arrival of Abdul-Baha.
They came from Persia. When Abdul-Baha
received them, they threw themselves at his
feet and wept. It was a touching scene. He
took them up, kissed their cheeks and showed
them much love. Haji Ameen is a Wonder-
ful Bahai, the Master loves him very much
and he is like a kind grandfather to all the
friends in Persia. Whenever the name of
Haji Ameen is mentioned, those who have
seen him before are made happy.
December I9, I912.
It was most interesting to see dear Haji
Ameen this morning come to Abdul-Baha with
the other Persians in the most reverential and
happy manner to ask of the one they recog-
nize as the Centre of the Covenant what they
should do and what course of action they
should follow as long as they have the privilege
of being with him. An interesting incident of
the Cause was unfolded when Haji Ameen
opened his handkerchief, in which he had
petitions from many believers in the Orient.
What caught my eyes at first glance were two
small loaves of bread and an apple which
were sent from a Bahai from far off Russia.
This was all this poor man could send to the
Beloved with his devotion and love. Abdul-
Baha looked at this love offering with such
tenderness, with such joy and kindness in his
eyes, that I shall never forget it. He ate a
piece of the stale bread and gave the rest to
Said Assadullah for him to serve the rest at
the table. Haji Ameen then told of the gen-
eral news from Persia, how the friends are
united and happy, serving the Cause faith-
fully, receiving the news of Abdul-Baha's trip
in America and holding divine feasts of peace
and goodfellowship.
Then the long line of interviews commenced.
One was an ardent suffragist, a militant one.
Abdul-Baha advised her that the women who
are working for the interest of the entran-
chisement of women should not commit un-
seemly acts, nor resort to violent measures,
such as window smashing, police beating, train
wrecking, letter-box destroying, etc.; nay,
rather they should demand their rights with
the power of intelligence, with scientific ac-
complishments, with artistic attainments. Un-
seemly deeds would rather retard the realiza-
tion of their cherished hope. In this age a
weak person resorts to frightful measures,
but an intelligent person uses the superior
power of intelligence and wisdom.
December 20, I912.
We are now acclimated to London Weather.
It has been very nice so far. About 8:30 this
morning Abdul-Baha came in the reception
room. had tea, and later on Haji Ameen
and the other Persians arrived. By a11d by
a few people gathered. Someone spoke about
divorce, whether it is permissible in the Bahai
Movement. Abdul-Baha said yes, but under
certain restrictions. All means of reconcilia-
tion must be tried and if there is absolute in-
compatibility of temper, then one year's sepa-

