2 STAR OF THE WEST
THE MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR IN AMERICA
No. I2 Vol. of the STAR or THE Wasr
I the Executive Board of Bahai Temple Unity
rendered a full statement of its work during
the existence of that Unity. The original tract
of Land has been completely paid for and
$5,000.00 paid on the second tract across Sheri-
dan Road, giving a Lake shore outlook. The
original price of this second tract (293 feet)
is $17,000.00, to be met by annual payments of
$3,000.00 each, Sept. Ist. Because of Abdul-
Bahai's great longing to see the main tract
clear of debt the owner of the second tract
was seen and kindly postponed the September
payment of $3,000.00 to March Ist.
Just before leaving Chicago, Abdul-Baha in-
structed the Secretary that the friends of
America should raise the debt on the Lake
Shore tract as quickly as possible and then
collect money to begin construction of the
building of the House of Prayer, the Mashrak-
el-Azkar.
Abdul-Baha says: "Today the Mashrak-el-
Azkar in Chicago has great importance. All
the Bahais must turn their faces in that direc-
tion"; also, "The matter of the Mashrak-el-
Azkar does not depend upon personal en-
deavor, it needs united 
When in Washington, D. C., in November,
Abdul-Baha gave the following Prayer for
his return to America. Cannot the Bahais
of America make this a daily prayer and dedi-
cate their lives through "united endeavor" to
prepare the Mashrak-el-Azkar so that--if God
Wills--Abdu1-Baha may dedicate the Building?
Prayer.
Vfhen asked if he would return to America,
Abdul-Baha said: "It is in God's hands.
Pray for me to return and say: 
Confirm Abdul-Baha in the Cause of
God. Confirm Him in the servitude of the
East, so that He may not spend all His time
in the Orient; that He may return to America
and occupy His time in the Western World."
CORINNE TRUE,
Financial Secretary Bahai Temple Unity.
I
0
T116 Mirza Abul Fazl
Recently Abdul-Baha said:
"Consider the times of the past: Regard for instance the days of His Holiness
Christ and days subsequent thereto. Hovv many were the libelous things attributed
to Him! How many were the utterances in the Temples against Him! How
many titles were given unto Him, they gave the title Beelzebub--Satan! They did
not say 'Jesus,' they used the word 'Beelzebub.' 'Beelzebub was captured! Beel-
zebub was paraded through the streets! Beelzebub was crucified!' they said. . . .
But remember that these did not affect the Cause of Christianity; nay, rather, It
advanced daily in power and potency, in splendor and effulgence. Therefore, my
purpose is to warn you against accusations, certain criticisms, certain revilings in
articles in the newspapers. D0 not worry; they are the very cause of confirming
the Cause, of uplifiting the Movement. . . . A great confusion will take place in
the churches. . . Some ministers will arise saying the Bahais are misguided. That
is the day the Cause is going to spread.
"My purpose is this: That his honor Mirza Abul azl has Written a treatise
answering the criticisms of a London preacher. It is published in Chicago; each
one of you should have a copy of that book, and read, memorize and ponder over
it. Then when anybody advances any accusations or criticisms, you will be Well
armed."
Price each 15 cents
Order of MISS MARY LESCH, 5205 Jefferson Avenue, Chicago

