6 STAR OF THE WEST
ABDUL-BAHA WITH THE CHILDREN OF THE FRIENDS IN CHICAGO.
FROM Noras TAKEN BY ELLA COOPER AND ELLA M. BAILEY
Photographs by Muriel Jones and A. C. Killius.
-
A A 
meeting with
the children of the
friends in Chicago
on Sunday morn-
ing, May 5th, was
an event that shall
ever be remem-
bered by all who
were present.
Although many
lived considerable
distance and found
it necessary to
arise as early as
five o'clock, yet at the appointed
hour of eight, about thirty-five children were
on hand to greet him and receive the spiritual
baptism in store for them.
They were gathered in a circle in the middle
of the beautiful parlor of The Plaza, the parents
and friends making another circle behind them.
When Abdul-Baha entered all arose. While
he took the seat prepared for him, the children
sang without accompaniment, "Softly His
Voice is Calling Now."
Then followed the scene that is indelibly
stamped upon the minds and hearts. He
called each child to him in turn, took them
in his lap, petting and stroking the hair and
hugging and kissing the little ones, pressing
the hands and embracing the older ones, all
with such infinite love and tenderness shining
in his eyes and thrilling in the tones of his
voice, that when he whispered in English In
their ears to tell him their names, they an-
swered as joyfully and freely as they would a
beloved father. To each child he gave a little
different touch, patting some on the breast,
some on the back and some on the head. He
blessed them all. There was no suggestion
of haste and a hush fell up-on the group--a
quiet, vibrant, eloquent many
to feel that it was just such a picture Jesus
must have m-ade and which has touched the
hearts of all child-1-overs for these two-thous-
and years.
The children's joy and his own happiness
seemed to culminate when one dear little tot
ran to him and fairly threw herself into his
arms. \/Vhen he let her go she stood for a
second and then suddenly laughed aloud with
perfect joy, which found its instant echo in
a ripple around the whole circle.
Abdul-Baha then stood and spoke as fol-
lows: "You are the children of whom I-Iis
Holiness Christ has said, _you are the denizens
of the>> Kingdom; and according to the words
of you are the very lamps or
candles of the world of humanity, for your
hearts are exceedingly p-ure and your spirits
are most delicate. You are near the source;
you have not yet become contaminated. You
are like lam-bs, or like a very polished mirror.
My hope for you is that your parents may
educate you spiritually, giving you the ut-
most ethical training. May your education be
m-ost perfect so- that each one of you may be
imbued with all the virtues of the human
world. May you advance in all the degrees,
be they material degrees or spiritual degrees.
May you all become learned, acquire sciences
and arts, acquire the arts and crafts; may you
be useful members of human society, may
you be conducive to the progress of human
civilization; may you be a cause of the mani-
festation of the divine bestowals, may each
one of you be a shining star, radiating the
light of the oneness of humanity towards. the
East and West; may you be conducive to the
unity of mankind; may you be conducive to
the love of the whole. May the reality de-
posited in the human entity become apparent
through your efforts. I pray for all of you,
asking God's aid and confirmation in your
behalf.
"You are all my children, you are my spir-
itual children. The spiritual children are very
dear, they are dearer than physical children,
because it is possible for physical children
to prove unspiritual, but you are all spiritual
children, therefore you are very dear; you
are m.ost beloved. I wish for you progress
along all degrees. May God aid you. May
you be surrounded by His gaze of kindness,
and may you be nurtured and attain maturity
under His protection. You are all blessed."
Abdul-Baha then divided a bouquet of
flowers which was upon the center table, and
also gave to each child an envelope full of
rose petals. He then walked slowly around
the circle, laying his hand in blessing upon
each little head, his face beaming with divine

