STAR OF THE WEST 25
p1'i1'1CipleS, bidding men live at peace with each
other, to love each other. Now he feels that
the East is a different place than the West
in its history, customs, thought and action.
Of course when distinguished visitors from
the Orient come to us, we are often a little
dismayed at the slight regard in which they
hold material progress and the practical side
of life. Our guest, the speaker this evening,
understands all that, and he wishes to address
himself more directly upon the question: How
can the mystic East help the practical West?
What can the Orient bring to the real prob-
lems of the Occident? What can he and all
that is behind him, history and tradition, offer
to the newer world, the newer civilization
with its frantic energy, with its love of deeds,
with its scientific effort? Of course the West
feels in the very essence of what is called
materialism, there is spiritual truth; that if
we go on far enough, if we go down deep
enough, if we proceed resolutely enough, we
shall find the depth' of what is superficially
called materialism to b-e the most beautiful
spirituality.
I hope those who can address Abdul-Baha
in his own language will say to him with what
warmth of personal affection and with what
great satisfaction we all welcome him here
again to the Church of the Ascension and I
assure him that we shall listen to every word
that comes from his lips as proceeding from
a soul which has lived nearly three score years
and ten with the very central spiritual light
of unity and has walked with God. We shall
read into each word not only the every day
significance of our Western definitions, but we
shall read into each word the symbolic sig-
nificances which he so gently teaches of the
spiritual outpouring of the East.
ADDRESS BY 
In the terminology of the Holy Books, the
church has been called the "House of the
Covenant" for the reason that the church is a
place where people of differing thoughts and
divergent tendencies,--where all races and na-
tions may come together in a covenant of
permanent fellowship. In the temple of the
Lord, in the house of God, man must be sub-
missive to God. He must enter into a cove-
nant with his Lord in order that he shall obey
His commands and become unified with his
fellow-man. He must not consider divergence
of races nor difference of nationalities; he
must not view variation in denomination and
creed, nor should he take into account the
differing degrees of thoughts; nay, rather he
should look upon all as mankind and realize
that all must become united and agreed. He
must recognize all as one family, one race, one
nativity; all the servants of one God, dwelling
beneath the shelter of the Mercy of one God.
The purpose is that the church is a collective
center. Temples are symbols of the Reality
and Divinity of God, the collective center.
Consider how within a temple every race and
people is seen and represented in the
presence of the Lord, covenanting together in
a covenant of love and fellowship offering
the same melody, prayer and supp-lication
to God. Therefore it is evident that the church
is a collective center for mankind. For this
reason there have been churches and temples
in all the Divine religions. But the real Col-
lective Centers are the Manifestations of God,
of whom the church or temple is a symbol and
expression. That is to say, the Manifesta-
tion of God is the real Divine Temple and
Collective Center of which the outer church
is but a symbol.
Recall the statement of His Holiness Jesus
Christ recorded in the Gospel: addressing
Peter, He said, "Thou art Peter and upon this
rock will I build my church." It is evident
therefore that the Church of God is the Law
of God and the actual edifice is .but one symbol
thereofcollective
center which unites various peoples, nativities,
tongues a11d opinions. All find shelter in its
protection and become attracted by it. For
example, His Holiness Moses and the Mosaic
Law were the unifying centerifor the scattered
sheep of Israel. He united these wandering
flocks, brought them under control of Di-
vine Law, educated them, unified them, caused
them to agree and uplifted them to a superla-
tive degree of development. At a time when
they were debased they became glorified; igno-
rant they were made knowing; in the bonds
of captivity they were given freedom; in short
they were unified. Day by day they advanced
until they attained the highest degree of pro-
gress witnessed in that age. It is therefore
proven that the Manifestation of God and the
Law of God accomplish unity.
It is self--evident that humanity is at vari-
ance. Human tastes differ ;--thoughts, nativi-
ties, races and tongues are various. The need
of a Collective Center by which these differ-
ences may be counterbalanced and the people
of the world be unified is obvious. Consider
how nothing but a spiritual power can bring
about this unification ;--f0r material conditions

