STAR OF THE WEST 9
man" will be ushered in. This international
tribunal will be the court of appeals between
the nations. Fifty years ago 
wrote to all the rulers of the world about this
international tribunal of arbitral justice.
These are some of the teachings in the re-
ligion of of which would
take a great deal of time to expound. I will
just add that it is my hope that during these
days in which this Peace Conference* is dis-
cussing negotiations forterms of peace, you
will strive to the utmost that peace measures
and peaceful negotiations may be carried on
among them. I am very pleased that I am
living in London during these days. I sup-
plicate that the Conference may be crowned
with success, so that peace may be established
in the Balkans, so that this bloodshed may
cease, so that this Conference may become a
working basis for the future international
peace. May all the nations and all the coun-
tries of the world strive with us, that in the
future there may be no war and no bloodshed.
As the English government is a just govern-
ment and as the British nation is a noble
nation and accomplishes whatever it under-
takes, it is my hope that in this matter it will
manifest the utmost wisdom and sagacity, so
that the sun of peace may dawn on the horizon
of the Balkans, so that eternal fellowship may
be realized among them, and whenever in the
future there is any difficult problem a con-
ference may be called for its settlement, so
that through these various conferences all the
troubles of humanity may be solved.
May there remain no more war and strife;
and tranquillity dawn on the world of human-
ity expressive of the world of light, so that
this nether world may be transformed by love
and concord and may become the foretaste of
the other kingdom. Then all humanity will
be sheltered under the shadow of the
Almighty. This is my hope, this is the highest
desire of my life day and night. I pray and I
beg confirmation from God for this govern-
ment, that this nation may be assisted to hold
aloft the banner of international peace.

After the deep silence which followed
Abdul-Baha's stirring address, the chairman
introduced Miss Alice Buckton, who l1as been
closely associated with this great movement,
both here and in America.

*He1d in London during armistice of Bal-
kan-Turkish war.
A WORD FROM MISS ALICE BUCKTON.
Miss Buckton read the Hidden Words, com-
mencing: Ye Discerning Ones of the
People." She told how these "Hidden Words"
had been written in prison and how they had
come out of that prison and gone all over the
world. She spoke of the significance of the
Peace Conference being held in England and
recalled Queen Victoria's answer to BAHA-
message proclaiming that war should
cease and that the day of peace was at hand.
Queen Victoria's reply was that if this procla-
mation was of God, it would stand.
Miss Buckton emphasized the fact that this
was no new religion, it sought the Unity of all
Religions, shutting out none of them, but find-
ing a common meeting place for all. She
likened it to a garden of flowers where vast
variety did away with monotony and made an
interesting Unity.
The chairman then introduced Mrs. Despard,
President of the Women's Freedom League,
who spoke as follows:
TALK BY MRS. DESPARD.
I am perfectly convinced that every one who
has heard him, who so many today are calling
the Master, one of the great Masters who
has come to enlighten the world, are feeling
how deeply privileged we are to have had the
presence here in our western isle, of this east-
ern Master among us. I had the joy of see-
ing him when he was last over in this coun-
try. I have heard of the wonderful journeys
that he has made. I know how he never
falters. He believes that he is bringing a
message to the world and we believe it too.
I sometimes think that when in the future
the story of the present generation comes to
be summed up, we shall be shown it under two
aspects. One aspect is that which is troubling
us so much at the present 
There is unrest everywhere, unrest in industry,
unrest among the women of the country, un-
rest intellectually and unrest religiously, and
some are frightened as they look out, and won-
der if these days mean the disintegration of
which we have been hearing, which is the
very fruit of this. But some of us think that
this unrest at the present moment is actually
a healthy That it is on account of
the unreality of things that people generally
are troubled and anxious and longing for
some settled thing.
We have the mighty movements--the women's
movement, the religious movement, the spirit-

