STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as April 9, 1911, at the post oflice at under the Act of March 3, 1879.
ALBERT R. WINDUST GERTRUDE
Persian Editor-Mmzn AHMAD SOHRAB, 509 McLach1en BIdg.,Washington,
Associate Editor-DR. Zm M. BAGDADI, Chicago
pm
of



TERMS $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P, 0. Box 283, Chicago, 111,. U. S. A.
To personal checln please add auflicienl to cover the bani! exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI News SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS cop! 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ 1S small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and beoome world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Arms.
Vol. Chicago (August 1, 1912) Asma No. 8
THE MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR: A CALL FOR FUNDS.
Bahai Temple Unity, at its annual meeting
in May, I9I2, directed its Executive Board to
not renew the mortgage of Ten Thousand
Dollars on the Temple site, and all the Assem-
blies pledged their effort to raise the Ten
Thousand Dollars due June 24. Five Thou-
sand Dollars of the amount only was paid in,
and that amount with accrued interest was
paid on that date. By the courtesy of the
mortgagee, the time for the payment of the
balance was extended ninety days. On Sep-
tember 24, 1912, this balance, $5,000, will be
due and must be paid. We have been admon-
ished and are pursuing the policy to avoid
debt and to withhold all construction work
until every lien of debt or possibility of it is
removed. The work of this foundation of
the renewed Cause of God in America must
not longer lag. Let each Assembly make coin-
plcte canvass of all friends who are interested
in or adhere to this Cause, and secure pledges
or assurances of the gifts they will be able
to contribute to this Cause by September 24.
With this information of pledges your com-
mittee will be ablc to advise you of the
amount so pledged, so that all may be ac-
quainted with the progress made toward wip-
ing out this debt. Let there be no delay. The
demand is urgent, the call is made. Let the
response be to the limit of the ability of each.
EXECUTIVE BOARD,
Per Albert H. Hall, P1'esz'dent.

A MEMORABLE FEAST: ABDUL-BAHA THE HOST.
Address from Stenographic Notes by E. Foster.
BDUL-BAT-IA gave a Unity Feast in
A West Englewood, N. on Saturday,
June 29, to the Bahais of New York
and vicinity. About three hundred were pres-
ent. In addition to the seven Persians in his
party there were guests from Philadelphia,
Buffalo, Green Acre, Me., Washington, D. C.,
Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Portland, Ore.
There in the fragrant pine grove, on a
bright June day, Abdul-Baha himself the host,
smiling joyously and radiating the spirit of
good will, welcomed the happy friends. It
was indeed a picture, and one of the utmost
spiritual significance. Christians, Iews, Mo-
hammcdans and the white and black races
were represented. Abdul--Baha's very pres-
ence seemed to fill every soul with love. The
bountiful meal was a Persian Feast, the de-
licious dishes being prepared by members of
his Oriental party. He talked to them from
the center of the large circle around which
the tables were arranged. He said:
"This is a good gathering. With sincere
intentions have you all gathered here. The
intention of all is the attainment of the vir~
tues of God. The purpose of all is unity and

