that was forbidden. There were certain laws
that were valid formerly, but during the time
of Moses they were annulled. For example,
camel's flesh during the time of Abraham was
a food for man, but during the time of Jacob
it was made unlawful.
Such changes and transformations in re-
ligious teaching have to do with the trifling
things of life. They are not important.
His Holiness Moses lived in the wilderness
of Terah, where retribution necessitated
direct action. There were no penitentiaries.
There were no forms of punishment. Hence,
according to the exigency of the time and
place, it was a law of God that an was to
be for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth. If a
1nan's tooth were broken by another, his tooth
would be broken. If a man for instance,
caused the deafness of another person, the
other person would make him deaf. But you
cannot do that now. You would not blind a
man because he accidentally blinded you. Is it
possible to carry such things out?
In the Taurat there are ten commandments
concerning the murderer. Is it possible to
carry these out? Can these ten ordinances,
concerning the treatment of murderers, be
enforced?
Modern times are such that even the ques-
tion of capital one form
which some nations have decided to enforce
in relation to a a mooted ques-
tion. Wise men are consulting as to its feas-
ibility or otherwise.
So everything that is valid is only valid for
the time being. The exigency of that time de-
manded that if a man committed theft to the
extent of a dollar they would chop off his
hand, but now you cannot cut off a man's
hand for a thousand dollars. You cannot do
it; it is impossible. This is true, for it was
useful for that time, but things are useful in
accordance with the exigencies of the time.
Time changes, and when time changes the
laws have to change. But remember, these
are not of importance; they are the accidentals
of religion. The essentials which are spiritual
in character, which have to do with morality,
which have to do with the ethical development
of man, which have to do with the faith of
are ideal; they are necessary and
permanent; they are one foundation, and they
are not subject to change or transformation.
Hence for the fundamental basis of the Re-
ligion of God there is no change or transforma-
tion. That is the basis, the fundamental
6 STAR OF THE WEST
foundation of Religion. That never, never
changes.
The basis of the law of Moses, His Holiness
Christ promulgated. That self-same founda-
tion of Religion was promulgated by Moham-
med. All the great Prophets have served that
foundation. They have served this Reality.
Hence the purposes and the purports of all
the Prophets have been one and the same.
They were the advancement of the body--pol-
itic. They were the cause of the honor of
mankind. They were the Divine civilizations
of man, the foundation whereof is one, and
as we declared before, the proofs concerning
the validity of a personage, the proofs of
inspiration are, after all, the very deeds of
valor and greatness emanating from that
Prophet. If that Prophet l1as proved to be
instrumental in the elevation of mankind, un-
doubtedly he has been a valid Prophet.
Again, I wish you to be very fair in the
judgment of these following remarks:
At the time when the Israelites had again
been put in captivity at a period when the
Roman Empire had dispersed and effaced the
Hebrew nation, because the Law of God had
as it were, passed from amongst them, and
the foundations of the Religion of God had
been destroyed--at such a time as this Iesus
Christ appeared among them.
Wlien His I-Ioliness Christ appeared from
the Jews, the first thing He did was to pro-
claim the validity of the Mosaic mission. He
declared that the Taurat, the Old Testament,
was the Book of God. He declared that all
the prophets of Israel were valid and true.
He eulogized Moses, and through His recom-
mendations Moses' name was spread through-
out the world. The fame of Moses, through
the Christian movement, was circulated
broadcast.
Before the rise of Christ it is a fact that in
Persia the name of Moses had not been
heard. Throughout India they had no knowl-
edge of Judaism, and were it not for the
Chi-istianizing of Europe it would not have
had this knowledge of the Old Testament
which it has. Throughout Europe there was
not a copy of the Old Testament. But listen
to this and judge it aright: It was through
the instrumentality of Christ, it was through
the translation of the New Testament--the
little volume of the Gospel--that the Old Tes-
tament, the Taurat, was translated into six
hundred languages and spread throughout the
world at large.

