STAR OF THE WEST 9
possesses the virtues of the mineral plus the
power or virtue of change ;--that is to say, the
power of growth. Hence plant lite is a step
further and more specialized than the mineral.
The third created object is the animal. The
animal possesses the virtues of the mineral
and the virtues of the vegetable, but above
all that, it is endowed with sensation. It
has the sense of sight, hearing, taste, smell
and touch. Therefore the animal is possessed
of the virtues of the mineral, the vegetable,
and in addition is endowed with peculiar qual-
ities of sensitiveness. But man who is the
most specialized form of creation, embodies
all the virtues of the mineral, vegetable and
animal, plus an ideal power which is not to
be found in the others,--which is absolutely
absent in the others. This can be said to be
the power of intellect. The outcome of this
intellectual power is science, which is especi-
ally characteristic of man. This is the power
oi external investigation,--the discoverer of
the mysteries of outer phenomena. This sci-
entific power comprehends all created objects.
This power verily can discover the hidden
and mysterious things of the earth. In man
alone this is noticeable. The most noble virtue,
the most praiseworthy accomplishment of man
therefore is scientific attainment. Science may
be likened to a mirror wherein are reflected
the images of these mysteries of outer phe-
nomena. Science is powerful enough to bring
before us the ages of the past and link the
past to the present. It is science which can
bring forth and exhibit to us, as it were, in
the arena of knowledge all that has been latent
or hidden in the past. The philosophical con-
clusions of by-gone centuries, the wisdom of
former sages, science can reproduce for us in
the form of an epitome. Science can review
for us the teachings of all the prophets and
wise men. Science is therefore the discoverer
of the past. Basing itself upon the premises
of the past and present, science can deduce
conclusions as to what shall be in the future.
Science' is the governor of gov-
ernor of the mysteries of nature,--the one
agency which can explore the institutions of
nature. All created things are captives of
nature. Science is the "breaker" as it were
of the laws of nature. All created objects
that we see are under natural law. They
cannot trespass the laws of nature in one de-
tail or particular. All the infinite starry worlds
and planets are the subjects or captives of
nature. All the belongings of this earth, all
created things upon this globe are captives of
nature. All minerals, vegetables and animals
are captives of nature. But man through his
scientific power can change this; can modify
and change the laws of nature.
Consider for example, man, according to
natural law, must dwell upon the earth. But
breaking this law he can sail in vessels over
the ocean, fly in the atmosphere in airships
or advance through the depths of the sea in
submarines. This is against the law of nature;
this breaks the sovereignty of nature. Ac-
cording to nature's laws and methods all the
science we have, all the inventions and dis-
coveries we have should be hidden. Accord-
ing to nature they should not be open and
known ;--they should be mysteries. But man
through the power of science takes them out
of the plane of the invisible and 
breaks the very laws of nature, draws them
into the plane of the visible, exposes and
explains them. For instance one of the mys-
teries of nature is electricity. According to
nature this force, this energy should be latent
and hidden,--but man through his scientific
power breaks the laws of nature, arrests it
and even imprisons it for his use.
In short, man through this scientific power
is the most nob-le of creation, the governor
of nature. He takes the sword from nature's
hand and uses it on nature's head. According
to nature the night is to be dark and gloomy
but man takes his sword of electricity,--this
electric sword,--kills the darkness and dispels
the gloom. Man is progressive, nature is not;
man has memory, nature has not. Man is a
sensitive being, nature is minus. Man is nobler
than nature. There are certain powers in
man which are absent in nature. If it be
claimed that these powers which are present
in man are from nature itself ;-that man is
a part of response to this we
will say that if nature is the whole and man
is part of that whole, the question arises is
it possible for a part to possess virtues which
are absent in the whole? No, undoubtedly
the part must be endowed with the same quali-
ties and properties as the whole. For ex-
ample, the hair is a part of this human an-
atomy. It cannot contain elements which are
absent in other parts of the body, for in
all cases the elements composing the body
are the same. Therefore it becomes evident
and manifest that man although in body a
part of nature, nevertheless in spirit possesses
a power which is beyond nature; because were
he simply a part of nature he could possess
only the things which nature possesses, God

