STAR OF THE WEST 13
years. Never have we found aught in it but
good; never has there been one false note;
never one thing of self seeking. Wherever it
has gone, it has shattered the chains of preju-
dice and ignorance. It has given to the women
of the East a larger life. It has given to the
men of that Eastern country larger possibilities,
and now it is spreading through this land of
ours. We have its leader here this morning.
To stand in the presence of the prophets of
old is great, but to stand in the presence of the
prophets of our own generation is far greater.
One of the succession of men who has brought
forward this religion-Abdul-Baha--will speak
to us now through an interpreter.
ADDRES BY ABDUL-BAI-IA.
I wish to touch upon the subject of the
Divine Unity,--the Oneness of 
this revered assemblage.
It is a self-evident fact that the phenomenal
reality can never grasp nor comprehend the
Ancient or Essential Reality. Utter weakness
cannot grasp absolute strength. When we
glance at the phenomena of the world, the
world of genesis, we discover various differ-
ences which make it impossible for the lower
to comprehend the higher. For example, the
mineral kingdom no matter how much it shall
advance can never comprehend the vegetable
kingdom. The vegetable kingdom no matter
how far it shall develop can have no message
for, nor can it come in touch with the animal
kingdom. No matter how great shall be the
growth of a tree, it cannot realize the five
senses, hearing, seeing, smell, taste and touch;
--these are beyond its comprehension. Although
in the world of being itis the possessor of exist-
ence, yet a tree has no knowledge of the animal
kingdom, because the animal kingdom is a
superior degree. Likewise no matter how far
the animal shall advance, it can have no idea
of the human reality; of intellect and spirit.
Of these it can have no knowledge. Difference
in the degree is a hindrance to this compre-
hension. A degree beneath a superior degree,
a lower degree, cannot comprehend a higher,
although all are upon the plane of genesis,
Whether mineral, vegetable or animal. For
difierence of degree is a hindrance to this com-
prehension. We can say,--this product of the
vegetable kind exists; we have knowledge of
its kingdom. Why? Because our degree is
superior to the vegetable; but it has no knowl-
edge of us,--no information of us. No matter
how far this flower may advance in its own
sphere in the vegetable kingdom, it can never
grasp hearing and sight. Now inasmuch as in
the creational world, which is a phenomenal
state, the difference of degree is an obstacle or
hindrance to comprehension, how can the
human reality which is a created exigency,
comprehend the Ancient or Divine Reality
which is essential? That is why it is impos-
sible for man to comprehend the Divine Reality,
for the Reality of Divinity is sanctified beyond
human comprehension. Furthermore that
which comes within the human grasp is finiteinfinite. Is it possible for
the human to be infinite and the Reality of
Divinity to be finite? On the contrary, as a
matter of fact, the human reality is finite, while
the Essence of Divinity is infinite. Therefore
whatsoever comes within the human grasp,
whatsoever fact or reality you bring within the
sphere of your comprehension is finite. As the
Essence of Divinity which is infinite cannot
be comprehended;-therefore God brings forth
certain Manifestations, and upon those Hoiy
Manifestations does He bestow certain efEul-
gences causing them to be the media between
humanity and Himself. These Holy Mani-
festations who are the Prophets of God are as
mirrors, and the Essence of Divinity is likened
to the sun. The sun has shone forth upon these
mirrors, and these mirrors have acquired illumi-
nation from the sun, but the sun does not de-
scend from its high zenith and does not effect
entrance within the mirror. At most it is
this :--that this mirror has attained the greatest
polish and purity. The utmost capacity of
radiance has been developed in it, therefore the
Sun of Reality with its fullest effulgence and
splendor has become revealed or reflected there-
from. These mirrors are whereas the
Reality of Divinity is in its highest apogee.
Although its lights are shining and its heat is
manifest in them; although these mirrors are
telling their story, nevertheless the Sun keeps
its lofty station does not descend; it does
not admit entrance, because it is holy and
sanctified.
The Sun of Divinity and of Reality has re-
vealed itself in various mirrors. Though these
mirrors are numerous, yet the Sun is one. The
bestowals of God are one; the Reality of the
Divine religions is one. Consider how it is
the same light ;--the one light which reflects
itself in the numerous mirrors. Now there are
certain souls who are lovers of the Sun; they
perceive the elfulgence of the Sun from every
mirror. They are not fettered or attached to
the mirrors. They are attached to the Sun;
they adore the Sun no matter from what point

