16 STAR OF
rived at is, that nature is the ruler, nature is
the governor, for all virtues or perfections are
the exigencies of this nature; as nature,
of necessity, must be the ruling force in all
things, therefore man, who is a part of this
nature, who is an exigency of this nature, is
but a member thereof, and nature is the whole.
Man is possessed of certain virtues, of which
nature is dispossessed. Man is possessed of
volition, of which nature is void. For instance,
an exigency of the sun is the giving of light.
It is forced, it cannot do otherwise; it has
to radiate light, but it is not volitional. An
exigency of nature, with regard to this force
known as electricity, is that it shall illumine
when in this form; it cannot give light, it
cannot force its light; it has no volition of its
own. An exigency or property of water is
humidity. Water cannot be conceived without
humidity; it is not volitional. Likewise, all
the properties of nature are inherent and nat-
ural, not volitional, hence it is stated philo-
sophically that nature is void of volition and
void of innate perception, and in this we agree
with the materialists. We state the same.
Now the thing which presents food for
thought is this: I-Iow is it that man, who is
part of this plan, is possessed of certain quali-
ties whereof nature is dispossessed? Is it con-
ceivable that a drop should be imbued with
qualities of which the ocean is dispossessed?
The drop is a part, the ocean is the whole. Is
it possible for this form of phenomena of illu-
mination to be possessed of certain properties
of which the great luminary, the sun, should be
dispossessed? Is it possible for a stone to be
possessed of certain properties of which the
mineral kingdom in the aggregate is minus?
Is it possible, for example, for the human nail,
which is a part of the anatomy, to be possessed
of certain cellular properties of which the hu-
man brain should be dispossessed? Now, man
we find to be intelligent; generally, consciously
intelligent, whereas nature is not. Man is pos-
sessed of memory; nature is not. Man is the
revealer of the mysteries of nature, but nature
is not conscious of those mysteries of herself.
Therefore it becomes evident that in man there
are two sides; there is the animal side that is
subject to nature; there is also the spiritual
side that surpasses nature. This overcomes
because it is the nobler, being possessed of cer-
tain virtues of which nature is not possessed,
therefore it is more powerful. These ideal
Virtues of man surpass or surround nature;
comprehending nature with these powers, man
can take the very mysteries of nature and
THE WEST
bring them forth into the visible. All the arts
which are now visible were once the mysteries
of nature. All the sciences existing were once
the mysteries of nature. All these, man com-
manding nature, took out of the invisible plane
and ushered them in on the plane of visibility,
whereas according to the exigencies of nature
these secrets of nature should have remained
latent and hidden. For example: take the
electrical force. According to the exigencies
of nature, electricity should be a hidden mys-
tery, but the penetrating power of man has
discovered this and taken it out of the invisible
and ushered it onto the visible. It is also
evident that the human body is captive of na-
ture and nature rules it, just as man, for in-
stance, cannot do without sleep, an exigency
of nature, a requirement of nature is that man
should sleep. As he cannot abstain from food,
from drink, from water, he is therefore a cap-
tive of nature; but from the vantage of spirit
he is the ruler of nature. The intelligence
wherewith man is endowed, rules nature--that
is self--evident as the su11 at midday. Notwith-
standing that man is the ruler over nature, it
is most strange to notice the contrary opinions,
that man in his entirety is a captive of nature.
It is the same as saying that the comparative
degree is greater than the superlative degree;
it is the same as saying that the imperfect is,
after all, the comprehensive thing, which com-
prehends the perfect; it will be parallel to
saying that the pupil surpasses the teacher. Is
that possible? When we discover that the in-
telligence of man, that the constructiveness of
man, that his discovering mind, are greater
than that which we see in nature, how can We
say that man is a captive of nature ?--that, a
child cannot accept. It would indicate that
man is deprived of the bounties of God; that
he is retrograding to the degree of the animal,
whence his keen intelligence does not operate,
and that he sees himself as an animal, having
no distinction between himself and degree of
the animal.
I was once conversing with a famous phil-
osopher of the materialistic typein Alexandria,
and he was opinionated on this point, that
man and all that pertains to this point belong
to nature, that after all, man is only a social
animal; and in some respects he was quite an
animal, and when he was discomfitted in the
argument, he suddenly and quickly said: 
do not see any difference between myself and
the donkey; I cannot see any distinction be-
tween myself and the donkey; therefore I can-
not accept these distinctions." But Abdul-Baha

