2-2 STAR OF THE WEST
eyes in order that we may see the Light of
the Sun. 'We must render clear the nostrils
in order to scent the fragrance of the Rose
Garden. must render the ears attentive in
order to hear the summons from the Supreme
Kingdom. The ear which is deaf, no matter
how beautiful the melody, cannot enjoy it~
cannot hear the call of the Supreme Con-
course. The nostril which is affected with
catarrh cannot sense the fragrant odors of
the garden. Therefore we must ever work for
capacity and seek readiness. As long as capac-
ity is wanting, the beauties of God will not
penetrate. His Holiness Christ states in the
gospel. The utterance which I give forth-
my like seeds which a gardener
sows. Some seeds are cast upon stony
ground; some fall upon sterile soil; some are
choked by thorns and thistles; but some are
cast into ready, fertile and capable soil
(hearts). When seeds are cast in the soil of
sterility, no growth becomes manifest. Seeds
cast on stony ground will grow but awhile;
owing to lack of roots they will perish and
wither away. Seeds which are cast among
thorns and thistles are choked and will not
grow; but the seed which is cast in good
ground will grow, will become verdant, will
branch forth and blossom like the rose.
In the same way the Words which I utter
unto you may not produce any effect at all.
Some hearts may be affected somewhat but
soon forget, and others, owing to their super-
stitious ideas and imaginations, are sub-
merged in complications. But the blessed souls
who hear my admonitions and exhortations,
listening thereto with the ear of acceptance-
in them my VVord penetrates most effectively,
and they day by day advance and reach even
to the Supreme Concourse. Consider how
this parable makes attainment dependent upon
Capacity. Unless capacity is attained the sum-
mons of the Kingdom will not reach the ear;
the Light of the Sun will not be witnessed,
and the good fragrances of the Rose Garden
will not be enjoyed. Therefore let us endeavor
to attain to capacity; to attain to worthiness,
and thus hear the call of the Kingdom,
hearken to the glad--tidings of God, be--
come revivified by the breaths of the Holy
Spirit, hoist the standard of the oneness of
humanity, establish brotherhood among the
human race, and beneath the shadow of God's
grace attain to that life winch is everlasting
and eternal.
Pra-yer.
thou Forgiving God! These servants are
turning to Thy Kingdom and seeking Thy
Grace and Bounty. God, make their hearts
good and pure, in order that they may be-
come worthy of Thy Love. Purify and sanc-
tify the spirits. Thus may the Light of the
Sun of Reality shine through them. Purify
and sanctify the eyes that they may perceive
Thy Lights. Purify and sanctify the ears in
order that they may hear the call of Thy King-
dom. Lord, verily we are weak, but Thou
art mighty. Verily we are poor, but Thou art
rich. are seekers and Thou art the One
sought. Lord, have compassion upon us,
forgive us; bestow upon all capacity and readi-
ness in order that we may become responsive
to Thy favors; that we may become attracted
to Thy Kingdom; that we may be set aglow
with the fire of Thy love; that we may be--
come resuscitated through the breaths of Thy
I-Ioly Spirit in this radiant century. Thou
art powerful; Thou art almighty; Thou art
merciful, and Thou art most bountiful.

SPECIAL is now in New Hampshire and expects to return to New York
City the latter part of August or first of September. As We go to press, comes to us that he will
be pleased to meet in that city any or all of the friends throughout America before he sails for the
Orient about the middle of September.
The Editors.
CONTENTS OF THE PERSIAN SECTION
(I) Picture of servants and translator with
Abdul-Baha in Lincoln Park, Chicago; (2)
Address of Abdul-Baha delivered while mov-
ing picture of him was taken at Brooklyn,
N. (3) reception given to Abdul-Baha by
the Turkish Ambassador in Vliashington;
D. (4) Address of Abdul-Baha at the
Unitarian Convention in Boston, Mass.; (5)
Reception given by the Boston Bahai As-
sembly to Abdul--Baha at the home of Mrs.
Breed on the Anniversary of the Declaration
of the Bab; (6) Abdul-Baha's Address be-
fore the Congress of the Free Religious Asso-
ciations of America assembled in Boston; (7)
Abdul-Baha in Central Congregational Church,
Brooklyn.
Original photographs of Abdul-Baha with the Persian friends reproduced in the Persian sectionKillius, 124 Fifth Spokane, Washington--unm0unted, 55c; in folders, 65?.
The proceeds from sale of photographs taken by Mr. Killius, will go to the Mashrak-el-Azkar fund.

