4 STAR OF THE WEST
As soon as we were comfortably ensconced
at the Inn, Abdul-Baha visited us, and there
ensued one of those delightful meetings which
characterize such occasions. He asked if we
were well; if we were happy, if our rooms
were comfortable, and exhibited the tender so-
licitude of a host to his guests, or more prop-
erly, a father to his children. Then ensued
the following:
Abdul-Baha: "In returning, I will certainly
go to Europe."
Miss Knobloch: "To Stuttgart?"
Abdul-Baha: "Perhaps." (Laughing)
Mrs. Hannen: "They are supplicating for
it."
Abdul-Baha: "See how much we have
moved from one place to another. How far
New York is from here: Washington, Chicago,
Philadelphia, the many places we have visited.
And now these ladies have come to invite me
to come to California. They are supplicating
that I should come to California. Now these
two have come to insist that we shall go; and
letters are coming about it. A letter came
yesterday from the Spiritual Assembly, asking
how it came that we went to other places and
not there. Now Mrs. I-Ioagg is going to build
an aeroplane and take me there. What do you
advise? Shall I ride on it?"
Mrs. Hannen: "It would not be very safe."
Abdul-Baha: "When I ride Noah. This aeroplane will become the
Ark of Noah." (This was accompanied by an
exchange of smiles which showed Abdul-
Baha's keen sense of humor.)
Abdul-Baha: "Tonight I have promised to
be present at the house of Mrs. Parsons at 8
o'clock."
When told that we were happy to have had
Abdul-Baha with us, the reply was, am
very happy also."
AT ABDUL-BAHA's HOUSE, WEDNES-
DAY MORNING, JULY 3151*.
Abdul-Baha: "Anyone whom I send to a
place is confirmed; anyone. One of them is
Miss Alma Knobloch. God has confirmed her.
In the beginning she was teaching in Stuttgart.
Now she is in Leipzig."
One of our p-arty was obliged to leave on
the afternoon train because of a promise made
to another; Abdul--Baha desired all to remain,
but upon hearing of the facts said, "Let two
remain and one go."
"The Bahais must be prompt in the fulfill-
ment of their promises, and perform whatever
promise they have given.
"In reality, the length or shortness of the
meeting has no influence whatever. It depends
upon capacity. A piece of dry wood, as soon
as it comes in contact with fire, receives the
ignition, but a piece of wet wood, even if it
stays in the fire a long time, is not ignited;
it will only produce smoke and fumes. No
matter how long a piece of stone is in the fire
it will not dissolve. Therefore the length of
time has no sway whatever. There must be
capacity. Although the length of time of the
meeting with Mr. I-Iannen is short, yet it is
my hope that its results may become manifold.
From here with a shining face, a merciful
heart and a heavenly power may you return
and become the cause of the guidance of the
people; to be the cause of the firmness of the
souls in the Covenant.
'desire to answer some letters that Miss
Knobloch has sent. They have been here for
some time, but there has been no opportunity
whatever to answer them."
After a time of dictation to Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab: am writing while you are silent.
Is this permitted? [To Miss Knobloch and
Mrs. Hannen.] You enjoy it because the
letter is to your sister. It is fortunate for her
that I find time to answer today. Letters come
by bundles, but there is no time to answer
them."
Abdul-Baha finished dictation, and survey-
ing the mountains with a convenient field-glass,
commented on the beauty of the panorama. It
was indeed matchless--superb. In the distance
a chain ofmountains stretched, lofty Monad-
nook the highest, the others reaching as far as
the could see. In English he said: "Good
mountains; good green; good meadow; good
plain; good view. Speak to me. Speak to
me Told of the study of the Ighan, in the
Wednesday night meetings in Washington, his
comment was, "Very good! Very good! It is
very good to memorize the logical points and
the proofs of the Holy Boo-ks. Those proofs
and evidences which -establish the fact that
is the fulfillment of the Promises
of the Holy Books. These proofs ought to be
collected and memorized. As soon as someone
will ask you--What are your pro0fs?--you
may cry out at the top of your voice and say:
'Here they are 1' 
A question was asked based upon the fa-
miliar reply to those who say there is good in
all things: "What shall we say when they
ask, 'Of what use are the flies and mosqui-
toes?' 
"Answer the questioner: 'What is the use

