18 STAR OF
have been very great. They have caused an
effect in the world of hearts and minds.
'Wherever in the night a lamp is lighted, nat~
urally people are attracted to that light and
gather around it. When there is a gathering
in the evening in any place it is indicative of
the fact that the light has been lighted there.
There are lamps the light of which is limited.
There are Lamps the light of which is un--
limited. There are lamps which illumine small
places. There are Lamps which illumine the
horizons. The Lamp of the Guidance of God,
Wherever lighted, has illumined the horizons.
Praise be to God! in this country the lamp of
the guidance of God has been lighted and day
by day its light is becoming more and more
resplendent and this splendor is becoming more
and more widespread. Now this is not known,
but later its traces will become evident. Con-
sider how in the days of His Holiness Christ
the light of guidance brightened twelve hearts.
Twelve hearts were_ illumined by that light
and how limited it seemed; but how spacious
it became for it illumined the world! You
are not a great body of people, but because the
lamp of guidance has been lighted in your
hearts the effects will be wonderful in the
years to come. It is evident and manifest that
the world shall be illumined; therefore you
must thank God--that praise be to God 
through His favor and grace the lamp of the
Most Great Guidance has been ignited in your
hearts and He has summoned you to His
Kingdom. He has caused the call of the
Supreme Concourse to reach your ears. The
doors of heaven have been opened unto you.
The Sun of Reality has shone' upon you, the
Cloud of Mercy is pouring down and the
Breezes of Providence have blown towards
you. Although the bestowal is great and the
grace is glorious, yet capacity and readiness are
requisite. \/Vithout capacity and readiness the
Divine bestowals will not become manifest and
evident. No matter how much the cloud may
rain, the sun may shine, the breezes may blow
--the land of sterility will give no verdure.
The ground which is pure and free from
thorns and thistles receives and produces
through the rain of the Cloud of Mercy. No
matter how much the sun shines it will have
no effect upon the black rock, but in a pure
and polished mirror its lights become resplend-
ent. Therefore We must obtain capacity in
order that the signs of Mercy of the Lord
may become revealed. We must endeavor to
make the soil of the hearts free from these
useless weeds and sanctified from the thorns
THE WEST
of waste thoughts, in order that the Cloud of
Mercy may bestow its power upon them. The
doors of God are open, but there is need for
readiness. The ocean of Providence is 
ing but we must be able to swim. The lJ6Sl I w-
als of God are descending from the heaven of
grace but capacity is necessary. The fountain
of Providence is gushing forth but we must
have thirst. Unless there be thirst, the salu~
brious water will not assuage. Unless a soul
is hungry the delicious foods of God will not
appeal. Unless the eyes are perceptive the
lights of the sun will not be witnessed. Until
the nostrils are pure the fragrance of the rose
garden will not be inhaled. Unless the heart
be longing, the favors of the Lord will not
become evident. Unless a melodious tune
is given forth, the ears of the hearers will
not be rejoiced. Therefore We must endeavor
day and night to purify the hearts from every
dross, sanctify the souls from every fetter and
become free from the discords of the world
of humanity. Thus the Divine bestowals in
their fullness and glory shall become evident.
If we do not strive and become sanctified
from the defects and evil qualities of human
nature we will not partake of the bestowals
of God. It is like this: the sun is shining
in its full glory, but if the hearts are black as
stone, no results will be forthcoming. If an
ocean of salubrious Water is surging, and we
be not thirsty, what benefit do we receive?
If the candle be lighted and we have no eyes,
what enjoyment do we obtain from it? If
melodious anthems should reach the heavens
and We are bereft of hearing, what enjoy-
ment can we find? Therefore we must en-
deavor always, moan, supplicate and invoke
the Kingdom of God to grant us full capac-
ity, in order that the bestowals of God may
become revealed and manifest in us. And as
we attain to these Divine bestowals we shall
offer thanks to the Threshold of Oneness.
Then shall we be pleased with the Lord, then
shall We be rejoiced that in this evident cen-
tury and in this glorious time, under the
shelter of the Kingdom of God, we have en-
joyed these bestowals, and we will arise in
thanksgiving. Therefore I first exhort myself,
and then I exhort you. Do appreciate this
gre'at bestowal! Do appreciate this most great
guidance! Do appreciate the bestowals of God 
Do appreciate these bounties of the Lord!
You must endeavor day and night that you
may take a greater portion of them, in order
that you may realize this great attainment.
Praise be to God! your -hearts are illumined,

