STAR OF THE WEST 21
Christ was upon the earth, all mankind sought
nearness to God, but in that day no one at-
tained thereto save a very few, namely, the
disciples of our Lord Jesus Christ. Those
blessed souls were blessed with nearness to
the Divine, for Divine nearness is dependent
upon the Love of God. Divine nearenss is
dependent upon the attainment to the knowl-
edge of God. Divine nearness rests upon
severing 0ne's self from all else save God.
Divine nearness is contingent upon self-sacri-
fice. Divine nearness is attainable through
the sacrifice of wealth, forfeiting one's posses-
sions. Divine nearness is made possible through
the baptism by fire and water, for it is stated
in the Gospels that everyone must be baptized
with fire and water. In another place it
states that he must be baptized with fire.
We know by analogy that water symbolizes
the water of life, which is knowledge, and that
by Spirit is meant the Holy Spirit, and by fire
is meant the fire of the love of God; therefore
the meaning is that man must be baptized
with the water of life, The Holy Spirit,
and the fire of the love of the Kingdom. Until
he attains to these three degrees nearness to
God is not possible. Nearness to God is pos-
sible through the same process by which the
Bahais in Persia have attained; namely: those
who gave their lives for that station; who
forfeited their possessions; who gave up their
honor and were willing to sacrifice their com-
fort. With the utmost joy they hastened to
the place of great their blood was
spilled, their bodies were destroyed, their pos-
sessions were pillaged, their children were
taken into captivity. All these conditions they
endured joyfully and willingly ;--through such
self-sacrifice is nearness to God made possible.
And let it be known that near11ess to God is
not dependent upon time or place. Nearness
to God is dependent upon the purity of the
heart. Divine nearness is dependent upon the
exhilaration of the Spirit; through the glad
tidings of God. Consider how a pure and well
polished mirror can reveal fully the effulgence
of the sun, no matter how distant the sun be.
As soon as the mirror is cleansed from dross,
the sun will manifest itself therein. Likewise
the hearts of mankind, the more pure and
polished they become, the nearer they draw to
God, and the Sun of Reality shines therein.
It sets the hearts aglow with the Fire of the
Love of God, the doors of knowledge are
opened, acquaintance with the mysteries of
God is made possible, and so spiritual dis-
coveries are made.
All the prophets through severance have
drawn near to God. Therefore we must emu-
late those holy souls; We must forego our
desires and wishes. We must rescue ourselves
from wallowing in the soil of this earth, until
our hearts become mirror-like, and the Light
of the most great Guidance reveals Itself
therein.
His Holiness in His Hidden
Words proclaimed that God inspires certain
Prophets and is revealed through them: "Thy
heart (the heart of the servant) is my abode;
purify and sanctify it that I may descend and
dwell therein. Thy spirit is my outlook; ren-
der it pure and clear, thus may I become re-
splendently manifest therein." Therefore We
learn that nearness to God is possible through
devotion to Him. Nearness to God is through
entrance into the Kingdom of God. Nearness
to God is made possible through service. to
humanity. earness to God is possible through
love 'to all mankind. Nearness to God is pos-
sible through unity with all humanity. Near-
ness to God is dependent upon kindness to
all mankind. Nearness to God is made pos-
sible through the investigation of the Truth.
Nearness to God is through the acquisition of
praiseworthy virtues. Nearness to God is pos-
sible through service to Universal Peace.
Nearness to God is dependent upon sanctifica
tion; in a word, nearness to God is depend-
ent upon self-sacrifice, self-abnegation, and the
giving up of all to Him.
Nearness is likeness.
Consider how the sun shines upon all crea-
tion, but only surfaces which are pure pol-
ished and clear can reveal the glory and light.
The darkened soul has no portion of the rev-
elation of the glorious Light of Reality, and
the soil of self, unable to take advantage of
that light and heat, produces not. Blind eyes
do not see the rays of the sun, nay rather,
pure eyes with sound and healthy sight, alone
can behold it. Verdant trees, capable trees can
receive the benefit of the sun; therefore man
must seek capacity, must seek readiness. As
long as man lacks capacity or is wanting in
readiness, he is incapable of reflecting that
Light and of taking advantage of its bene-
fits. If the cloud of the mercy of God shall
pour down its rain upon soil that is sterile for
a thousand years, the soil because of its
sterility will not produce. Hence, we must
make our' hearts ready and fertile soil, in
order that the rain of the Mercy of God may
refresh them, and flowers and hyacinths may
grow therein. We must have perceiving

