or "thus do I speak by inspiration." Of this
class were the philosophers of the Illuminati.
Inspirations are the promptings or susceptibili-
ties of the human heart. The promptings of
the heart are sometimes satanic. How are we
to differentiate them? How are we to tell
whether a given statement is an inspiration
and prompting of the heart through the Merci-
ful assistance or through the satanic agency?
Consequently it has become evident that the
four criterions or standards of judgment by
which the human mind reaches its conclusions
are faulty and inaccurate. All of them are
liable to mistake and error in conclusions. But
a statement presented to the mind accompanied
by proofs which the senses can perceive to be
correct, which the faculty of reason can ac-
cept, which is in accord with traditional au-
thority and sanctioned by the promptings of
the heart, can be adjudged and relied upon as
perfectly correct, for it has been proved and
tested by all the standards of judgment and
found to be complete. When we apply but
one test there are possibilities of mistake.
This is se1f--evident and manifest.
We will now consider the subject of "Love"
which has been suggested, submitting it to the
four standards of judgment and thereby reach-
ing our conclusions.
We declare that love is the cause of the
existence of all phenomena and that the ab-
sence of love is the cause of disintegration
or non-existence. Love is the conscious be-
stowal of God,--the bond of affiliation in all
phenomena. We will first consider the proof
of this through sense-perception. As we look
upon the universe we observe that all com-
posite beings or existing phenomena are made
up primarily of single elements bound together
by a power of attraction. Through this power
of attraction, cohesion has become manifest
between the atoms of these composing ele-
ments. The resultant being is a phenomenon of
the lower contingent type. The power of co-
hesion expressed in the mineral kingdom is in
reality love or affinity manifested in a low
degree according to the exigencies of the min-
eral world. ,We take a step higher into the
vegetable kingdom where we find an increased
power of attraction has become manifest
among the composing elements which form
phenomena. Through this degree of attrac-
tion a cellular admixture is produced among
these elements which make up the body of a
plant. Therefore in the degree of the vege-
table kingdom there is love. We enter the
animal kingdom and find the attractive power
6 STAR OF THE WEST
binding together single elements as in the
mineral, plus the cellular admixture as in the
vegetable, plus the phenomena of feelings or
susceptibilities. We observe that the animals
are susceptible to certain affiliation and fellow-
ship, and that they exercise natural selection.
This elemental attraction, this admixture and
selective affinity is love manifest in the degree
of the animal kingdom.
Finally we come to the kingdom of man. As
this is the Superior Kingdom, the light of love
is more resplendent. In man we find the
power of attraction among the elements which
compose his material body, plus the attraction
which produces cellular admixture or power
augmentative, plus the attraction which charac-
terizes the sensibilities of the animal kingdom,
but still beyond and above all these lower
powers we discover in the being of man the
attraction of heart, the susceptibilities and
affinities which bind men together, enabling
them to live and associate in friendship and
solidarity. It is therefore evident that in the
world of humanity, the greatest king and
sovereign is Love. If love were extinguished,
the power of attraction dispelled, the affinity
of human hearts destroyed, the phenomena of
human life would disappear.
This is a proof perceptible to the senses,
acceptable to reason, in accord with traditions
and teachings of the holy books and verified
by the promptings of human hearts themselves.
It is a proof upon which we can absolutely rely
and declare to be complete.
But these are only degrees of love which
exist in the natural or physical World. Their
manifestation is ever according to the require-
ment of natural conditions and standards.
Real Love is the Love which exists between
God and His servants,--the Love which binds
together holy souls. This is the Love of the
spiritual world, not the love of physical bodies
and organisms. For example, consider and
observe how the Bestowals of God successively
descend upon mankind; how the Divine EfEul-
gences ever shine upon the human world!
There can be no doubt that these Bestowals,
these Bounties, these Effulgences emanate from
Love. Unless Love be the Divine motive, it
would be impossible for the heart of man to
attain or receive them. Unless Love exists
the Divine blessing could not descend upon
any object or thing. Unless there be Love
the recipient of Divine Eifulgence could not
radiate and reflect that Effulgence upon other
objects. If we are of those who perceive we
realize that the Bounties of God manifest

