STAR OF THE WEST 7
On motion b-y Mr. Ob-er, seconded by Mr.
Mills, the Secretary was instructed to send let-
ters to the Assemblies telling of the dedication
of the site and visit to the grounds of the
Mashrak-el-Azkar, by Abdul-Baha; also to
ALBERT H. HALL, President.
send to them copies of his address delivered on
the grounds.
Thus adjourned the Fourth Annual Conven-
tion of Bahai Temple Unity.
Respectfully submitted,
BERNARD M. JACOBSEN, Secretary.
 
ADDRESS DELIVERED BY ABDUL-BAHA AT WASHINGTON, D. C.
AT THE HOME or MR. AND MRS. PARSONS, APRIL 25th, 1912.*
People of the earth! Advance toward Him who hath advanced toward you, for verily
He is the Face of God among you; His Evidence is in your midst and His Proof unto
you, and He hath come to you with Signs (the Word), the like of which the most learned
have failed to produce. The Tree of Mount Sinai (Moses), speaketh in the bosom of the
world, and the Holy Spirit (Christ) crieth among the nations: 'Lo! The Desired One hath
come with evident Dominion.' "--Tablet to Napoleon 

the World of existence the greatest be-
I stowals of God are His Teachings. The
other Bounties of God are limited as re-
gards their benefits. For example, the human
existence itself is a Divine Bestowal, but it is
limited. Sight is a Bestowal of God, but it is
limited. Hearing is one of the Divine Bestow-
als, yet it is limited. And so on with all the
other bestowals. The circle is limited; ex-
cept the Divine Teachings, the circle of which
is boundless. There is no termination thereof.
Ages and centuries pass away, and the efficacy
of these Teachings lasts, like unto the spirit
of life which animates the world of existence.
Without that, the world of humanity is like
the animal kingdom. What difference is there
between the animal and man? The difference
between the animal and the man is this: That
the animal is not capable of appreciating
the Teachings of God, whereas man is worthy
of these Teachings. In the animal kingdom,
there is no such teaching. There is no extra-
ordinary progress. At most it is a develop-
ment of the organism. It is small in the begin-
ning; it becomes developed and becomes
larger; but it has not the intellectual sphere
to enlarge. Therefore the Teachings of God
are the bestowals specialized for man. Al-
though the Teachings of God are Reality, yet
with the passage of time and the lapse of ages,
thick clouds envelop that Sun. These clouds
are imitations or superstitions; they are not the
fundamentals. Then again the Power of the
Sun of Truth arises and disperses these clouds
*Translated by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed and taken
stenographically by Joseph H. Hannen.
and once more shines gloriously. For a long
time the Sun of Truth was beclouded by clouds
of superstition and limitations, until His Holi-
ness appeared in the world, and
scattered these clouds of darkness and revealed
the foundations of the Teachings of God.
The first Teaching of is the
duty incumbent upon all to investigate Reality.
What does it mean to investigate Reality? It
means that man must forget all hearsay.
For he does not know whether the hearsay is
in accordance with Reality or not. He must
examine Truth. Wherever he finds the Truth
or Reality he must hold to it. All else he must
forsake, for outside of Reality there is naught
but superstitions and imaginations! For ex-
ample, during the days of Jesus Christ the
Jews were anticipating the appearance of the
Messiah, and they were day and night praying
and supplicating God that His Holiness the
Promised One might appear. Why was it that
when He did appear they rejected Him? They
negated Him? They did not believe in Him?
Nay, rather, they persecuted and tormented
Him There was no torment which they did not
inflict upon Him! They cursed Him, persecuted
Him, placed on His head a crown of thorns
and took Him around thro-ugh the streets, cir-
cumam-bulated Him, scorning Him, and ulti-
mately crucified Him! Why did they commit
this? Because they did not investigate the Truth
or Reality. Had they investgated the Reality,
they would have surely believed on Him. They
would have respected Him, revered Him most
highly. They would have considered His M'ani-
festation as the greatest Bestowal descending

