10 STAR OF
the Center of His Covenant, the establisher and
promoter of His Kingdom and Peace in the
world.
Abdul-Baha's life of service is the Center
of the life of the Kingdom which is the
Bahai cause. His servitude to God and serv-
ice to mankind is the heart from which the life
THE WEST
force of the Kingdom is flowing to all the
members of that growing spiritual body. He is
the interpreter and the expounder of Holy
Writ. commanded all to turn to
Abdul-Baha, who is the Greatest 
branched from the Pre-existent R0ot--the
Center of the Covenant of God.
 
ADDRESSES DELIVERED BY ABDUL-BAI-IA IN NEW YORK CITY AND VICINITY.
(Continued from page five)
glorification of humanity, the impulse of true
civilization, the stimulus to inventive genius
and the means of attainment to the good-
pleasure of God, we must agree to adhere to it
and establish it permanently."
H. M. "There is much newspaper talk about
the United States fighting Japan. There is no
prospect of it whatever. We don't want to
kill good customers. Commercial energy is
more profitable to us. Competition of com-
merce is as severe, trying and as cruel as wars
of olden time. Science has made war ex-
pensive; so expensive it don't pay to fight. We
make more money by being peaceful, so long
as the other fellow keeps quiet and sticks to
business. If an English navy came over here
and bombarded New York a week they would
injure themselves more than us. The expense
of ammunition and equipment would cost a
great deal more than the damage inflicted by
their guns and shells. You are right in advo-
cating peace. I am an advocate of peace from
another standpoint. I would make war so ex-
pensive that the nations could not afford to
fight and therefore would agree to maintain
peace."
A. B. "The product of human invention,
genius and the outcome of human disposition
to kill and fight have well-nigh reached their
limit. It seems as if the art of war could not
be carried further. In ancient times when na-
tion fought against nation, probably one thou-
sand would be killed in battle, the expense
would not be great, the outcome of victory
decisive and final; but in modern times the
science of war has reached such a stage of per-
fection that in twenty-four hours one--hun-
dred-thousand could be sacrificed, great navies
sent to the bottom of the sea, great cities de-
stroyed in a few hours. The possibilities are
incalculable, inconceivable, the after effects
even more dreadful than the initial shock. In
Egypt, the fellaheen who till the Nile banks,
gather four or five harvests from the soil. Sup-
pose they are called away from their peaceful
pursuits, take up arms, expend their posses-
sions for powder and go to war. The first
consequences are grievous enough, but the
after-results are even more deplorable. The
country suffers beyond all power of estima-
tion; agriculture is crippled, abandoned, sus-
tenance fails, poverty and suffering continue
long afterward. Furthermore, how many wars
there have been in the Orient during past cen-
turies; war and peace in constant succession;
but your country America remained unaffected
by them or their consequences. The news of
war might reach Europe and America long
after it had happened. But all this is changed
in the present century. As soon as war is de-
clared in any part of the world, all human
attention is directed toward it; commerce and
the machinery of nations are paralyzed; the
whole world thrown into a condition of grave
uncertainty. Therefore it is evident that the
time has come to end war and establish peace.
This is an exigency and requirement of the
present century."
H. M. "Fewer are killed in modern engage-
ments than in the battles of ancient times; the
range is longer and the action less deadly."
A. B. "How about the war between japan
and Russia?"
H. M. "Less men are killed in war in a
year now than are killed by our industries
through preventable accidents."
A. B. "War is the most preventable acci-
dent."
H. M. "The short sword was more deadly in
battle than the quick-firing gun, for tl1e reason
that massed men come together in hand--to--
hand conflict and the slaughter was fearful.
At Mukden two-hundred and fifty-thousand
soldiers retreated without loss. In ancient
times many thousands would have been over-
taken and killed. War is no more dangerous
now than automobiling."
A. B. "History shows that in war between

