STAR OF THE WEST 13
vices were replaced by virtues until they
reached such a zenith that the Solomonic
Sovereignty Was made possible, and the fame
of their glory reached the East and the West.
Hence it is evident that His Holiness Moses
was a Divine Shepherd for He united the
scattered tribes of Israel and gathered them
together.
When the Messianic Star dawned, He de-
clared, shall gather together the scattered
tribes or flocks of Moses." He not only
united the flock of Israel, nay rather, He was
confirmed in bringing together the Chaldeans,
Egyptians, Syrians, Ancient Assyrians and
Phoenicians. These people were in a state of
the utmost rancor; they were thirsty for the
blood of each other; attacking one another with
the ferocity of animals. But His Holiness Iesus
Christ united them, assembled and cemented
them together, established a bond of love
among them so that strife, rancor and Warfare
were banished. Therefore it is evident that
the Divine' religions are meant to create a bond
of love among humanity, and to bind the peo-
ple together for no other purpose than amity.
Divine religion is not a cause for discord and
disagreement. If religion be the cause of dis-
cord and difference, then no religion is prefer-
able, for religion is meant to be life to the
body politic. If it be the cause of death to
humanity, then its non-existence is preferable.
Therefore, in this day religion is to be sought,
for religion and religious teachings may well
be likened to remedies. If a remedy be pro-
ductive of worse the lack or
absence of the remedy is preferable.
At a time when the Arabian tribes and
nomadic people were in the utmost state of
division, thirsty for the blood of each other,
living in the deserts under lawless conditions,
strife rampant among them, not a single soul
enjoying composure, no tribe at ease;-at such
a critical time Mohammed appeared. He
gathered them together and reconciled them
toward each other, united and caused them to
agree, so that no strife and warfare remained.
The Arabian nation immediately advanced un-
til their sovereignty progressed and extended
as far west as Spain and Andalusia. From these
premises we may conclude that the foundation
of the Divine religions is for peace and not for
strife, warfare and shedding of blood. Inas-
much as the foundation of the religions of
God is one Reality which is love and amity,
these warfares and dissensions are caused by
imitations which creep in afterwards. Re-
ligion is a Reality, and Reality is One. The
fundamentals of the religions of God are one
in Reality. There is no difference in the
fundamentals. The difference is caused by the
imitations which arise later, and inasmuch as
imitations differ, strife, discord and quarreling
take place. If the religions of this time should
forsake imitations and seek the fundamentals,
all of them would agree and strife and dis-
cord would pass away. For Reality is One
and not multiple.
As to racial wars, these are caused by purely
imaginary racial differences. For humanity is
one in kind, it is one race, it is one progeny,
inhabiting the same globe, and in the original
genesis no difference obtains. God has created
all humanity. God has not originally created
Frenchmen, Englishmen, Americans, Germans,
Italians or Spaniards. There is no difference
as regards creation and kind; all belong to one
household; all are the leaves of one tree; all
are the fruits of one tree; all are the flowers
of the same garden; all are the waves of the
same sea.
Let us glance at the animal kingdom. We
find the animals do not observe any distinc-
tion. If you gather together the sheep of the
East and those of the West, they would mix
quite harmoniously. The Oriental sheep would
not look surprised and strange saying, "You
belong to the Occident; whereas I belong to
the Orient." They would live together in the
utmost accord. They would gather together
and enjoy the same pasture. There is no
racial difference among them. If the birds of
the East and the birds of the West were to-
gether, they would be found in a state of the
utmost unity and amity. There would not be
any distinctions observed. We find virtues in
the animal. ls it becoming of man to be de-
prived of those virtues? The animal does not
observe those imaginary distinctions. Is it be-
coming for man to observe them? Man is
reasonable, has the manifestation of the Divine
bestow-als, the perceptive faculty, adoration,
memory; and with all these Divine bestowals,
shall he allow these racial ideas to change
him saying, am a German"; another,
am a Frenchman a third, am an Eng-
lishman"? Through these superstitions shall
he wage war? Is this becoming? God for-
bid! It is 11ot at all. If the animal does not
condescend to observe such lowering thoughts,
shall man be willing to stoop to this level?
Why should he fetter himself with such
groundless imaginations and superstitions.
They are purely imaginary.
As to war which has been caused by nativ-

