STAR OF THE WEST 19
ADDRESSES DELIVERED BY ABDUL-BAHA IN NEW YORK CITY AND VICINITY.
(Continued from page fifteen)
father so beneficent to his children. Consider
how He nurtures all. According to His mer-
ciful attributes He provides fully and amply
for all, and if any of His creatures, any soul
sins, He does not suspend His bounty. All
created things are perceptible manifestations
of His Fatherhood, mercy and heavenly be-
stowals. Likewise human brotherhood is as
clear and evident as the sun. There is a fra-
ternity among mankind because We are all the
servants of one God. There is brotherhood
among mankind because all are submerged in
the sea of His mercy. There is brotherhood
among mankind because all belong to human
kind. There is brotherhood among mankind
because all inhabit the same globe. There is
brotherhood among mankind because all are
sheltered beneath the overshadowing dome
of heaven. There is brotherhood among man-
kind because mutual helpfulness and co-opera-
tion are the two necessary principles under-
lying human welfare. This is the physical
brotherhood as regards humanity. But there is
a brotherhood greater and superior to all other
brotherhoods, and that is the spiritual brother-
hood, the heavenly brotherh0od--the brother-
hood of the breaths of the Holy Spirit--the
brotherhood of the effulgence of the merciful
attributes--the brotherhood founded upon spir-
itual susceptibilities. This brotherhood is es-
tablished by the Manifestations of the Holy
One.
From the day of Adam down to this pres-
ent time every one of the Holy, Sacred Mani-
festations who have appeared have founded
this spiritual brotherhood. They have striven
to unite humanity to such a degree that all may
be accounted as one soul. Consider that the
purpose or function of the shepherd is to
gather together the sheep and not to disperse
the flock. The more capable the shepherd, the
greater is his power to gather together and
unite the flock. The purport is this: that the
Prophets of God, the Manifestations, have all
been Shepherds, and they have gathered to-
gether the divine sheep. They have estab-
lished a bond for the unity of mankind. They
have established love among humanity. They
have made scattered peoples one nation; wan-
dering tribes as one strong people. They have
laid the foundation of the Unity of God, and
summoned all to universal peace. All these
Holy, Divine Manifestations are One. They
have served one God; they have promulgated
the same truths; they have laid the same in-
stitutions; they have reflected the same light;
they have all been linked together; each one
has praised the other; each one announced the
glad tidings of the one who was to appear
afterward, and all laid the foundation of
Reality. They all summoned and invited the
people to love, and all have made the human
world a mirror to reveal the Word of God.
These divine religions have one basis for their
foundation; their teachings are one; their
proof is one; their evidences are one: nom-
inally they differ, but in Reality they are one.
Consider how these Holy Manifestations have
been as spring seasons. Although the spring-
time of this year has another name, a dis-
tinct name (for example we say "this belongs
to the calendar of 1912"), yet this spring is pre-
cisely the same as the spring of last year if
we observe it as regards its phenomena. If
we look at it from the standpoint of re-
creation, this spring is the same as that of the
year past, for its foundation is one, its effects
are one, its bestowals are one, its perfections
are one, its vivification is one; but as regards
names springtimes are multitudinous. This is
the spring season of the year last year's
was that of 1911; the year previous was 1910.
Therefore as regards names they differ, but
as regards reality this spring as precisely that
of the year past. The sun is one but the dawn-
ing points of the sun are numerous. The ocean
is a body of water, though there are various
seas. There is the Atlantic Ocean; there is
the Mediterranean Sea; there are Eastern
seas and Western seas, but they are all one
water. If we consider the names, we call this
the White Sea, the other the Red Sea, or the
Black Sea, or this is the Ocean, but when we
regard all concerning the water, they are all
the same. Likewise the Divine Religions of the
Holy Manifestations of God are in reality
one, though in name and nomenclature they
differ. Man must be a lover of the light, no
matter from what day-spring it may appear.
Man must be a lover of the rose, no matter
in what soil it may grow. Man must be a
seeker of the truth, no matter from what
source it may come. Attachment to the lan-
tern--to the not loving the light. At-
tachment to the earth is not befitting, but
attachment to the rose which grows out of
the soil is worthy. Attachment to the tree is
profitless, but attachment to the fruit is to be

