instinct. It cannot abstractly reason out any-
thing. The animal cannot conceive of the
earth being spherical or revolving upon its
axis. It cannot apprehend that the little stars
in the heavens are tremendous worlds vastly
greater than the earth. The animal cannot
abstractly conceive of intellect. Of these
powers it is bereft. Therefore these powers
are peculiar to man and it is made evident
that in the human kingdom there is a reality
of which the animal is minus. What is that
reality? It is the spirit of man. By it man is
distinguished above all the other phenomenal
kingdoms. Although he possesses all the vir-
tues of the lower kingdoms he is further en-
dowed with the spiritual faculty, the heavenly
gift of consciousness.
All material phenomena are subject to na-
ture. All material organisms are captives of
nature. None of them can deviate a hair's
breadth from the law of nature. This earth,
these great mountains, the animals with their
Wonderful powers and instincts, cannot go be-
yond natural limitations. All things are cap-
tives of nature except man. Man is the sover-
eign of nature; he breaks nature's laws.
Though an animal fitted by nature to live upon
the surface of the earth he flies in the air
like a bird, sails upon the ocean and dives
deep beneath its waves in submarines. Man is
gifted with a power whereby he penetrates
and discovers the laws of them
forth from the world of invisibility into the
plane of visibility. Electricity was once a
latent force of nature. According to nature's
laws it should remain a hidden secret, but
the spirit of man discovered it, brought it
forth from its secret depository and made its
phenomena visible. It is evident and manifest
that man is capable of breaking nature's laws.
How does he accomplish it? Through ,a spirit
with which God has endowed him at creation.
This is a proof that the spirit of man differen-
tiates and distinguishes him above all the lower
kingdoms. It is this spirit to which theiverse
in the Old Testament refers when it states
that man has been created "after the image and
likeness of God." The spirit of man alone
penetrates the realities of God and partakes
of the Divine Bounties.
This great power must evidently be differ-
entiated from the physical body or temple in
which it is manifested. Observe and under-
stand how this human body changes; never-
theless the spirit of man remains ever in the
same condition. For instance, the body some-
times grows weak, it becomes strong or stout,
8 STAR OF THE WEST
sometimes it grows smaller or may be dis-
membered, but there is no effect upon the
spirit. The may become blind, the foot
may be amputated, but no imperfection afflicts
the spirit. This is proof that the spirit of
man is distinct from his body. Defects in the
body or its members do not imply defects in
the spirit. This leads to the accurate conclu-
sion that if the whole body should be sub-
jected to a radical change the spirit will sur-
vive that change; that even if the body of man
is destroyed and becomes non-existent, the
spirit of man remains unaffected. For the
spirit of man is everlasting. Sometimes the
body sleeps,--the eyes do not see, the ears
do not hear, the members cease to act,--every
function is as inactive as death, nevertheless
the spirit sees, hears, and soars on high. For
it is possessed of these faculties which operate
without the instrumentality of the body. In
the World of thought it sees without eyes,
hears without ears and travels without the
motion of foot. Without physical force it
exercises every function. This makes it evi-
dent that during sleep the spirit is alive though
the body is as dead. In the World of dreams
the body becomes absolutely passive but the
spirit functions actively, possessed of all sus-
ceptibilities. This leads to the conclusion that
the life of the spirit is not conditional nor
dependent upon the life of the body. At most
it can be said that the body is a mere garment
utilized by the spirit. If that garment be
destroyed, the wearer is not affected, but is in
fact protected.
Furthermore, all phenomena are subject to
changes from one condition to another, and
the revolution caused by this transformation
produces a form of non--existence. For in-
stance, when a man is transformed from the
human kingdom to the mineral, we say that
he is dead, for he has relinquished the physical
form of man and assumed the condition of the
mineral substances. This transformation or
transmutation is called death. Therefore it fol-
lows that no phenomenal organism can be pos-
sessed of two forms at the same time. If an ob-
ject or phenomenon presents a triangular shape
it cannot simultaneously possess the shape of a
square. If it be spherical it cannot at the same
time be pentagonal or hexagonal. In order
to assume any given figure or form it must
relinquish its former shape or dimension. Thus
the triangular must be abandoned to assume
the square; the square must change to become
a pentagon. These transformations or changes
from one condition to another are equivalent

