STAR OF THE WEST 21
of the Holy Bible; therefore they denied His
Holiness the Messiah. The purpose of the
Prophets was not the outward or literal mean-
ing but the meaning embodied in symbols.
They spoke in symbology. For example, they
mentioned that the Messiah was to come from
an unknown place. That did not refer to the
body of Jesus. It had reference to the Reality
of the Christ, that is to say the Christ Reality
was to come from the invisible realm, for the
Christ Reality is sanctified above place.
Second--That His sword was to be an iron
sword signified His tongue, which tongue
should separate the true from the false, and
through that great sword He would conquer
the realms of hearts. He did not conquer
through an iron rod; He conquered the East
and the West through the sword of His
tongue.
'l'hird--He was seated upon the throne of
David, but His sovereignty was not a Napo-
leonic sovereignty; it was not a Pharaohic
sovereignty. The Christ dominion was an
eternal and everlasting sovereignty to which
there is no end.
Fourth--By His promulgating the laws of
the Bible the Reality of the laws of Moses
was meant. These laws are the very founda-
tion o'f the Reality of Christianity. There is
no difference whatever between them, and He
did promulgate them.
did conquer and subdue the East
and the West. That conquest was effected
through the breaths of the Holy Spirit. He
eliminated the boundaries of East and West.
Seventh--In His 'day, according to prophecy
the wolf and the lamb were to quaff from
the same fountain. This was realized. The
fountain referred to was the Gospel from
which the water of life gushes forth. The
wolf and lamb are opposing inimical and di-
vergent races symbolized as these animals.
Their meeting was impossible, but having be-
come believers in Jesus Christ, those who were
formerly as wolves and lambs were united
through the words of the Gospel. The purport
is that all the meanings of the prophecies were
fulfilled, but because the Jews were captives
of ancestral imitations and did not realize
the meanings and realities of" these words they
denied His Holiness Christ; nay they even
went so far as to crucify Him. Consider how
harmful is imitation. These were imitations
handed down from their fathers and ancestors,
and because they held to them they were thus
deprived.
It is evident then that we must forsake all
these imitations so that like the Jews we
may not commit the same error. We must
investigate the Reality. We must lay aside
selfish purposes. We must banish hearsays
from our minds and investigate realities. The
Jews consider His Holiness Christ the enemy
of Moses whereas His Holiness Christ pro-
moted the Word of Moses. He spread the
name of Moses throughout the Orient and
Occident. He promulgated the Book of
Moses. Were it not for His Holiness Jesus
Christ you would not have heard the name of
Moses. Had it not been for the Manifestation
of the Messiahship of His Holiness Jesus
Christ we would not have received the Old
Testament so universally. The fact is that
His Holiness Jesus Christ fulfilled the Mosaic
law and in every Way upheld Moses. But
the Jews because of blind imitations consider
His Holiness Christ the enemy of Moses.
Among the contemporaneous religions is
Mohammedanism. About three hundred mil-
lion people follow that religion. From olden
times until today there has been enmity and
strife between the Mohammedans and the
Christians. This is due.to misunderstanding
between these two great religions. VVere imi-
tations to be forgotten there would be no
enmity whatever and they would live to-
gether in the utmost of fellowship.
I wish now to call your closest attention
to a most important point: All Islam con-
siders the Koran the Word of God. In this
Koran are explicit texts which are not tradi-
tional. The Koran, the Mohammedan Bible,
contains explicit texts that His Holiness Christ
was the Word of God, that He was the Spirit
of God, that Jesus Christ came into this world
through the resuscitation of the Holy Spirit,
that His birth was through the Holy Spirit
and that Her Grace Mary was holy and
sanctified. In the Koran a whole chapter is
devoted to the story of Jesus Christ and it
is recorded that in the time of youth He
adored God in the temple at Jerusalem; that
manna descended from heaven for Him, and
that His Holiness uttered words immediately
after His birth. In brief, in the Koran there
is eulogy and commendation regarding Christ
such as you do not find in the Gospel. The
Gospel does not record that the child Jesus
spoke at birth. It is not stated in the Gospel
that God caused sustenance to descend from
heaven for the Christ babe, but in the Koran
it is repeatedly stated that God sent down
manna day by day as food for the child. Mar-
velous to relate when His Holiness Moham-

