and out of their own willing hearts should
they uplift them, they should not be forced.
There must be a readjustment and legislation
which shall equalize conditions until human-
kind may have composure and rest with the
utmost ease.
The fifth principal is the following: That
religious prejudice, sectarian prejudice, racial
prejudice, patriotic prejudice, and political
prejudice are the very destroyers of human
foundations. All the religionists are servants
of God. All races are human in kind. The
service of the earth is one activity, In this
case, why should there be warfare and strife?
All must be united and agreed, and all must
serve the world of humanity.
The sixth is that concerning the equality
of man and woman. declares
that man and woman are both human, and
that in the estimation" of God there is no dis-
tinction of gender. "The one whose heart is
purer, whose deeds are greater and nobler,
is the most acceptable, whether male or fe-
male. Secondly, there is this gender in all
created beings. In the vegetable kingdom we
find it, in the animal kingdom it exists, and
there we see perfect equality, no distinction
Whatever. The animal, although not~reas0n-
able, does not allow any distinction between
the male and the female, Why should man,
who has reason, who has intelligence, who is
just, who has sensibilities>> of the conscience, be
willing that one of>> the memlbers of the
world of humanity should be considered im-
perfect? Surely no sound intelligence and
conscience will accept>> this. Therefore woman-
kind must be -educated in order to fulfill the
prerogatives of the male.
There must be no difference between the
female and the male. They' must be equally
educated in order that Womankind may pre-
sent the same capacity and may keep up the
same pace with man. Then the world of hu-
manity Will find peace. In the past~ages hu-
manity has always been defective, but if wo-
mankind shall become educated then war will
be dispelled. They will not be willing to allow
warfare. For it is the woman who cares for
the youth, for the young. As they educate
the young until they reach maturity, they will
not.be willing to have their brave young men
killed and cut into piece$ on the battlefield.
Surely they are the -ones who shall serve
the "Most Great Peace" in international arbi-
tration. Assuredly they will be the -ones who
4 STAR OF THE WEST
will remove warfare from among humankind,
Inasmuch as human society -consists of two
organs, one the male, the other the female, the
happiness' of the World of humanity cannot be
assured unless they are both perfect. There-
fore they must try to have womankind reach
the same status as men.
Among the other teachings of 
is education. All the members of society
must be educated. Not a single individual
should be deprived of education, but each
should receive according to his capacity. They
must not be left in the grade of ignorance, for
ignorance is a defect in the human world. All
mankind must have a portion of science and
philosophy; that is, to have as much as is neces-
sary. It is impossible to have all men scientists
and philosophers, but each should be educated
according to his deserts and needs.
Among the teachings of is
likewise the following: That the world of
humanity is in need of the breath of the Ho-ly
Spirit, for the oneness of humanity is
necessary. The most great peace is neces-
sary, and it is self-.evident that this can-
not -be assured through racial force; it can-
not be promulgated through the patriotic
force, for countries differ. And it is certain
that political force will not accomplish it,
for the interests of the government differ.
And it will not be accomplished through a
consensus o-f opinion, for opinions differ.
There is need of a force which can execute
the oneness of humanity and which can de-
stroy the foundations of warfare and strife.
Through human agencies this is an impossi-
bli'l.ity. Hence it must be through spiritual
agencies. And no other force has such power
as the Holy spirit, hence this can be made feas-
ible through the breath of the Holy Spirit.
No matter how far the material World ad-
vances, it cannot establish the happiness of
the human world. Rather when the material
civilization shall be linked with the spiritual
or divine civilization, then happiness will be as-
sured. Then material civilization will not con-
tribute its services to the forces of evil to de-
stroy the oneness of humanity, for through the
factors of the material civilization good and
evil advance up the same pace.
For example, consider how greatly material
civilization has advanced in the last decade,
in this century. Consider how many schools
and- have been founded, hospitals
have been founded, asylums for the orphans
(Continued on page eight)

