14 STAR OF
ity;--the idea that this is an Eastern nativity,
the other is a Western, this is Northern and
that is Southern; this is likewise purely im-
aginary. The globe of this earth is one globe,
and it is the nativity of all humanity; there-
fore, the human race should not observe any
of these distinctions which are conducive to
War. We have come from the East. Praise
be to God! we find the' American continent
prosperous, its climate most delightful, its
weather salubrious, the inhabitants possessed
of courteous manners and the United States
government a fair government. Is it becoming
for us to entertain anything but love for them,
saying, "This land does not belong to us, this
is not our nativity and because it is not our
nativity it shall not be acceptable." This would
be utter ignorance to which man must not
condescend. Man must investigate realities
and the reality is this: that all humanity is
one in kind, that this earth is one globe and
therefore one home. Hence it is proved that
the factors and causes of warfare are entirely
false. Grant this.
Consider what is taking place in Tripoli.
How many of the poor are being killed, how
much blood of the oppressed is shed upon both
sides! How many children become fatherless;
how many fathers lose their sons; how many
mothers bemoan the loss of their dear ones!
And what is the result after all Is
it just, is it becoming for man to be so blood-
thirsty-P Consider how domestic animals never
cause animosity; that is an attribute of the
ferocious animals. For example, if you gather
together a flock of one thousand sheep they
do not cause the shedding of blood. If you
bring together many flocks of birds, no war
takes place. But when wolves, dogs and lions
meet, they fight. Even these ferocious animals
are ferocious because of their necessary food;
they are in need of ferocity. Without feroc-
ity they will be bereft of food. But man does
not need to exercise that sort of ferocity; his
livelihood is made possible otherwise. Out of
greed, enmity and self-glory, the blood of the
oppressed is spilt. The great ones among the
nations rest and enjoy luxuries in their
palaces, but send the poor common people to
the battlefield. They offer them as targets be-
fore the cannons. Every day they invent new in-
struments of destruction to destroy more fully
the foundations of the human race. They are
absolutely merciless toward their kind--toWard
these mothers who have so tenderly cared for
their sons. How many nights have these mothers
spent sleepless; how many days have they la-
THE WEST
bored from morning until evening nurturing
their children until they reach maturity! How
many of their kith and kin do these warring
ones allow to be torn asunder in one day! What
savagery! What ignorance! What greed! What
enmity! What degradation, which even the
ferocious animals do not understand! For the
ferocious animal may tear to pieces one in a
single day; the wolf, for instance, may carry
away one sheep, but some unjust man kills
one hundred thousand of his kind in a day,
and glories i11 it, saying: am a great gen-
eral I am a great commander-in-chief, for in
one day Ihave done away with one hundred
thousand of my kind!" Consider how ignorant
the human race is. If a man kills another
ma11,--one single soul,--no matter what the
cause may be,--he is at once pronounced a
murderer, meets with capital punishment, or
is put in prison for life. But the man who
kills one hundred thousand of his kind is
called a "Conqueror," a "Hero," a "Great Gen-
eral." If a man should commit the theft of
one dollar he is called a thief and sent to the
penitentiary; but if a general should pillage a
whole country, they call him a great "Con-
queror" of the highest heroism. "This is a
hero!" "This is a conqueror of the world!"
I-Iow ignorant man is! How low!
In Persia, among the various nations and
peoples, religions and denominations there ex-
isted the greatest animosity, envy and hatred.
At that time all the other nations of Asia were
in the same condition. The religions were
hostile toward one another; the sects were at
enmity; the races were filled with hatred; the
tribes were constantly at war; at all times
strife, warfare and bloodshed prevailed.
Men shunned each other and were thirsty for
each others lives. They considered the great-
est glory for man was to be able to kill many
of his kind. Each religionist considered the
killing of one belonging to another religion
or denomination a great and praiseworthy
deed. At such a time as this His Holiness
appeared in Persia. He founded
the oneness of the world of humanity. He de-
clared that all humanity is the servant of God,
and that God is kind to all; that He created
all and provides for all; that He nurtures all;
therefore why should we be unkind? Inas-
much as God is kind and merciful to all His
creatures and manifests His care and good-
will to them in every way, why should we
show forth that which is contrary? Inasmuch
as God loves all, why should we entertain ani-
mosity or envy? For if God did not love all,

