4 STAR OF THE WEST
will be united and live as one family under
the flag oi unity and love. Then will mankind
be inspired with a new progress and show
forth diverse virtues. A new spirit will be
given to him and the new world will be in-
vested with a divine beauty. I hope we will
always be expecting the appearance of such an
One, for he will have education marked with
a divine power. Such an One will be super-
human in all conditions, able to subdue ma-
terial limitations, able to free man from his
bonds of country and unite east and west.
Such an One will make the Kingdom to ap-
pear, for such an One is, in his essence, su-
perior to the laws governing human education.
In his essence he is a universal teacher and
does not depend on human means for knowl-
edge. He does not need the light from a hu-
man lamp nor yet from an astral body. His
mission is to give light.
Such an One is a pure mirror in which the
Light oi Reality is reflected on the world of
humanity.
We must be looking for such an One to the
end that we may be attracted when he comes
to go on Wings flying to such an One, born
with a new spirit each day to do new works.
Thus We will invite this greatest of divine
blessings to appear.
Again let us look at Persia! More than
20,000 there have sacrificed their lives--joy-
fully giving them in the path of God. They
were supplemented by hosts of Heavenly
spirits so that they never tired of any kind of
trouble; they never complained; nay, as
trouble increased, their efiorts increased and
day by day they were enlightened with the
Light of the Eternal.
My hope for you is that you may do all in
your power to invite to this earth G0d's great-
est blessing in your search for truth.
 
ABDUL-BAHA ADDRESSES PEMBROKE CHAPEL.
Liverpool, England, Sunday, December 15, 1912.
Br ISABEL 
FTER a few appreciative words of wel-
A come by the Rev. Donald Fraser, Abdul-
Baha addressed the congregation at
Pembroke chapel, at the evening service,
December I5th. Mr. Fraser welcomed this her-
ald of peace and expressed his deep apprecia-
tion and honor at having Aclbul-Baha in his
church.
He made a remarkable picture as he stood
in the pulpit, which at first he hesitated to
ascend, saying that he did not like to be above
the rest of the people. But when it was
pointed out to him that he would not be
above some of gallery--and that
they could hear better, he complied. He said
in part:
"Tonight I am exceedingly happy to find
myself in an assembly, the members of which
are a recognized factor in philanthropy and
well being. Therefore, I supplicate at the
throne of God that He may bestow divine con-
firmations upon you that at all times you may
be the vehicle of divine mercy and the means
of prosperity to the individual members of the
world of humanity.
"Man should endeavor always to 'realize
the Oneness of Humanity. We are all the
children oi God; all created by God; all pro-
vided for by God and all under the protection
of God. God is kind to all His children. Why
should they wage war between themselves?
God is the Real are His sheep.
There is no difference whatever among the
members of the flock. He educates all oi us,
is compassionate to all of us; protects all of
us. Ponder and you will understand that
with the bounties of God there is no restraint.
His grace encompasses all mankind. All live
under His bounty.
"What benefit do we ever draw from sep-
arating ourselves one from another? Why
should we wrangle and battle to kill each
other? God is kind. Why are we unkind?
"The first separating principle is religion.
Every sect and community has gathered
around itself certain imitations of Reality in
ceremonies and forms, and as these imitations
differ, contentions follow. Each division is
encompassed with thick clouds through which
the Sun of Reality cannot penetrate. Ii these
divisions should forget the differences in imi-
tations and seek for the underlying Reality, all
would be united and agreed and fellowship
would be established between the organiza-
tions of mankind.
"As His Holiness Mohammed states, 'God is
Love upon Love, with Love.' Therefore it is
evident that the foundation of Religion is
Love and the fundamental purpose oi religion
is Unity. The Religion of God is honor to
humanity; why make it the cause of degra-

