STAR OF THE WEST 7
does not exist, and guidance and knowledge of
God no longer remain. All are submerged
in the sea of materialism. Although some
attend churches and temples for worship and
devotion, it is in accordance with the tra-
ditions and imitations of their fathers and not
for the investigation of Reality. For it is
evident they have not found the Reality and
are not engaged in Its adoration. They are
holding to certain imitations which have
descended to them from their fathers and
ancestors. They have become accustomed to
passing a certain length of time in temple
worship and conforming to imitations and
ceremonies. The proof of this is that the
son of every Jewish father becomes a Jew
and not a Christian; the son of every Mo-
hammedan becomes a follower of Islam; the
son of every Christian proves to be a Chris-
Lian the son of every Zoroastrian is a Zoroas-
trian, etc., etc. Therefore religious faith and
belief is merely a remnant of blind imitations
which have descended through fathers and
ancestors. Because this man's father was a
Jew, he considers himself a Jew; not that he
has investigated the Reality and proved satis-
factorily to himself that Judaism is right;
nay, rather he is aware that his forefathers
have followed this course, tlierefore he has
held to it himself.
The purpose of this is to explain that the
darkness of imitations encompasses the world.
Every nation is holding to its traditional
religious forms. The Light of Reality is ob-
scured. Were these various nations to in-
vestigate the Reality, there is not doubt they
would attain to It. As Reality is One, all na-
tions would then become as one nation. But
so long as they adhere to various imitations
and are deprived of the Reality, strife and
warfare still continue and rancor and sedition
prevail. But if they investigate the Reality,
neither enmity nor rancor will remain and
they will attain to the utmost concord among
themselves. i
During the years when the darkness of
heedlessness was most intense in the Orient
and the people were so submerged in i1nita-
tions that nations were thirsting for the blood
of each other, considering each other as con-
taminated and refusing to associate; at such
a time as this His Holiness ap-
peared. He arose in the Orient, uprooting
the very foundations of imitations and
brought the Dawn of the Light of Reality.
Various nations became united, because all
(Continued
desired the Reality. Inasmuch as they in-
vestigated the Reality in religion they found
that all men are the servants of God, all are
the posterity of Adam, all are children of one
household, and that the foundations of all the
Prophets are one. For inasmuch as the
teachings of the' Prophets are Reality, their
foundations are one. The enmity and strife
of nations therefore are due to religious imi-
tations and not to the Reality which underlies
the teachings of the Prophets. Through
the nations and peoples grew
to understand and comprehend this. There-
fore hearts became united and lives were ce-
mented together. After centuries of hatred
and bitterness the Christian, Jew, Zoroastrian,
Mohammedan and Buddhist arose for amity;
all of them in the' utmost love and unity. They
became welded and cemented because they
had all arrived at Reality.
The Divine Prophets are conjoined in the
utmost state of love. Each former one has
given the glad-tidings of His successor's com-
ing a11d each successor has sanctioned the
one who preceded Him. They were in the
utmost unity, but their nations are in strife.
For instance, Moses gave the message of the
glad-tidings of Christ and Christ confirmed
the Prophethood of Moses. Therefore be-
tween Moses and Jesus there is no variation
or conflict. They are in the utmost unity.
But between the Jew and the Christian there
is conflict. Now therefore if the Christian
and Jewish peoples investigate the Reality
underlying their Prophets' teachings they
will become kind in their attitude toward
each other and associate in the utmost love,
for Reality is one 'and not dual or multiple.
If this investigation of the Reality becomes
universal, all the divergent nations will ratify
all the Divine Prophets and 'all will confirm
all the Holy Books. No strife or rancor will
remain and all of us will become united.
Then will we a.ssociate together in the ut-
most love. We will become as fathers and
sons, as brothers and sisters living together
in the utmost unity, love and happiness, for
this century is the Century of Light. It is
not like former centuries. Former centuries
were epochs of oppression. Now human in-
tellects have developed and human intelli-
gence has increased. Each soul is investi-
gating the Reality. This is not a time when
we shall wage war and be hostile toward
each other. We are living at a time when
we should enjoy the utmost friendship.
page nine)

