STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity 0t're1igion shall cease and diiferences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away. and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Chicago (August 20, 1912) Kamal No. 9
ADDRESSES DELIVERED BY ABDUL-BAI-IA IN YORK CITY
AND VICINIT Y.
Compiled from stenographic notes and edited by Mr. Howard MacNutt.
Anonrss BY ABDUL-BAHA AT A GATHERING
or Bans: AT Home or Mas.
EMORY, 273 Vi/Est' oorn Sr., New Yoruc
CITY, THURSDAY EVENING, APRIL 18, I912.
Stenographic Notes by Miss Dixon.
ONIGHT I wish to tell you something
of the history of the Bahai Revelation.
The Blessed Perfection 
belonged to the royal family of Persia. From
His earliest childhood' He became distin-
guished among His relatives and friends.
"This child," they said, "has extraordinary
power." Not only in wisdom, but in the
realm of new knowledge He was superior to
His age and time. All were astonished.
Some remarked, "Such a precocious child will
not survive," for it has been believed that
children who are precocious cannot live very
long. Until the Blessed Perfection reached
the age of maturity He had not entered any
school. He was not willing to be taught by
any teacher. This fact is Well known among
the Persians of Tehcran. Nevertheless He
solved the difficult problems of all who came
and inquired. In short, whatever the meeting,
whether scientific gathering or theological dis-
cussion, He always explained the abstruse
problems presented to Him.
Until the father of passed
away He did not seek after position or polit-
ical station. All were surprised at this. Not-
withstanding His connection with the govern-
ment, He would not accept any position.
They is it that a young
man so intelligent, so keen, so perceptive, so
subtle, is not a candidate for lucrative appoint-
ments; as a matter of fact, every position is
open to Him." The people of Persia are wit-
nesses to this historical fact.
He was most generous; giving abun-
dantly to the poor. He did not refuse any
who asked Him. The doors of His house
were open to all. He always had many
guests. This generosity was conducive to
greater astonishment from the fact that He
did not seek position or prominence. In com-
menting upon this His friends said that all
His wealth would he given away, for His ex.-
penscs were many, while His wealth was
becoming limited. All were amazed at His
conduct and greatly astonished at His doings.
Some remarked, '"Why is He not thinking of
His own affairs?" Some who were wise de-
clared: "This Personage is connecied With
another world. He has something sublime
Within Him that is not evident now, but the
day will come when that shall be manifested."
In short, the Blessed Perfection was a refuge
for every weak one; a Shelter for every fear-
ing one; kind to every indigent one; most
lenient to all creatures.
He became well known in regard to these
qualities before His Holiness the Bab, ap-
peared. Then declared the 
Mission to be true and promulgated His
Teachings. The Bab stated that the greater
Manifestation would take place after him and
called that one, "Him whom God would mani-
that nine years afterwards the
reality of his own mission would become ap-
parent. In his writings he stated that in the
ninth year that promised One would be 
the ninth year they would attain unto
all good the ninth year they would attain
to all glory the ninth year they would
advance rapidly. Between and
the Bab there was communication privately.
The Bab Wrote a letter to Him in which the
name was incorporated 360
times. Then the Bab was martyred. And in
the ninth year later, in the City of Baghdad,
publicly announced Himself.
For the Government of Persia had decreed
that as long as remained in Per-
sia the country would not be in peace; when
was exiled from Persia, then Per-
sia would become quiet. On the contrary, when

