STAR OF THE WEST 9
so that the proofs of GOD, His evidences and
signs may not be void, the breeze of Devotion
and Sanctity may not be hushed, the door of
Faith and Assurance may not be closed and
that mankind may not be finally lost in bar-
barisin.
Furthermore, they understand that the
Prophets and 1/Iessengers have all declared
that at "the time of the end," a "child would
be born," a Form would appear Manifesting
completely the Qualities of Divinity; and this
mighty MANIFESTATION of Manifestations
Would be the recipient of the greatest Names
and Titles revealed in the Heavenly Scrip-
tures: of Kings," "Loan of Lords,"
"Wonderful," "Counsellor," "The Everlasting
"The Mighty (Rev. 1:13;
XIX :16; XXI 22; Isaiah IX All men are
commanded to turn their faces toward Hin1"'
for He is the "Dawning-place of Divinity," the
"Manifestation of Deity," the "Ultimate Goal,"
the "Adored One" of all, and the "\7Vo1-shipped
One" of a1l--in a word: IS 
otherwise, whatever flashes through the _mincl
is not that Essence of essences and Reality_ot
realities; nay, rather it is pure imagination
and returns to the realm of suppositions and
conjectures.
As the Bahais believe and declare that
this "Mighty and "Promised
has come in the Appearance of Baits'-
H-im be blessing, ho-nor, glory
and po-rarer fore-ver and they
adorn their books and epistles with holy utter-
ances, such as: "In the Name of GOD,
and similar phrases,
while Abdul-Baha adorns his Tablets with the
all inclusive declaration: IS GOD E"'i
CENTER OF THE 
As the twenty-sixth of l\loveinber is known
among the Bahais as the "Feast of the Ap-
pointment of the Center of the Covenant," the
STAR or THE Vifssr devotes this issue to a
presentation of the important question of the
CENTER or TI-IE COVENANT.
During Abdul-Baha's sojourn in America,
he awakened the friends to a realization of the
greatness of this matter and the necessity of
*M0notheisn1 (see Tablet of "The Branch,"
page 15).
people Worship an imagination, for they
have created a God in the realm of imagination
and him they worship. It you ask a soul, when
he is praying, 'Who are you, worshipping?' He
will say, 'God.' 'Which God?' 'The God of my
conception.' The truth is, what he imagines is
not GOD. Hence, all people are worshippers of
imaginations and ideals. Consequently, there is
no pathway for man except the Holy Manifesta-
tions, for the Essence of Divinity is pure, is holy,
and cannot be brought into the world of ideas.
That which can he brought to ideation are the
Holy and Divine Manifestations. Further than
this, man has no other point for concentration;
if he exceed that hound, it is an imagination.
Therefore. the purpose of the phrase IS GOD 
is this: The visible Majesty and Promisetl Beauty
of the Sun of Reality, the Manifestation of the
mystewles of Di-vi-ntty a-ml Deity, the Reveale-r of
the mysteries of the the of the
signs of Sin-gleness; and I begin wilth His Blessed
Nam 
understanding it and turning to the appointed
Center and i-en1ainir.g firm therein, saying 
Ire 1
foday, me most importa-wit afi"air is firnmess
The onenomf, because firwmess The
Covenant ward-s oft 
"In former cycles no distinct Covenant was
made in Writing by the Supreme Pen; no dis-
tinct personage was appointed to be the Stand-
ard differentiating falsehood from truth, so
that whatsoever he said was to stand as truth
and that which he repudiated was to be known
as falsehood. At most, His Holiness Jesus
Christ gave only an intimation, a symbol, and
that was but an indication of the solidity of
Pete1"s faith. \/Vhen he mentioned his faith,
His Holiness said, 'Thou art 
means rock--'and upon this rock will I build
my church.' This was a sanction of Petei-'s
faith; it was not indicative of his (Peter)
being the expounder of the Book, but was a
confirmation of Peter's faith.
"But in this Dispensation of the Blessed
Beauty among its distinctions
is that He did not leave people in perplexity.
He entered into a Covenant and Testament
with the people. He appointed a CENTER or
THE COVENANT. He wrote with His own pen
and revealed it in the the
Book of Laws, and Kitab-el-Ah'd, the Boink of
the Covenant, appointing him (Abdul-B-aha)
the Expounder of the Book. You must ask
him (Abdul-Baha) regarding the meanings of
the texts of the verses. _Wh_atsoever he says is
i;ori-ect. Outside of gins, in numerous Tab-
ets He has explicitly recorded
it, with cleai", sluffiglieifi, valifi and forcelfpl
statements. tie a et of HE BRANCH 
explicitly states: Whatsoezier THE BRANCH
says -is Tight, or correct,' cz-rid every person
must obey THE BRANCH with his life, with it-is
helm', with- his tongue. iris will, not
or word shall angvone utter. This is an explicit
text of the Blessed Beauty. S0 there is no
eiccuse left for anybody. No soul shall, of
anything V'v'hatsoever his
ahas tongue utters whatsoever his
pen records, that isbcorrect; hccording to the
explicit text of in the Tablet Of
THE BRANCH.
"His Holiness Abraham covenanted with re-
gard to 1\T0ses. His Holiness Moses was tl1e
Promised One of Abraham, and He, Moses,
coverianted with regard to His Holiness Christ,
saying that Christ was the Promised One. His
Holiness Christ covenanted with regard to His
Holiness 'The Paraclete,' which means His
Holiness Mohammed. His Holiness Mo-
hammed covenanted as regards The Bab,
whom He called, 'My Promised One,' His
Holiness The Bab, in all His books, in all His
epistles, explicitly covenanted with regard to
admonitions to the teacher:
"The eftect of the word spoken by the teacher de-
pends upon his purity of purpose and his sever-
ance" . . . "The words mu-st he according to wlz-at
has proceeded fro-m the of the Will of GOD
and is reoordetl in and His command to
turn to Abdul-Baha's interpretation thereof, also
recorded in Tablets, is what we understand by
these stateinents.--En1croas.

