6 STAR OF THE WEST
ment of individual, community or nation.
Furthermore, the Bahais consider it more
blessed and a greater privilege to bestow than
to gain and receive. They believe that bestow-
ing good upon another freely is the greatest
means of help to both. This is not the prin-
ciple and practice of their calumniators who
make even religion a source of livelihood.
According to Bahai principles justice and
equity in government are not to be attained by
force and rebellion against the existing order
of things.
The solution of economic questions for in-
stance will not be accomplished by array of
labor against capital and capital against labor
in strife and conflict, but by voluntary attitude
of sacrifice upon both sides. Then a real and
lasting justness of conditions will be brought
about. If a capitalist is forced to give up a
portion of his income and possessions there
will be no love in his heart; no permanent
benefit in his action. But if it be given in the
spirit of the Love of God, everything will be
accomplished. As it is now, the forces oi
labor strike and the capitalist retaliates. If
the latter should voluntarily add to the scale
of wages love is evident and the greatest good
results. Briefly;--an10ng the Bahais there are
no extortionate, mercenary and unjust prac-
tices, no rebellious demands, no revolutionary
uprisings against existing governments.
In Persia Bahai teachers never accept the
slightest coin for their Work. This is so
noticeably true that when such recompense is
refused it is customary to hear the statement
"These are Bahais." This is the strongest
proof of the Bahai principles and their power
of accomplishment. How different are the
methods and actions of the clergy and priest-
hood of Persia, whose demands upon the
property and possessions of the people are
equivalent to pillage and plunder. For in-
stance, when a man dies, the clergy takes
possession of one-third his goods and the
other two-thirds goes to his heirs. Then they
accuse the Bahais of doing this ;--~whereas, in
tact, the followers of are for-
bidden to accept anything whatever from
the p-roperty of others. The Bahais are ac-
customed to give rather than to receive.* For
*No-rn.--In conformity with this principle:
Before the departure of Abdul-Baha from the
Orient for his visit to this country, a large amount
of money contributed by friends here was for-
warded to him with the request that he accept
it toward defraying his expenses. He returned
the money with a blessing, asking the donors to
apply it to some philanthropic object. During his
stay in this country, his gifts to churches and
charity have been many and most generous in

instance, ten thousand dollars have been sent
to Chicago from the East toward the erec-
tion of the Mashrak-el-Azkar.
Rev. Bixby: Did not Professor Edward
Browne, of Cambridge University, England,
go to Akka and was he not received there
by 
A. B: Professor Browne visited the East,
interviewed various people and automatically
wrote down all he heard. Naturally when he
met the enemies of BAnA'o'r.i.An he heard
nothing favorable. Would you go to the
Vatican to hear praises of the Protestants?
Would you consult Iewish rabbis as to the
reality of Christ? In his first book, Professor
Browne praised but the sec-
ond account, in which he publishes the state-
ments of enemies, is the reverse. His books
do not agree.
Rev. Bixby: Is Professor Browne correct
in his statement that Abdul-Baha Wrote 
Traveler's Narrative"?
A. B.: The Writer of Traveler's Narra-
tive" was not one person. It contains a state-
ment of Bahai principles. If a book was to
be written setting forth the essence of Christi-
anity, a number of Christians would come to-
gether for that purpose.
Rev. Bixb-y: Is Traveler's Narrative"
substantially correct 
A. B.: It is an authority.
Rev. Bixby: What is understood to be
the relation between the manifestation in
and the manifestations in Moses,
Jesus and Others?
A. B.: It is one basis, one foundation. Abra-
ham proclaimed the Truth, Moses raised the
Standard of Truth. Jesus established the
Truth. Can we say that any one of them did
not found it? All the prophets have been
chosen by God to promulgate The 'Nerd.
There can be no multiplicity in the Truth itself.
The teachings of the Manifestations are of
two kinds ;--first, the 'Word of God in its
outer or material aspect the Word
of God in its spiritual or inner significance.
The first named is changeable; the second
unchangeable. The essential principle of their
teaching is spiritual. All the Prophets have
come to spread these principles. Each con-
firms the spiritual utterance of the former
and changes the material forms of teachings
and ceremonials. For instance, the Ten Com-
mandments revealed by Moses were applica-
ble to the time in which he appeared. They
were not applicable to the time of Jesus.
Therefore He abolished and superseded them.

