18 STAR OF
not ask for radiance for himself. All the
gifts of God must he seek for his brothers
and sisters. It is my hope that you may
become like this; that you may attain to the
great bestowal; that you may become imbued
with such spiritual qualities so as to forget
yourselves entirely, and with heart and soul
may you become sacrifices for the Blessed
Beauty. Of yourselves you should have no
will; of yourselves you should have no desire;
everything you should seek for the beloved
ones of God and together must you live in the
utmost state of love and amity. Thus may
the favors of the Blessed Beauty, 
encompass you from all directions. This is
the great bestowal! This is the greatest
THE WEST
bounty! These are the endless favors of
God!"
After the dinner, Abdul-Baha passed around
the great circular table and himself blessed
each guest, placing rose perfume upon their
foreheads.
In the evening a meeting was held on the
lawn of the Wilhelm home, Abdul-Baha speak-
ing from the veranda to some one hundred
and fifty Englewood guests, who were seated
in camp chairs. After this meeting questions
were answered while he walked up and down
the country road in front of the house. 
remained with the Wilhelm family until Sun-
day morning, when he left to fill an engage-
ment in another part of New Jersey.
ADDRESSES DELIVERED BY ABDUL-BAHA IN NEW YORK CITY AND VICINITY.
(Continued from Dage fifteen)
this, yet when one understands all this means,
one realizes the combination of humanity and
exaltation which it implies."
'vVe hope, tonight, that we may hear from
this distinguished man not only something of
the situation and condition of the women of
Persia, but something of the relationship
which these two great movements--Woman's
Suffrage and International Peace--bear to
each other.
I have the great honor to introduce to you
Abdul-Baha.
ADDRESS BY 
Today certain questions of the utmost im-
portance are facing humanity. These ques-
tions are peculiar to this radiant century. I11
past centuries there was 11ot even mention of
these subjects. Inasmuch as this is the cen-
tury of illumination, the century of the ad-
vancement of humanity, the century of the
divine bestowals, therefore these important
questions are presented for the consideration
of public opinion, and in all the countries of
the world discussion is taking place with re-
gard to them.
One of these questions concerns the rights
of woman and her equality with man. In past
ages they believed in inequality between man
and woman; that is to say, they considered
woman to be inferior to man, even from the
standpoint of her anatomy and creation. They
considered her to be inferior in intelligence
and that it was not allowable for her to step
into the arena of important affairs. In some
countries men went so far as to consider
Women to belong to a sphere other than the
human sphere. But in this century, which is
the century of light and the revelation of mys-
teries, God has proved to the satisfaction of
humanity that this is a great mistake. Nay
rather it is well proved that mankind and
womankind as humanity are equal, no differ-
ence between them; all are human. The con-
ditions which existed in past centuries were
due to woman's lack of education. They did
not educate womankind at all, but left her
in her undeveloped state. Naturally, woman-
kind could not advance. As a matter of fact
God has created all humanity, and in the
estimation of God there is no distinction of
male and female. In the estimation of God,
the one whose heart is pure is acceptable, be
that one man or woman. God will not inquire
"Art thou woman or art thou man He will
consider human actions. If the actions are
acceptable in the threshold of the glorious
One, man or woman will be alike rewarded.
Second: The education of womankind is
more necessary and important than the edu-
cation of man, for women are the educators
of man when man is in the stage of infancy.
If the educator be defective and imperfect, the
one educated will necessarily be accordingly.
If we say that womankind is defective and im-
perfect, this implies a condition of imperfec-
tion in mankind, for it is woman who educates
man; it is the mother who rears and nurtures
the child. The father does not educate it.
Therefore if the educator be imperfect, surely
the educated will be imperfect. This is evident,
manifest and incontrovertible. Is it possible
for a teacher to be imperfect or illiterate and
the student perfect and accomplished? The

