STAR OF THE WEST 11
place. The World of humanity became fet-
tered, as it were, in that darkness. Day by day
enmity was waxing great, until it reached such
a pitch that each nation rose against the other
in arms. And at one critical moment, were it
not for political reasons and political inter-
ests, the nations would have fought against
each other, doing away with one another. Now
it is enough! We must investigate the Truth.
We must pass by these superstitions. It is a
self-evident truth that all humanity is the
creation of God. All are His servants and
under His protection. All are the recipients of
His Bestowals. God is kind to all His serv-
ants. At most it is th-is, that some are ig-
norant. They must be educated in order that
they may become intelligent. Some are as
immature children. They must be helped and
aided in order that they may become mature.
Some are ill and sick. They must be treated.
But the ill--the patient--must not be tested.
The child must not be wronged. The ignorant
must not be crit-icized. We must look to some
remedy. All the Prophets of God, includ-
ing Jesus Christ, came for the education of
humanity, in order that the immature souls
may b-ecome mature. In order that the ig11or-
ant members of mankind may become the
knowing. So that through this education love
and amity might be established among man-
kind. The Prophets have not come to this
world to cause discord or enmity. For God
has wished Well for all His servants, and he
who wishes the servants of God ill is against
God. He has not emulated the example of
God. He has followed the Satanic foot-
prints. The Quality of God is Mercy, and
that of Satan is hate. Therefore every man
who is merciful and kind to his fellowmen is
following God's attribute, and every man
Who is hating or inimical toward his fellow-
men is Satanic. For God is absolute love,
even as His Holiness ]esus Christ has de-
clared, and Satan is utter hatred. Therefore
wherever you see love, knowi that there is a
manifestation of God's Mercy, and wherever
you see hatred or enmity, know that these are
the manifestations or the doings of Satan.
The Prophets have corne to this world with
this mission, that human souls may become
the expressions of the Merciful. That they
might be educated; that they might attain
to love and unity and accomplish peace and
accord, For in the World of existence the
animal is a captive of nature. It acts ac-
cording to the exigencies of nature. It has
no consideration of good or evil. Whatever
be the an:i1i1a1's natural inclination, that it
p-ursues. But the Prophets of God have
come in order to teach man goodness, so that
humanity may not follow its natural in-
stincts but that it may act reasonably accord-
ing to their judgment. That which is ac-
counted praiseworthy by his reason or in-
tellect, that should he act, though that should
be against natural proclivity. And Whatever
his intellect shall find contrary to the praise-
worthy standard, that shall he refuse to act,
though it be contrary to his natural trend.
Therefore man must follow the Merciful
attribute of God. The imperfect members of
society, the weak souls in humanity, are fol-
lowing their natural trend. Their lives and
doings are in accordance With the natural
propensities. They are the captives of physi-
cal suscep-tibilities. They are not in touch
or in tune with the Spiritual Bounties. Man
is possessed of two aspects. He has a physi-
cal side or aspect which is subject to nature,
and he has the Merciful aspect or Divine
aspect, which is connected with God. That
consists o-f the angel-ic qualities. And in man
if the animal side or the natural side should
overcome or subdue the Heavenly and Merci-
ful side, then he is the most degraded of an-
imal beings, and if the Divine side should
overcome the animal, then he is verily an
angel. The Prophets have come in order
that humanity might be educated so that the
animal side of man should pass away, and
that is the captivity of nature, and the Divine
aspect, the Divine side of his nature, may over-
come the other. The Divine aspect or the
spiritual side consists of the Breaths of the
Holy Spirit--of the spiritual aspect. The
Second Birth of which Iesus Christ has
spoken refers to this Heavenly or Divine side.
His Divine side is expressed in the Baptism
by the Holy Spirit, and he who is baptized
by the Holy Spirit is a veritable manifesta-
tion of Mercy to mankind. Then he is most
kind to all humanity. He shall entertain no
enmity to any people, and he shall shun no
nation. He will be kind to all humanity. For
the foundations of the Religions of God are
one. If we refer to the foundations of the
Religions we shall find that We have much
ground for agreement. And if we refer to
the imitations we will find points of dis-
agreement or division, for imitations differ,
but the foundatiions of Divine Religions are
agreed. The foundations of the Religions of

