STAR OF THE WEST 21
The bestowal and grace of God have ren-
dered the realm of existence alive and full of
being. For existence there is no change or
transformation; existence is ever existence,
and it can never be translated into non-exist-
ence. It is only a graduation. A degree be-
neath the highest degree is considered as non-
existence. For example, this dust beneath our
feet as compared to our being is non-existent.
The human body becomes dust and you can
say it has become non-existent, therefore this
dust in comparison or in relation to the higher
form of human being, is as non-existent, but
in its own sphere it is existent, it has its
mineral being; therefore it is well proved that
absolute non-existence is impossible, it is only
relative. The purpose is this: that the ever-
lasting bestowal of God vouchsafed to man is
never subject to corruption; inasmuch as He
has endowed existence or the phenomenal
world with being, it is impossible for it to
become non--being, for it is the very genesis
of God; it is in the realm of creation; it is a
creational world and not a subjective world,
and that bounty is continuous and permanent.
For instance, He endows man with the be-
stowal of being, and that bounty or bestowal
is continuous, and there is no cessation; there-
fore, just as the rays of the sun are continu-
ous, the heat of the sun emanates forever, no
cessation is conceived for it, even so the
bestowal of God as regards humanity is ever
descending upon it, is ever continuous, and
never is there severance therefrom. If we say
that the bestowal of existence at some time
ceases, it would be the same as saying that the
sun can exist with cessation of its rays. Is it
possible for the sun to have a cessation of its
effulgence or rays? Therefore the effulgences of
existence are ever-present and continuous. The
conception of annihilation is a factor in human
degradation, it is the cause of human debase-
ment, it is the cause of human lowliness, it
is the cause of human fear, it is the cause of
the dispersion of human thought; but the con-
ception of composition or existence is conducive
to human sublimity, the cause of human prog-
ress, the cause of human virtues, therefore it
behooves man to never think of non-existence,
of death--which is absolutely an imaginary
thing he must never think of that which
degrades him, nor think of the degradation of
the human soul. Man must see himself ever
living, so that hour by hour he may advance
until the human reality may become more ap-
parent. If he considers non-existence he will
become utterly incompetent; his will weak-
ened; his power will not remain; love of prog-
ress will wax cold, and the acquisition of hu-
man virtues will cease.
Therefore you must thank God that God
has rendered you all alive and existent. En-
deavor day and night to acquire more virtues
of the human type, and consider yourselves as
the lights which never have any sunset, any
setting; an existence which is never non-exist-
ence; a light which is never to be followed by
darkness. Wheii man is not endowed with
insight he is not informed of these important
mysteries. This outer retina, so delicate, may
sometimes be a hindrance to the insight, which
can alone perceive. The bestowals of God
which are visible in all phenomenal life are
sometimes rendered invisible because of the
delicate retina, which sometimes forms a hin-
drance, which makes him uninformed, but
when those scales are off, when the veil is
torn asunder, then the great signs of God will
become visible, he will witness the light filling
the world. The bestowals of God are all
manifest. The promises of heaven are pres-
ent. The favors of God are surrounding all,
but if this cover should remain he is made to
deny all these great signs, and is deprived of
all these manifestations of God's bestowals;
therefore we must endeavor in order that the
veil concealing the insight may be removed,
that we may witness the manifestation of God's
signs and discern the mysterious graces of
God, and see that the material blessings, as
compared with the spiritual blessings, are as
nothing. The spiritual blessings of God are
the greatest. When we were in the mineral
kingdom, although there we were endowed with
certain blessings of God, they were incompara-
ble with the blessings in the human kingdom.
Although when we were in the matrix of the
mother we were blessed with certain blessings
of God, as compared with the blessings or be-
stowals of this world they were as nothing.
Likewise if we transfer from the phenomenal
phases of life to the spiritual and attain in-
sight, we shall consider that the material
blessings, as compared with the spiritual bless-
ings, are as nothing. In the spiritual world
the divine bestowals are infinite, for that which
is in the material world is subject to disin-
tegration; for every composition there is a de-
composition, but in the world of spirit there
is no separation, there is no decomposition. It
is absolute immortality and entire solidity
and firmness. It is changeless; therefore We
must thank God for He has created for us
material blessings and also spiritual bestowals.

