STAR OF THE WEST 13
his decree could kill a thousand men each
day. There was not a day during which he
did not kill many people. This woman, singly
and alone, was capable of withstanding such a
monarch until her last breath, and then she
offered her life--~forfeited it. Consider what
mysteries have been revealed! All this has
been due to the effulgence of the Sun of
Reality, which in this century and this age
has become gloriously manifested. Man
must impartially investigate the reality. He
must not be prejudiced. What is the differ-
ence between man and Woman? Both are
human. In all functions and powers they
are co-partners. At most it has been this:
That woman has not had the opportunities
which man has so long enjoyed, especially
education. She has not had military tactics.
If she cannot go on the battlefield and kill,
is that a shortcoming? Supposing she has
not used a gun, nor worked the cannon.
If we present a cannon to a woman and
ask her to fire it and she should fail, is that
an imperfection? At most we can say such is
a compliment or praise to her, that in the
hardness of the heart she is inferior to man!
If we say to womankind, Come along and kill
people, they will say--I cannot do it. Now
that is not a shortcoming! But be it known
that if womankind had been trained according
to military tactics, I believe that they could
kill as many too. But God forbid Woman-
kind to learn military tactics! May they never
make up their minds to take up the gun. Be-
cause that is not a glory. Home-making and
joy-creating and comfort-making are truly
glories of man! Man should not glory in
this, that he can kill people. Man should
glory in this, that he can love. When We
study the realm of existence and consider the
various kingdoms other than the human king-
dom, We discover that the male and the female
are not the distinction of gender peculiar to
men. Nay,- rather, in all created beings there
is this distinction of kind. Among the ani-
mals there is the female and the male, but is
there any superior distinction made by them?
In -the plant life or the vegetable kingdom
we find likewise the masculine and feminine,
but there is no difference whatsoever between
the male and the female. And if we should
impartially investigate the matter, perchance
we may find that the female is preferable or
superior to the male, because in the vegetable
kingdom there are some trees, the female
order of which is fruitful, whereas the male
is fruitless. For example, the male fig tree
is fruitless, whereas the female fig tree is
fruitful. The male palm tree is valueless,
Whereas the female date tree is fruitful. Now,
when we find that in the other kingdoms
among the existing things, in the animal and
the vegetable, there is no distinction between
the male and the female, is it becoming of
man to make such a distinction? The male type
of the animals does not glory in its being male
and in its being superior at all to the female.
In fact, an equality is manifested. Is it meet
that man, so superior as a creature, should
deprive himself of this equality which the ani-
mals enjoy? The male animals do not exer-
cise this attitude. They declare that they are
equal with the female. In all the rights they
consider themselves equal. How is it possible
that man, the most reasonable and the most
noble, should consider himself superior?
Whereas, as a matter of fact, they are all the
Servants of one God and all are considered in
His estimation as human; and when we find
that the word "man" is used as a generic name
it applies to all creatures, especially human-
kind; for example, in the Bible the statement
is made that "man is created after our own
image and does not mean that
the female was not created. That applies to
her as well as to man. "We have created
man after our own image and likeness." You
may be interested to know that in Persian
and Arabic there are two words distinct, which
in English are translated "man"; in Persian
and Arabic there is this distinction, when the
word "man" is used in one sense it means
both man and woman, and the pronoun is
referable to both, whereas there is a word
which distinguishes the male and the female.
We use the word "man" as applicable to man
alone, as though it referred to the male alone,
whereas it does not at all. We use the Word
"man" in English as applicable to both. In
the Hebrew it is the same.
That which God has not created, that dis-
tinction which He has not made, we must not
observe. It is a superstition. The thing which
is to be considered, however, is this: that
womankind must be more highly educated.
They must have equal opportunities with men.
There rnust be no difference whatsoever be-
tween their education. And until this reality,
namely, the equality between the male and
the female in the human kingdom, is fully
established, is fully realized,. the highest at-
tainment for society is not made possible.
Supposing womankind is inferior to man in
a certain degree, even if that be the case that

