STAR OF THE WEST 11
passed away entirely, The teachings of
are as follows:
First: That the oneness of humanity shall
be established. All men are the servants of
God. God has created all, is the provider of
all, is the perceiver of all, and is loving to all.
Inasmuch as God is just to all, why should We
be unjust? As God has revivified all, why
should we be the cause of death? As God has
given comfort to all, why should we be the
means of discomfort? Is there a policy better
than God'sP Can humanity establish a plan
superior to His plan? It is certain that no mat-
ter how keen humanity may be in the organ-
ization of plan or discovery of purpose, it will
be inadequate as compared with 
the policy of God is perfect. Therefore we
must follow and emulate the policy of God.
Inst as God is kind to all, we must likewise be
kind to all. It is certain that if we are kind to
all, that will be most acceptable to God.
Second: The teaching of is
that the Truth or Reality must be investigated,
for the Reality of the divine religions is One,
and when we investigate this Reality, all will
find love and amity,--all will be united. Then
we shall become kind and loving towards all
because the foundation of this Reality is One.
At most it is this: that some are sick, they
must be treated; some are ignorant, they must
be educated; some are infants, they must be
reared. ls it meet for us to oppose or to detest
the one who is sick, the one who is an infant.
or the one who is immature? Rather is it not
meet to be kind and gentle to him and to think
of ways and means to remedy the situation.
Therefore the human race, under no condition
whatsoever, should exercise any prerogative
save that of kindness, gentleness and humility.
Third: The teachings of show
that religion must correspond with science.
The fundamental principles of the Prophets
are scientific, but the imitations which have
appeared are opposed to science. If religion
does not agree with science it is ignorance.
For God has endowed man with reason in order
that he may perceive the Reality. Among the
things which are reasonable are the foundations
of religion. God has granted us intelligence to
perceive them. If they be opposed to reason
and science, how could they be received and
followed?
The Fourth teaching of is that
religion must be conducive to love and unity.
If religion be not the cause of love and unity
among it be the cause of enmity,
strife and bloodshed, non-religion is better than
religion. For God has made religion for love.
If it be the cause of enmity and strife, surely
the absence of religion is preferable.
Consider the time when His Holiness Moses
appeared. The tribes of Israel were in a state
of disunion. They were captives of the
Pharaohs. His Holiness Moses gathered them
together, and the divine law became the cause
of fellowship among the people. The varying
tribes of Israel became as one people; agreed
and were united. Then they were rescued from
bondage. They went to the Land of Promise;
advanced in all degrees; developed sciences
and arts; progressed along the lines of mate-
rial civilization; increased in spiritual or divine
civilization until the Solomonic sovereignty
was founded by them. Therefore it is manifest
that religion is the cause of unity, fellowship
and progress among humanity. For the mis-
sion and function of the shepherd is to assem-
ble the sheep and not to scatter them. Then
His Holiness Christ appeared. He united the
varying and divergent creeds and warring
people of his time. He united the Greek and
the Roman nations. He united the Egyptians
and Assyrians; the Chaldeans and Phoenicians.
These varying nations who were at constant
warfare with each other, Christ united and
caused them to agree. Therefore again it
becomes evident that religion is for concord and
unity. Likewise l\/lohammed appeared at a
time when the peoples and tribes of Meso-
potamia were divergent and in a state of utmost
tribal warfare. \/Varfare was rampant among
them. They killed each other, pillaged the
property of one another and took captive wives
and children. His Holiness Mohammed arose,
united these divergent tribes, instituting
among them a bond of the utmost fellowship,
until they gave up warfare absolutely and
established communities. The result was that the
Arabian tribes freed themselves from the
Persian yoke and Roman control and estab-
lished an independent sovereignty, until the
sciences and arts reached a high pitch in Anda-
lusia and Spain, and the Saracen nation became
famous throughout the world. Therefore it is
proved once more that religion is the cause of
fellowship and not the cause of enmity. If
religion be the cause of enmity, surely its ab-
sence is preferable. For the Religion of God
has no other purpose than amity, and the
foundations of all religions are one. \/Vhen
His Holiness appeared in Persia,
the utmost strife and rancor separated the
various people and tribes of Persia to such an
extent that two tribes would not associate in

