8 STAR OF THE WEST
cons of the church and the officers exercised
the greatest love and consideration. In intro-
ducing the Cause of God and A-bdul-Baha
the minister gave an address in the utmost
eloquence and fluency of tongue and instead
of reading from the Old and New Testa-
ments, he said: will read from the new
Scriptures." He then read extracts from the
Words of and Abdul-Baha.
(Extracts from the address of the minister,
Rev. Edgar Wiers, will be sent to you by
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab.) [See page 12.]
I addressed them on the subject of Divine
Unity, the oneness which exists among the
Manifestations of God, such as His High-
ness Moses, His Highness Abraham, His
Holiness Jesus Christ, His Holiness Mahomet,
His Highness the Bab, and the Universal
Manifestation, His Holiness 
The audience listened with utmost attention
and joy.
Last night by the invitation of the Inter-
national Peace Forum, I appeared in the
Grace Methodist Church, New York City,
and delivered a detailed address before an
audience composed of nearly two thousand
people. Irrefutable proofs and incontraverti-
ble evidences were expounded, demonstrating
the absolute necessity of establishing the Most
Great Peace and International Arbitration. I
proclaimed that His Highness 
had upraised this ensign fifty years ago in
the Most Great Prison in Acca.
With utmost longing Abdul-Baha traveled
to Chicago to meet the Friends of God.
Praise be to God! he found the beloved re-
joiced by the glad-tidings of God and at-
tracted to the Kingdom of God. In churches
and gatherings, while in Chicago, he spoke
and scattered the seeds and raised the most
glorious mention of the Kingdom of ABHA.
You have seen with your own eyes that not one
soul met him with opposition. Every soul
who appeared in the presence of Abdul-Baha
returned happy, rejoiced and assured. This
became possib-le by the inexhaustible Bounties
of the Beauty of ABHA and the victory and
confirmation of His Highness the Almighty.
Having returned to Washington, we met
very important personages, and all that was
expressed was listened to with profound at-
tention; no soul hesitated in belief; we spoke
with everyone according to his merit and ca-
pacity. Many questions were asked by differ-
ent important seekers on religious, political,
socialistic, civic rights, scientific problems
and deep spiritual subjects. Answers to every
one of these questions satisfied the inter-
rogator. No soul hesitated in the acceptance
of truth.
In Chicago you had a like experience When
all questioners were equally satisfied. Now
Abdul-Baha scattered the seeds of Truth in
Chicago and the "Breeze of God" was wafted
over that city. The friends of God must
water those seeds and through the power and
confirmation o-f the Kingdom of ABHA must
labor so that those seeds may grow and de-
velop in that field, become verdant and green
so that many harvests may be gathered. This
result will be attained through unity and
harmony and the love and communion of the
hearts. Therefore, the friends of God must
first ignite this lamp of unity in their own
gathering and afterwards hoist the tent of
the oneness of the World of humanity.
His Highness addressing the
children of men, said: "Ye are all the
fruits of one tree and the leaves of one
bran-ch." The only difference lies herein:
Some are ign0rant--y0u must bestow upon
them knowledge; some are heed1ess--you
must make them mindful; some are asleep--
you must awaken them; some are sick--you
must heal them; some are children--you must
educate them; so that the World of humanity,
through the power of God, may attain to ma-
turity. Man must exercise kindness toward
those who are sick and immature and not be
impatient or displeased. The shepherd must
gather together the scattered flock and not
disperse them. These are the principles of
the people of Baha'. You must live and act
in accord with these teachings.
Abdul-Baha is always expecting to hear
wonderful news from you. He is ever an-
ticipating that, through the power of con-
firmation of the Kingdom of ABHA, the world
of human thought may be stirred with tre-
mendous exhilaration in Chicago. This will
be attained thro-ugh the excellent conduct, the
unity, the magnanimity and the spiritual ut-
terances of the friends of God. In that time
the radiant faces of the beloved ones will
become illumined in the Kingdom of ABI-IA,
the fame of their union and concord will be
spread throughout the east and the west and
their spiritual victories will embrace the north
and the south.
If, at any time, an unimportant and ignor-
ant soul arises in opposition, do not heed him
nor consider his objection of any importance.
We have had in the past opposers who have
been among the world's celebrities; we have

