16 STAR OF
they were ushered into the spiritual life.
Though they had to forego the so-called com-
fort of this life, they were to enjoy a comfort
far more real. For they hastened to the King-
dom of God. And it is our duty to think of
them in our prayers and supplications, that they
may draw nearer and nearer to the Source.
For the Mercy of God is infinite. This world
may be likened to the matrix of the mother,
whereas the Realm of the Kingdom may be
likened to the spacious outer world. When
the infant is born into this world from the
matrix, it finds it very difficult at first. It
cries and does not wish to separate from the
limited place. It imagines that life is con-
fined to that limited space. Therefore it
leaves that place reluctantly. But nature
forces it into this world. But having come
into this world, it finds that it has left a dark
space behind and has been ushered into a
world of radiance. From the gloomy and
dingy place it has been transferred to a most
spacious and delightful place. Its nutriment
was first that of blood, but here it finds de-
licious food to enjoy. It finds here a delightful
place to live, the beautiful mountains, the
delightful meadows, the green prairies, the
pleasant fountains and springs, the wonderful
stars and delightful atmosphere in which to
dwell, and then it praises God for having
been rescued from the matrix realm and for
entering into this spacious place. Now, this
analogy may be carried out in relation to
this world and the life hereafter, that this in
comparison with the other is similar to the
matrix and this life. At first it is very diffi-
cult to welcome death. But when man is
transferred to the other state, then he is
very grateful. For he has been released from
the limited and is to enjoy the liberties of
the unlimited. He is liberated from a world of
sorrow, grief and trials, and he is to enjoy
a world of bliss and joy. The phenomenal
world he leaves behind in order that he may
have the opportunities of the ideal and spirit-
ual. And those souls, although they have left
this span of life, this world, yet they have
hastened to a world superior to this. They
have soared away from the world of darkness
and are now in the realm of light. And these
considerations are the only ones which can
comfort souls here. Furthermore, there are
some deeper reasons for events. There are
certain incidents in life which are to teach
men certain lessons. We are living in a clay
when so many people rely wholly or solely on
THE WEST
matter. They imagine that the size of a
great ship, that the thoroughness of the
machinery or the skill of a captain will ensure
the safety of a vessel. These things take
place sometimes that men may know that there
is a Protector, and that is God. If God pro-
tects man, if it be His will, a little ship some-
times escapes death, but if he shall rely solely
on a ship, though it be the greatest, biggest
ship, though it may be well built, though the
captain be the best captain, yet in a danger
such as was present on the ocean it may not
survive or escape, so that the people of the
world may know that they must turn to the
One who is the Protector. So that souls may
rely upon the preservation of God, and that
they may know that He is the real Keeper.
These events do sometimes occur for such
reasons as those stated. They take place in
order that man's faith may increase. There-
fore, though we must feel sad and disheart-
ened, yet we must supplicate God to turn our
hearts to the Kingdom of God and ask for
them in His infinite Mercy. So that now al-
though they have been deprived of this life,
they may enjoy the Supreme Mansions of the
Kingdom.
But let no one imagine that these words
should lead men to think that they must not be
thorough in their undertakings. God has en-
dowed man with intelligence, so that he may
use his intelligence. Therefore he must supply
himself with all that science can offer. He
must be most deliberate and most careful. He
must be ever thorough in his undertakings.
He must build a thing well. Build the best
ship that his ingenuity can lead him to, and
employ the most skilled captain, but with all
that let him rely upon God. Let him con-
sider God as the one Keeper. If God shall
protect, nothing can alfect man's safety, and
if it be not His will, then no matter how
many shall be supplied, it will be of no avail.
Therefore I shall conclude with these few re-
marks, which I hope you will remember. To-
morrow afternoon I hope to do better for
you. I am very tired today, therefore please
excuse me for this afternoon. I am quite
fatigued.
ADDRESS OF ABDUL-BAHA BEFORE THE BETHEL
LITERARY Socrarv, APRIL 23, 1912.*
AS I stand here tonight and look at this
audience, I am reminded curiously of a
bunch of violets, variegated in hues, dark
*Trari51ated by Dr. Ameen U. Farecd and taken
stenographically by Ioseph H. I-Iannen.

