STAR OF THE WEST 9
dent that you w-ill co-operate with me, and I
know this is your hope also. We shall, there-
fore, offer supplication to the Threshold of
God, so that perchance a great love may take
possession of the hearts of men and unite the
nations of the world. That the standard of in-
ternational praise may be hoisted, and that
the oneness of the world of humanity may be
promulgated. And all this is made possible
and feasible through your efforts, until this
American democracy may be the first nation
to hoist the banner of international peace.
May it be the first nation to promulgate the
universality of mankind. May it be the first
nation to upraise the banner of the Most Great
Peace until these philanth.ropic institutions and
these philanthropic intentions through this
democracy, this nation, may be spread broad-
cast throughout the world. Truly, this is a
great nation. Liberty has reached its utmo-st
degree. It is arevered nation. The nintentions
are all good; they are indeed worthy of being
the people to raise the tabernacle of this great
peace and to- hoist the standard of the oneness
of humanity. I supplicate to God and I will
ask aid and confirmation in your behalf!
Benediction.
Annanss or ABDUL-BAHA AT STUDIO HALL, 1219
CONNECTICUT AVENUE, SUNDAY 
APRIL 21, 1912*
HAVE come here to visit you. I have come
I with the greatest longing to see you. Real-
izing that it was only with a great deal of
trouble that you could come to see me, and only
a few could make the trip, I said to myself I
shall go, so that all of them without any trou-
ble may have the pleasure of a visit. Praise
be to God! I have come, and I am looking into
your faces; faces most radiant; hearts at-
tracted to the Kingdom of spirits ex-
hilarated through the glad-tidings of God.
Therefore I have obtained the greatest pos-
sible pleasure. And surely it must be mutual,
for the hearts are connected with each other
and are opposite each other. The flame and
the light are reflected in all. The spiritual
susceptibilities and feelings of love are com-
mon. At every moment, if we offer a hundred
thousand thanks to the Threshold -of God for
this love which has obtained between the Ori-
ent and the Occident, we shall fail to suffi-
ciently express o-ur gratitude. If all the pow-
""Tra11slated by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed and taken
stenographically by Joseph H. Hannen.
ers of the W-orld were desirous of bringing
about this love and unity between the East
and the West, they would prove incapable. If
they wished to establish this unity it would
have proven an impossibility. But His Holi-
ness, has accomplished this
through the I-Ioly Spirit, and this unity is in-
dissoluble. It shall stand to time everlasting,
and clay by day shall it increase. Ere long, it
shall take hold of the world, and eventually
the hearts of all the nations of the world will
be brought together thereby. The world of
humanity shall become the manifestation of
the Lights of God, and the Bestowals of God
shall surround all. From the standpoint of
material civilization, and from that of spiritual
civilization, extraordinary progress shall be ac-
complished. In this cycle there shall be such
progress along the lines of civilization as to
b-e unparalleled in the history of the world.
For the world of humanity has hereto-fore been
in the state or stage of infancy. Now it is be-
ginning, 0-r it is in the process of attaining
maturity. Inst as the human organism attain-
ing the period of maturity, attains a great
development,--the intellectual faculties ripen
to the fullest extent, in one year of this period
there is accomplished a tremendous, unprece-
dented development, likewise the world of
humanity, having reached the period of ma-
turity, will accomplish a tremendous upward
progress, and that power, which is the de-
pository of God in the human realities, that
Universal power like unto the intellectual fac-
ulty of man, will reveal tremendous develop-
ment. Therefore, thank ye God that ye have
come into the plane of existence in this radiant
century wherein the Bestowals of God are ap-
peaning from all directions, the Doors of the
Kingdom have been opened unto you and the
summons of God are being raised, and the vir-
tues of the human world are in the process of
promulgation. The day has come when all
darkness is to be dispelled, and the Sun of
Truth is to shine forth radiantly. This cen-
tury may be likened unto the equinoctial in
the annual cycle. For verily, this is the spring
season of God. It is therefore that in the Holy
Books a promise is given concerning a time
when the spring-time of God shall make itself
manifest, and the Jerusalem, the Holy City,
shall descend from Heaven, and that Zion shall
leap forth and dance, and that the I-Ioly Land
shall be submerged in the sea of the Holy
Lights. ]ust as you observe a tremendous
motion in the time of spring i11 the material

