14 OF ABDUL-BAHA
ternational Peace in reality may be unfurled
here, and that American Democracy may be
the cause of the cessation of warfare in all
other countries.
Observe what is taking place in Tripoli.
Think of their cutting one another into pieces.
From the waters of the sea comes the bom-
bardment; on the land the guns respond, and
from the very air itself the dynamiting
descends. The contending parties are thirsting
for each other's blood. Truly armies should
not contend like this. How can they do it?
Have they not fathers, have they not mothers,
have they not children, are they not human?
'What of the children when they hear the ter-
rible news? What of the wives? Think oi
their experiences! How unjust this is, how
terrible! Human beings should not suffer this.
Those chieitains should strive for the good of
their subjects; those shepherds should bring
their sheep within the fold and comfort them
and give them pasture. I supplicate the King-
dom of God and ask that you may be instru-
mental in bringing about the Great Peace in
this country, in this nation and government,
and through them spread it to the world.
THE PLAZA, Cnrcaco, FRIDAY MAY
3, r91'2.*
HE diftereirce, in humankind, from the
I highest to the lowest, the philosophers
declare, is due to education or lack of
education. The proofs advanced with regard
to this are these: The inhabitants of Africa
are human, the inhabitants of America are also
human, the inhabitants of Europe are human.
Vfhat is the cause of the difference which ex-
ists between the inhabitants of Africa and
those of America or Europe? The inhabitants
of America are civilized, generally speaking;
the inhabitants of Africa, generally speaking,
are pronounced to be savage, with few excep-
tions. 'Nhat causes this difference? There is
no doubt that the inhabitants of America are
civilized because of education, whereas the
people of Africa have been deprived of edu-
cation. Education renders the ignorant wise;
education renders the tyrant just; education
renders him who is sad, glad; education
strengthens the Weak-minded or weak-willed
to be strong-willed; education renders the
fruitless trees fruitful. Therefore the differ-
ence apparent in humankind-in the world of

'Translated by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed and taken
stenographically by Mrs. Marzieh Moss.
humanity, namely that some occupy lofty de-
grees, others occupy the abyss of despair, is
mainly due to education or its absence. Every
individual member of the human race can
attain to the loftiest degrees. He can even
reach the prophetic degree. This is the state-
ment of the philosophers.
The prophets oi God also state that educa-
tion is most effective; that it does give man
sublimity; it does confer on man civiliza-
tion; it does improve the morals oi society;
but they further state that in creation there
is some difference. For example, take ten
given children of the same age, of the same
progeny, in the same school, one curriculum,
one teaching, the same food, the same water,
the same environment or air, in all respects
having interests in common and equal; but
we find out ere long that two of these appear
exceedingly intelligent; some are in the me-
dium, and some at the bottom of the school.
One may become a professor emeritus; one
Will not even prove a11 apt scholar, whereas
the education has been the same, one teacher,
the same climate, the same school, the same
lessons. From all standpoints there has been
an equality, but some advance extraordinarily,
some occupy the middle school, some only the
lowest degrees, hence it becomes evident that
in existence, in the very existence of man,
mankind is not equal. In capacity they differ;
in their intellectual capability they differ. They
are different, but every member of the human
race is capable oi becoming educated. They
must be educated. The prophets of God "are
the first educators, they educate the human
race generally, they give them universal edu-
cation, they cause them to leave the lowest
degrees or grades of savagery and attain to
the highest pinnacle oi civilization. The phil--
osophers likewise strive along educational
lines for humanity, but at most they have been
able to educate themselves, to improve their
own morals, to civilize themselves, and they
have been able to educate a limited number
who have been about them, but they have been
incapable of universal education. They have
failed to cause an advancement for any given
nation so that it might leave the lowest grades
of savagery and attain to the highest pitch of
civilization, 'but His Holiness, Jesus, conferred
this education. His teachings were universal
in aspect, His bestowal is universal in char-
acter. Through the power of the Holy Spirit
did He educate, not through human agency,
for the human power is limited, whereas the
Divine power is unlimited, and no doubt the

