4 STAR OF THE WEST
this darkness of estrangement and enmity
may be dispelled from amongst men; so that
all men may become as one family and be
kind unto one another; that the East may
assist the West; that the West may aid the
East,--for all are the denizens of the one
planet, and all are peoples of the one nativity,
and all are the flocks of the one Shepherd.
Consider how the Prophets who have been
sent, and the great souls who have appeared
from amongst men, and the sages who have
arisen in the world,--have all given exhorta-
tions unto men. They have all taught love
and affection to humanity. They have all
guided human souls towards union and har-
mony. These great Prophets and saints and
seers and philosophers have all sacrificed their
lives in order to establish these teachings
amongst men. Consider how heedless the world
is,--for notwithstanding all the pains taken by
these Prophets of God in their time, the people
are still fighting one another! Notwithstand-
ing all the Heavenly Commandments to love
one another, they are shedding each other's
blood! How heedless are these people! How
ignorant are these people! How in darkness
are these people! They have such a compas-
sionate God who is so kind towards all men,
and yet they act against His good pleasure!
And yet they live in opposition to His be-
hests! God is kind towards all men, and yet
they show the utmost enmity each towards
the other! God gives life unto them all, yet
they destroy each other's lives! God blesses
and builds their houses; they raze and sack
each other's homes! Consider how heedless
are such people! Consider how ignorant are
such people!
As to you: Your duty is of another kind,
for you are informed concerning the mys-
teries of GOD. Your eyes are illuminedi
Your ears are made hearing! You must there-
fore look towards each other, and then towards
all mankind, with the utmost love and kind-
ness; for you have no excuse to bring before
GOD if you do not line this way, for you are
informed of that which constitutes the good
pleasure of God. You have heard His Com-
mandments. You have hearkened unto His
Words of Advice. You must, therefore, be
kind to all men; you must even be kind to
your enemies as your friends. You must even
consider your evil-wishers as your well-
wishers. You must consider as agreeable,
those who are not agreeable towards yon;--
so that, perchance, this darkness of conflict
may disappear from amongst men and the
Light of the Divine may shine forth; so that
the Orient may be illumined; that the Occi-
dent may be filled with fragrance; nay, the
East and the West may embrace each other
in love and deal with one another in the ut-
most aifection! Until man reaches this high
station, the world of humanity shall not find
rest and the eternal felicity shall not be at-
tained by men! But if man lives up to these
Divine Commandments, this world of earth
shall be transformed into the world of heaven,
and this material sphere shall be converted
into a Paradise of Glory. It is my I1op'e that
you shall be rendered successful therein, so
that you may cast light upon the world of
humanity like unto lamps, and quicken and
stir the body of existence like unto a spirit.
This is Eternal Glory! This is Everlasting
Felicity! This is Immortal Life! This is
Heavenly Loftiness! This is being created in
the image and likeness of GOD, and unto this
I call yon, and I pray to God to strengthen
and bless you!
TALKS GIVEN BY ABDUL-BAHA
AUGUST 
TALK GIVEN BY ABDUL-BAHA AT DUBLIN INN,
DUBLIN, N. H., Arrows": 5, 1912.*
HE people of Christianity have clung to
literal interpretation of the statement in
the Gospel that Christ came from heaven.
The Jews likewise at the time of His Mani-
festation held to outward and visible expecta-
tion of the fulfilment of the prophecies. They
said, "Messiah shall appear from heaven. This
man came from Nazareth; we know his house';
by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab; notes by
Mr. Howard MacNutt.
AT DUBLIN, NEW HAMPSHIRE
and 6th, 1912.
we know his parents and people; it is Only
hearsay that he descended from heaven. This
cannot be proved."
The text of the Gospel states that He came
from heaven although outwardly from the
matrix of the mother. The meaning is that the
Divine Reality of Christ was from heaven,
but the body was born of Mary.
Therefore He came according to the proph-
ecies of the Holy Book and likewise according
to natural law; His Reality from heaven; His
body As He came before, so must
He come this time in the same way. But some

