14- STAR OF
the religions was continuous, causing cease-
less bloodshed and strife. The greatest
cause of human alienation has been religion
because each considered the belief of the
other as anathema and deprived of the Mercy
of God.
The Teachings of which are
specialized to Him are as fol-lows: He has
founded the premises by addressing all hu-
manity, saying, "Ye are all the leaves of
one of two trees, one merciful
and the other satanic. He has said all hu-
manity belongs to one tree--the Merciful.
Each individual member of the human fam-
ily is a leaf, twig or branch upon this tree.
All belong to the Adamic are shel-
tered beneath the protecting Mercy and Provi-
dence of God. All are the children of God;
all are fruit upon the one tree of His Love.
God is clement and kind to all the branches,
leaves and fruit of this tree and there is no
existence or interference of a satanic tree
being a creation of human
proclivities. God alone is the Creator and all
are creatures of His Might. Therefore we
must love all mankind as His creatures and
realize that all are growing upon the Tree of
His mercy--that all are servants of His
Almighty 'Will and manifestations of His
Good-pleasure.
Even supposing We find a branch or leaf
of this tree defective or a blossom imperfect,
it nevertheless belongs to this tree and not
another. Therefore it is our duty to try and
protect that tree,--guard and cultivate it un-
til- the fruit reaches perfection. If we test
its fruit and find it imperfect we must strive
to make it perfect. No doubt we will find
in the human world souls who are ignorant;
we must make them knowing. Some souls
growing upon the tree are weak and ailing;
we must put them in the way of attaining
health and recovery. If they be as infants
in development we must minister to them
until they attain maturity. Never should we
detest and shun them, or consider them as
bad. 'We must honor, respect and be kind
to them all, for God has created them a_nd
not Satan. They are not manifestations of
the wrath of God but of His Divine Favor.
God the Creator has endowed them with eyes,
ears, hearts, physical, mental and spiritual
faculties; that is to say they are creatures
of His Will, not of His wrath. Therefore
souls are manifestations of the Favor of God
--that is to say, all humanity must be shown
the utmost love, kindness and respect be-
cause What we behold in them are no less
THE WEST
than the signs and traces of God Him-
self. All are evidences of God, therefore
how shall we be justified in debasing them,
uttering anathema and seeking to deprive
them of drawing near unto His Mercy? This
is sheer ignorance, complete injustice and
God is not pleased with it because in the
sight of God all are His servants.
Another cause of dissension and discord is
the fact that religion has been pronounced
at variance with science. Between religion-
ists and scientists there has always been War-
fare for the reason that the former have pro-
claimed religion superior to science and con-
sidered science opposed to religion. For this
reason strife and enmity have existed be-
tween them. His Holiness Bana'o'z.LAn de-
clared this to be a mistake, for religion is in
harmony with science and reason. If it be
at variance, it proceeds from the mind of
man only and not from God and is there-
fore unworthy of belief and not deserving
of attention. The heart finds no rest in it
and confidence is not established. How can
man believe that which he knows to be at
variance with reason? Is this possible? Is
it possible for the heart to accept that which
reason refuses? Reason is the first faculty
of man and the religion of God is in har-
mony with it. has removed
this form of dissension and discord from
among mankind and reconciled science with
religion. This accomplishment is specialized
to Him in this Day.
Still another cause of disagreement and dis-
sension has been the formation of religious
sects and denominations. said that
God has sent religion" for fellowship among
humankind and not for strife and discord, for
all religion is founded upon the love of hu-
manity. His Holiness Abraham promulgated
the principle of love among mankind. His
Holiness Moses summoned all to the love of
mankind. His Holiness Christi established
the love of mankind. His Holiness Mo-
hammed directed all to the love of mankind.
This is the Reality of Religion. If you in-
vestigate the Reality and Inner Significance
of their teachings you will find it so. You
must not listen to hearsay but investigate the
Reality. The purport is that Religion is the
cause' of amity, love and fellowship, not of
discord, enmity and estrangement. But man
forsalcing the foundation of Divine Religion,
has adhered to certain blind imitations.
Each nation has clung to its own imitations
and because these imitations are at variance,
they have caused warfare, bloodshed and the

