God are conducive to unity. Imitations are
conducive to dismemberment. Whosoever is
inimical to humanity or hates any part of it
or disagrees with any member or part, he
is following imitations. His Holiness Jesus
Christ declares that the sun shines upon
the just and the unjust, upon all human-
ity, and His Holiness Christ was a Mercy
to all mankind, for He was the medium
of the Bounty of God, and the Bo11nty of
God is transcendental. Just as the revered
minister quoted from the words of the Gospel:
have yet many things to say unto you, but
ye cannot bear them now. Howbeit, when
he, the Spirit of Truth, is come, he will guide
you into all truth."
And now that century has come when the
Spirit of all Truth can reveal these ver-ities to
mankind and can proclaim that very \/Vord
to man, and can estab-lish the real founda-
tions of Christianity, and save all the peoples
and 11ations from these im.itations, and that the
basis of discord and the basis of prejudice
and animosity may be removed; the founda-
tion of love and amity may be established, All
of you must endeavor with heart and life in
order that this enmity may disappear entirely
from the midst of humanity, and this hate
and strife may pass away absolutely. You
must listen to the admonition of this Spirit
of Truth. You must follow the example or
the foo-t-prints of Jesus Christ. Read the
Gospels. His Holiness Jesus Christ was
Mercy itself; was Love itself. For He even
prayed in behalf of His executioners,--for
those who crucified Him. He said, Lord,
they know not what they do, therefore they
do what they do." If they knew what they
were doing, they would not have done it.
Consider how kind Jesus Christ was. That
even on the cross He prayed for His op-
pressors, and we must likewise followl His
example. We must emulate the Prophets of
God. We must follow Jesus Christ. We
must free ourselves and give up all these
imitations, which are the source of darkness
in the world. I am going to ask you a ques-
tion: Did God create us for love or for
enmity? Did He create us for peace or for
disquietude? Surely He has created us for
love, therefore we must act in accordance
therewith. Do not listen to anything which
is prejudiced. For self-interest prompts men
to>> be thus prejudiced. They are thoughtful
of only their own self--interests. They are
moving and marching on in darkness. Con-
12 STAR OF THE WEST
sider when His Holiness Christ appeared,
how many divergent creeds and nations
existed! How many religions were extant
How much enmity and strife existed among
them. There were the Romans. There were
the Greeks; the Assyrian nation; the Egyp-
tian nation. And these were most inimical
towards each other. His Holiness, through
the Breaths of the Holy Spirit, united them
all; established fellowship among them all,
so that there remained no trace of strife
among them. They were united under His
Standard and lived in peace through His
Teaching. Now, which is more commendable?
Which is preferable: To follow the example
of Jesus Christ, or to emulate the Satanic
instinct? Therefore let us strive with all our
powers so as to unite the East and the West,
so that all the nations of the world might be
advanced thereby. So that all may follow
the Foundations of the Religions of God. All
the essentials of the Religions of God are one
reality, and that reality is -indivisible and is
not multiple. It is one. And when we in-
vestigate that one reality, find it to be one,
then we have a basis for the oneness of the
world of mankind. I will pray for you, ask-
ing confirmation and aid in your behalf.
Prayer in Pei/sian.
Dr. Van Schaick: "Tell Abdul-Baha that
we are all stronger and better and richer for
his words of wisdom and for his spirit of
love."
Aibdul-Baha replies that he is greatly
pleased with the occasion, with this audience,
and especially with the Minister. For he
sees evidently that your intentions are good
and that your aim is the good pleasure of
the Lord. You have all gathered together
to pray to the one God, that you may turn
to Him .in order that you may obtain His
favor. Such an audience as this is a source
of great happiness to him. Therefore he shall
pray for you, heart and soul, asking blessings
in your behalf.
TABLE TALKS AT TI-IE HOME or MR. AND l\/Ins.
PARSONS, MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1912.*
EE how good is to us--how
great the power of His Word. See from
what parts of the world He has brought
*No-rE--Su11per: Nine at table; Abdul-Baha served.
The party: Abdul-Baha A_bbas,  Ameen U. Fareed,
Mirza Ali Kuli Khan, Mirza Al1,Akbar Khan, Seyad
Assad Ullah, Mirza Mahmood, Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
Dr. E. C. Getsinger, Charles Mason Remey, Joseph H.
Hannen. Translated by Dr. Ameen U. Fare-ed and
taken stenographically by Joseph H. Hannen.

