STAR OF THE WEST 13
vided sects of the religious systems of the
world. It is a great gospel. Many have
dreamed of it, but Abdul-Baha has lived it.
ADDRESS BY ABDUL-BAI-IA.
T0day I wish to speak to you upon the
subject of the "Oneness of Humanity," for
in this great century the most important of
all "subjects is the oneness of the world of
humankind. Although in past centuries and
bygone ages this great subject received some
measure of mention and consideration, it was
little compared to its attainment and impor-
tance in this day. In past ages and centuries
history shows that the various peoples, tribes,
nations and sects fought and warred against
each other in enmity and hatred. 
be to God this century of illumination
hearts are inclined toward amity and fellow-
ship and minds are thoughtful upon the ques-
tion of the unification of mankind. There is
an emanation of the Universal Consciousness
today which clearly indicates the dawn of a
great unity.
In investigation of a subject the right
method of approach is to carefully examine its
premises. Therefore in the examination of
this subject of Human Solidarity let us go
back to the foundation upon which it rests,
namely: that all mankind belong to one fam-
ily,--that all are one progeny of Adam,--all
are servants of the one God,--all have been
created by one is the provider for
all,--God nurtures all,--a1l are submerged in
the Sea of the Mercy and Grace of 
and God is kind to all.
All humankind share in common the in-
tellectual and spiritual faculties of a created
endowment. All are equally subject to the
various exigencies of human life, and are
similarly employed in acquiring the means of
livelihood. In every respect from the
viewpoint of creation all stand upon the same
footing,--all have the same requirernents,--
all are seeking the happiness and comfort of
conditions; that is to say, the' things
they share in common are numerous and
manifest. This very sharing or partnership
in matters intellectual and spiritual is a valid
basis for the unification of mankind.
Consider how for six thousand years dis-
cord and dissension have prevailed in this
great human family. Its members have ever
been engaged in war and bloodshed. Here-
tofore the world of humanity has not attained
nor enjoyed any measure of peace on account
of these conditions of war and strife. Con-
sult history,--you will find a continuous rec-
ord of war brought about by religious, sec-
tarian, patriotic, racial and political causes.
The world of humanity has found no rest.
Men have always been in conflict, engaged in
destroying the foundations of each other, pil-
laging the properties and possessions of each
other and shedding blood, especially in the
earlier periods of savagery when they carried
away as captives the wives and children of
each other. Consider the tremendous losses
of human life which have been the fruit of
this strife. What powers and forces have
been employed in the means of war and ap-
plied to inhuman purposes of conflict and
bloodshed! Now it has become necessary to
divert these energies and utilize them in other
directions; to try the new path of fellowship
and unity i11 this most radiant century. 
have -observed after long trial and experience
the harmfulness of war and dissension. Now
we must seek after the means of procuring
the benefits of unity and peace. Wl16fl such
means are found, We must give them a trial.
Consider the harm which comes to a fam-
ily through discord and dissension. Con-
sider, too, What favors and blessings descend
upon that family when unity exists among its
various members. Likewise reflect what would
descend upon the great human family,--upon
humanity in general if unity were established.
Although the benefits and good results of
unity are clearly manifest and the harm and
ill effects of discord apparent, yet in this
century means are witnessed for assisting
man in the attainment of fellowship and
unity. His Holiness has pro-
vided the means by which discord may be
removed from the human world. He has left
no possibility or means for dissension.
First, He has proclaimed the Oneness of
Mankind and specialized religious teachings
for humanity. The first form of dissension
among mankind arises from religious dif-
ferences. His Holiness has
given full teachings to the world which are
conducive to fellowship and unity in religion.
In past years each religious system has
boasted of its own superiority and excellence,
abasing and scorning the validity of all others.
Each has accounted its own belief as light
and all others as darkness. The various fol-
lowers have considered the world of humanity
to be as two a merciful tree and
the other satanic. They have considered
some of mankind the branches, twigs and
leaves of the merciful tree and others belong-
ing to the tree which is satanic. This
sedition and warfare among the people of

