STAR OF THE WEST 15
right things be discussed. Then will opinions
coincide with Reality; day by day there will
be general development and each meeting be-
come better, more radiant and more spirit-
ual. This attainment is conditioned upon per-
fect unity and agreement. The more you
realize of agreement and love, the more the
Confirmations of God and the help of the
Blessed Perfection will descend to assist you,
May this be a Divine meeting and boundless
bestowals come down upon you. Strive with
heart and very life that day by day agree-
ment and unity may increase. In discussions
look toward the Reality without being self-
opinionated. Let no one assert his own mere
opinion, nay rather, let each investigate the
Reality with the greatest love and agree-
ment. Consult together upon every matter
and when one presents an exposition of
Reality, that shall be acceptable to all. Then
will unity and spirituality increase among
you, your illumination will be greater, your
happiness and joy more abundant and you
will draw nearer and nearer to the Kingdom of
God.
TALK GIVEN BY ABDUL--BAHA AT 309 WEST
78TH ST., New YORK CITY, JUNE I2, 1912.
Notes by Mary J. MacNut1:.
OU are all exceedingly welcome. Do you
I realize how much you should thank God
for His blessings? If you thank God
a thousand times with every breath it is not
sufficient, because God has created and trained
you. He has protected you from every af-
fliction and prepared for you every gift and
bestowal. Consider what a kind Father He
is! He bestows His gift before ask.
We were not in the world of existence, but
as soon as we were born we beheld that He
has prepared everything for our comfort,
without any question on our part. Witliotit
our asking, He has given us a kind
father and a compassionate mother; He
has given us two springs of salubrious
milk; He has given us pure climate; He
has given us water, the gentle breeze waft-
ing over us, the sun shining above our heads.
In brief, He has provided for us all the
necessities of life, although before our birth
these_great gifts.
With pure mercy and bounty He has pre-
pared for us this great table. This is a mercy
which precedes asking, There is another
kind of mercy which is realized after ques-
tioning and supplication. He has bestowed
both mercies upon asking and
with supplication. He has created us in
this radiant century,--a century longed for
and expected by all the sanctified souls in
past periods. It is a blessed century; it is a
blessed day. The philosophers of history
have agreed that this century is equal to fifty
centuries of the past. This is true from every
standpoint. This is the century of science;
this is the century of inventions, discoveries
and universal laws. This is the century of
the revealment of the mysteries of God.
This is the century of the effulgence of the
rays of the Sun of Truth. Therefore, you
must render thanks and glorification to God
that you were born in this age. Furthermore,
you have listened to the call of 
Your nostrils are perfumed with the breezes
of the Paradise of ABHA. You have caught
glimpses of the Light from the horizon of
the Orient. Asleep you were; you are
awakened. Your ears are attentive; your
hearts are informed. You have acquired the
Love of God. You have attained to the
Knowledge of God. This is the most great
bestowal of God. This is the Breath of the
Holy Spirit, and this consists of faith and
assurance. This life eternal is the second
birth; this is the baptism of the Holy Spirit.
God has destined this station for you all.
He has prepared this for you. You must
appreciate the value of this Bounty and en-
gage your time in mentioning and thanking
the True One. You must live in the utmost
happiness. If any trouble or vicissitude
comes into your your heart is de-
pressed on account of health, livelihood or
vocation,--let not these' things affect you.
These things should not cause unhappiness,
for has brought you Divine
happiness. Heavenly food has He prepared
for you; eternal bounty has He destined
for you; everlasting Glory has he bestowed
upon you. Therefore these glad-tidings
should cause you to soar in the atmosphere
of joy forever and ever. You must render
thanks unto God forever, so that the con-
firmations of God may encircle F011 an-
(Continued on page seventeen)

