12 STAR OF
other than man are subjects or captives of
nature. They cannot deviate one hair's
breadth from the postulates of nature. For ex-
ample, the sun, although colossal, is a captive
of nature. It cannot deviate one hair's breadth
from the laws of nature. Likewise, all these
great orbs in this interminable universe are
captives of nature. They cannot deviate one
hair's breadth from the regulations of nature.
This earth of ours, this planet, is subject to
nature.
The mineral kingdom in its entirety is sub-
ject to nature. The vegetable kingdom, with
all its processes of growth, is the captive of
nature. The animal kingdom is the captive
of nature. The elephant, large as it is, with
all its huge body, cannot deviate one hair's
breadth from the institutes of nature. But this
little man, small as he is, with his weak body,
because he is confirmed by the mind, which is
an effulgence of the Divine effulgences, can
break and explode the laws of nature.
For example, according to the rules of
nature, man was destined to be a denizen of
the earth. He was to inhabit only the earth,
but through the application of his mental fac-
ulties he breaks this law, and becomes a bird,
and soars in the-air. He becomes a fish, and
in a submarine investigates the secrets of the
sea; or he builds a fleet and sails over the
breaking laws of nature.
All the sciences and arts which you now
enjoy were once mysteries of nature, and, ac-
cording to the mandates of nature, they should
be hidden and latent. The human intellect
has broken this law and discovered the reali-
ties of objects. It has taken these mysteries
out of the plane of invisibility and has brought
them onto the plane of visibility. It has classi-
fied these laws, this being contrary to the pos-
tulates of nature.
For example, electricity was once one of the
hidden or latent mysteries of nature, and it
would have remained hidden if_the human
intellect had not discovered it. Man has
broken the law of nature, and out of that
invisible treasury has taken this energy and
brought it onto the plane of visibility. Little
man takes such a rebellious force as electric-
ity, and arrests it in an incandescent lamp.
This is extraordinary! It is beyond the ken
of nature. In a few moments the East can
communicate with the West. This is a
miracle! This is beyond the power of nature.
Man takes the voice and arrests it in a' phono-
graph. The voice naturally should be a free
agency, for the law of nature thus demands,
THE WEST
but man takes it and puts it in a box. This is
against nature's laws.
In all the other little things man changes the
ways, and all the other discoveries were mys-
teries of nature. According to Nature's pos-
tulates, they should have remained hidden, but
this human mind, which is the greatest of
Divine effulgences, has verily broken the law
of nature, and is constantly taking out of
Nature's laboratory new and fresh things.
Having such a great bestowal of God, which
is the greatest potency of the world, is it be-
coming of us t-0 remain still like the ferocious
animals, like the wolves fighting each other,
killing each other? This is contrary to the
law of nature, to the world of humanity.
If the animals exercise ferocity, it is simply
for their sustenance, and they are deprived of
the benefit of intellect. They do not reason,
and cannot discriminate between justice and
injustice, and therefore they are excus-
able. But man, when he exercises ferocity,
does not do it for his food or sustenance. He
does it for greed. Then is it becoming that
such a noble creature, with such a delightful
creation, with such a sound mind, with such
lofty thoughts, with all his scientific achieve-
ments, with all these liberal thoughts, with
all the new discoveries, with all 'the great
achievements of the arts, with all the possi-
bilities facing man as to his perceptions becom-
ing keener, as to achieving noble things in
life--for him still to go on to the battle-field,
to spill the blood of his fellow men?
Man in this world is the edifice of God!
He is not ti human edifice. If you destroy an
edifice built by man, the owner of the house
will feel grief indeed, and will feel wrathy
against you. I-low much more it is when man
is destroying an edifice founded by God. Un-
doubtedly does he deserve the wrath of God.
God has created man noble. God has cre-
ated man a dominant factor in creation. He
has specialized manwith particular bestowals;
He has conferred upon him mind; He has
given him perception; He has given him the
faculty of memory, the faculty of discrimina-
tion; He has endowed him with keen percep-
tions, the five senses. With all His good
gifts to man, which were to make him the
manifestation of virtues, which were to make
him as a radiant candle, which were to make
him a source of life, which were to make
him an agency of constructivem-:ss--shall we
now destroy this great edifice of God? Shall
we destroy to its very foundation, this great
body-social or politic?

