STAR OF THE WEST 7
The names of Israelitish prophets became
household names everywhere. All the nations
of the world believed on this, that the Chil-
dren of Israel were verily the chosen people
of God, and that that nation was a holy
nation, that the blessing of God attended that
nation, and that all the prophets of God
which had issued therefrom were the dawning
points of Divine Inspiration, were the day-
springs of revelation, and each one of them
glistened like unto a star.
Hence His Holiness Christ really promul-
gated Iudaismwas not against Jews. He did not deny the
prophetic validity of Moses. Nay, he rather
promoted it. He did not efface the Taurat.
Nay rather He promulgated it. At most it
comes to this: that the portion of that dis-
pensation which had to do with transactions,
that underwent change, and that is not im-
portant, but the essential teaching of Moses-
Christ did promulgate virtually. He did not
leave anything undone.
Likewise with the superlative power and
the efficacious Word of God, He gathered
together most of the nations of the East and
West. This was achieved at a time when
these nations were in the utmost contention
and strife. He ushered all of them beneath
the overshadowing tent of the oneness of
humanity. He educated them in such wise as
to be united and agreed, even as the Roman,
the Greek, the Chaldean, the Assyrian and the
Egyptian nations were perfectly blended to-
gether, and the heavenly civilization was the
result. Now this efficacy of the \/Vord and
heavenly power which are extraordinary, un-
doubtedly prove conclusively the validity of
His Holiness Christ. Consider how His
heavenly sovereignty is yet permanent and
lasting. Verily, this is conclusive proof and
manifest evidence.
Then We see, appearing from another
horizon, the prophet of 
Perchance you do not know that the first
address of Mohammed to his tribe Was this
statement: "Moses verily was a Prophet of
God, and the Taurat is a book of God. Verily,
ye people, ye must believe in the Taurat,
and in Moses and the prophets. Ye must
accept all the lsraelitish prophets as valid."
In the Koran, the Mohammedan Bible, there
are seven statements--in fact seven repetitions
of the Mosaic episode, and in all the historic
sketches Moses is praised.
Mohammed states that His Holiness Moses
was the greatest prophet of God; that God
guided Him in the Sahara or wilderness of
Terah; that through the light of guidance
Moses harkened to the summons of God; that
He proved to be the interlocutor of God; that
he was the bearer of the tablet of the ten com-
mandments; that all the contemporaneous na-
tions of the world arose against Him; that
eventually Moses conquered all of them, be-
cause falsehood is ever defeated by truth.
There are many instances of this kind by
Mohammed. I am citing just a few.
Consider that His Holiness Mohammed was
born among the savage and barbarous nations
of Arabia, lived amongst them, and outwardly
was. illiterate and uninformed of the holy
books of God.
The Arabian nations were in the utmost
state of ignorance and barbarism, to the extent
that they buried their daughters alive. hey
considered this to be the utmost valor and
sublimity of nature. They lived under the
Persian and Roman governments in the
utmost captivity and bondage. They were
scattered throughout the Arabian desert, sub-
ject to continuous strife and bloodshed.
When the light of Mohammed dawned, the
darkness of ignorance was dispelled from the
Arabian desert. Those barbarous nations in
a short space of time reached a superlative
degree of civilization, even as their civilization
extended to Spain and was established in
Baghdad whence it was transplanted to Eu-
rope.
What proof is there concerning his Prophet-
hood greater than this, unless a man should
close his eyes to justice and appear obstinately
unfair?
And now the Christians are believers in
Moses. They believe that he was a prophet
of God and they commend him most highly.
The Mohammedans are believers in Moses,
praising him most highly, proving the validity
of Moses, and likewise believing in His Holi-
ness Christ and praising Him highly.
Is it harm which has come to these nations,
namely Christians and Mohammedans be-
cause they have admitted the validity of Moses
and have accepted Him? No; on the con-
trary it proves that they have been fair-minded
to that extent.
Then what harm is there that the Jewish
nation should in turn now praise His Holiness
Christ, also praise His Holiness Mohammed,
(Continued on page ten)

