STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
riff Enterediasrs*econd--cIass matter April 9, l91l, at the post oflice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3. 1879- i
ALBERT R. BUIKEMA
Persian Editor--M1RzA AHMAD Solman, 509 McLach1en B1dg.,Washington. D. C.. U. S. A.
Associate Edit0r--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI, Chicago i 7
TERMS: $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Nnte-- Until further notice. distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P, O. Box 283, Chica20. Ill.' U. S. A.
To personal checks please add suflicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI News SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Qhicago, U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
than Star of the West! HE Is cop! 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! S110-uldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become -the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the wavespf the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be and become World-widefiand at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
fi es: I
(Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA Amms.
Vol. ill H: Chicago (April 9, 1912) Jalal No;
SPECIAL:
A report that Abdul-Baha and suite
sailed from Alexandria, Egypt, March 25th
on the White Star Line S. S. "Cedric",
due to arrive in New York City, April 10th,
has been confirmed.
Plans are being made by some of the
assemblies to send wireless messages of
greeting and good-will to him as soon as
the vessel comes into the zone of communi-
cation from the shore stations. On behalf
of all the friends the Star Of the West
sends the following: "Welcome! Welcome!
Welcome!"
The eyes of the Bahai World are now
centered upon this notable event of' the visit
of Abdul--Baha to America. The Star Of
the West will endeavor to give as com-
plete an account of his sojourn in the West
as its limited space will permit.
CONTENTS OF PERSIAN SECTION:
(1) Abdul-Baha nearing America; (2) Tab-
lets to some of the friends in America; (3)
poem by the great Persian Poet, Hazrate An-
dalih--nightingale; (4) Tablet revealed by
calling for a messenger to de-
liver His Message to the Shah of Persia; (5)
photograph and a portion of the life history
of the one who responded to the call, Ienabe
Badie, and delivered the Message to the Shah.
He was martyred with excruciating torture;
the other men in the picture are his jailers
and executioners.
OUTLINE OF TI-IE BAI-IAI CALENDAR.
The Bahai year begins on March 21st, and is di-
vided into 19 months of I9 days each, plus 4 (or 5
every fourth year) intercalary 26th
to March Ist, inclusive.
The first day of each Bahai month falls as follows:
MONTH NAME FIRST DAYS
Ist . . . . . . . . .
. .Baha' (Splendor..MarJalal (Glory.Apr. 9
31"Jamal (BeautyApr.Azamat (Grandeur.Nur (LightJune .Rahmat (Mercy.]'une 24.Kalan1at (WordsJuly Asma (Names.Aug..Karnal (Perfection.Aug. 20
ioth . . . . . . . . .
..Eizzat (Might..Sept1)/Iasheyat (Will.Sep't. 27
12th.. .. . . .Elm (KnowledgeOct. I6
4
14th-. . . . .. .Kow1 (Speech.Nov. 23
15th . . . . . . . . .
. (Questions.Dec. 12
16th . . . . . . . . .
. .Sharaf (Honor.DecSultan (Sovereignty._Tan. 19
18th . . . . - . . . -
- . Mulk (Dominion.Feb. 7
19th . . . . . . . . .
. .lOla (Loftiness.Mar. 2
(ll/Ionth of fasting.)
The following days and seasons are observed by
the Bahais:
The Feast of Bahai New Year-March

The Feast of 
the Declaration of in the Garden of El
Rizwan in Bagdad, April zrst, I863. This season of
feasting lasts twelve days--April 2151: to May 2nd, in-
clusive. The first, nintli and twelfth days (April
zist, April 28th and May znd) are especially cele-
brated. 
The Annitrersary of the Declaration of the 
23rd. (1844),
The of the Departure of 
May 28th. (1892).
The An-nit/ersai-y of the of the BAB-
Iuly gth. (I850).
The of the Birth of 
vember 12th. (Born in Nur, Persia, I817.)
The Feast of the Appointment of the Center of
the 26th.
Intercalary which hospitalities are
extended to friends, the poor and the needy--Febru-
ary 26th to March 1st, inclusive.
The Maizih of the and to 20th, inclus-
during which no manner of food or drink is
to be taken between sunrise and sunset. The nights
are to be passed awake and in prayer. Fasting is en-
joined upon every one. Children, travelers, sick and
infirm people, pregnant Women and nursing mothers
are free from this obligation.

