STAR OF THE WEST 13
creative wisdom and has Divine intention. Yet
whether the creatures be all alike or all
different should not be the occasion of strife
and quarreling among them. VVhy then should
the human creature, man, find cause for dis-
cord in the color or race of his fellow--crea-
ture? No educated or illumined mind will
allow that this differentiation and discord
should exist or that there is any ground for it.
"The whites should likewise be kind and
just to the colored people.
"Thus will the world of humanity become
like one great flower garden, variegated and
multi-colored,--each rivaling the other only
in the virtues and graces which are spiritual."
TALK GIVEN BY ABIDUL--BAI-IA AT 780 \/Vssr
END AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY (HOME or
M12. AND Mas. E. B. Kmivav), MAY "29,
I912.
Notes by Howard MacNutt.
HE Divine Manifestations have been
I iconoclastic in their teachings. Each of
them has summoned mankind anew to
the fundamental Oneness of God. Each one
has proclaimed the Oneness of Humanity.
The essential teaching of His Holiness Moses
was the Law of Sinai,--the Ten Command-
ments. In His Holiness Christ were again
revealed the commands of the One God and
precepts of human action. In His Holiness
Mohammed, although the circle was larger,
the intention of His teaching was to uplift
and unify humanity in the knowledge of the
One God. In His Holiness the Bab the
circle was again very much enlarged, but
the essential teaching was the same. The
Books of His Holiness number
more than one hundred. Each one is an evi-
dent proof; each one is suficient for man-
kind; each one from foundation to apex
proclaims the essential Unity of God and
humanity, the Love of God, abolition of war
and the Divine standard of peace. Each one
also inculcates Divine morality, the manifesta-
tion of lordly graces every word a book
of meanings. For the Word of God is col-
lective Wisdoin, absolute Knowledge and cer-
tain Truth.
Consider in the Gospels the statement re-
corded in the first chapter of the Book of
John: "In the beginning was the Word, and
the Word was with God, and the was
God." This is a brief statement, but replete
with greatest meanings. Its applications are
illimitable and beyond the power of books or
words to contain and express. Heretofore
the doctors of theology have not expounded
it, but have restricted it to Jesus as "The Woi'd
made flesh," the separation of Jesus from
God the Father, and His descent upon the
earth. In this way the individualized separa-
tion of the Godhead came to be taught.
The essential Oneness of Father, Son and
Spirit has many meanings and constitutes the
foundation of Christianity. Today we will
merely give a synopsis of explanation. 'Nhy
was Jesus the Word? In the universe of
creation, all phenomenal beings are as letters.
Letters in themselves are meaningless and
express nothing of thought or ideas, as for
instance, etc. Likewise all phe-
nomenal beings are without independent mean-
ing. But a word is composed of letters and
has independent sense and meaning. There-
fore as Christ conveyed the perfect meaning
of Divine Reality and embodied independent
significance, He was the I/Vord. He was as
the station of Reality compared to the station
of metaphor. There is no intrinsic meaning
to the leaves of a book, but the thought they
convey leads you to reflect upon the reality.
The Reality of jesus was the perfect mean-
ing--the Christhood stationed in Him, which
in the Holy Books is symbolized as the
VVord.
"The W01-d was with God." The Christ-
hood means not the body of Iesus, but the
perfection of Divine virtues manifest in Him.
Therefore it is written, "He is God." This
does not imply separation from God,--just as
it is not possible to separate the rays of the
sun from the sun. The Reality of Christ was
the embodiment of Divine virtues and attri-
butes of God. For in Divinity there is no
duality. All adjectives, nouns and pronouns
in that Court of Sanctity are one; there is no
multiplicity or division. The intention of this
explanation is to show that the V\7ords of God
have innumerable significances and mysteries
of meanings; --each one a thousand and more.
The Tablets of are many; the
precepts and teachings they. contain are uni-
versal, covering every subject. He has re-
vealed scientific explanations ranging through-
out all the realms of human inquiry--astron-
omypbiology, medicine, etc., etc. I11 I{itab--el-
Ighan He has given expositions of the mean-
ings of the Gospel and other Heavenly Books.
He wrote tablets upon civilization,
sociology and government. Every subject is
considered. They are matchless in beauty and
profundity. Even His enemies acknowledge

