6 STAR OF THE WEST
in all regions. Thus may all people become the
manifestation of oneness, and by becoming as
one being, may they become one family and Ob-
tain the bounty everlasting; may the doors of
the Kingdom be opened from all directions and
praise the Name of ABHA in all regions."
INTERVIEW BETWEEN A PROMINENT RABBI AND ABDUL-BAHA
ENTERING the room the Rabbi saluted,
which was answered by Abdul-Baha in
like manner.
Abdul-Baha: "You are most welcome
Rabbi."
Rabbi: have long desired to meet you."
Abdul-Baha: "Very good; very good."
Rabbi: "Your address yesterday was ex-
cellent. I have had the pleasure of hearing
you upon two other occasions, but your ad-
dress of yesterday had an extraordinary uni-
versality. You have very clearly estab-lished
the teachings of brotherhood but I am afraid
that although your principles are very lofty
they will not be accepted by all the religion-
ists and the Workers for peace."
Abdul-Baha: "Reality will always be vic-
tori-ous. No one can stand before the on-
ward march of reality. The phenomenal is
always conquered by' the eternal. All the con-
tingent beings are defeated by the will of
heaven. One small Arabian boy can lead two
thousand camels in the Sahara. One intelli-
gent Hindoo b-oy can conquer an elephant."
Rabbi: "It is true. In the Bible we have
the statement that little child shall lead
them.' 
Abdul-Baha: "Truth will always be victor-
ious; therefore it does not know defeat but
the people of reality must exert great' effort,
and if the people of reality neglect to display
this effort that 'is another matter. The
people of reality must demonstrate their Will-
ingness in this direction. They must realize
that the greatest reality of this age is the one-
ness of the human world. They must forget
traditions and imitations of the past. For in-
stance, if we look upon the Catholic religion
we see that they believe that an important part
is the transubstantiation; that is, the change
of the bread and wine into the body of Christ.
If we ponder a little we realize that this -is a
non-essential. It is imitation and the reverse
of reality.
"Again, if we look at the I-Iindoos we see
that they have made images and worship
them as deities, and they have eight million
such deities in their temples. It is evident
that these are superstitions and imaginations.
They worship the cow, the stone, the water
and the forces of nature--all these are imita-
tions of the past and they have no foundation
whatever."
Rabbi: "Do you then regard the transub-
stantiation as being on the same ground as
the worshipping of idols 
Abdul-Baha: "All these are imitations.
They have no reality. As these are the oppo-
site of realities, therefore they have no foun-
dation. Everything that keeps man away
from God, is an idol. Everything which de-
tracts man's attention fr-om God is an idol, no
matter what it is."
Rabbi: "Then every channel between God
and His creature is an idol?"
Abdul-Baha: "Consider, let us not bind
ourselves with imitations. Let us study the
condition of the Jews for a moment. When
they were in Egypt they were captives; they
were poor; they were prisoners in the hand of
Pharaoh; they were ignored; they were a de-
pendent people, they were surrounded by all
kinds of troubles and vicissitudes; the people
looked do-wn upon them; they were considered
as outcasts. Then Moses came. He gathered
them together; inspired them with the power
of unity; imparted to them new life; taught
them the laws of God encouraging them
in the morals and virtues of humanity;
delivered them from the hand of Pha-
roah; freed them from the bondage of
captivity; educated them, trained them and
carried them away from the land of darkness
into the holy of holies of light. Their power
w'as increased; their majesty became reful-
gent; their fame was spread throughout the
world, until they were enabled to found the
$olomonic sovereignty. In philosophy and art
they attained such heights that the philoso-
phers of Greece and Rome travelled long dis-
tances to learn from them. Now is it pos-
sible to say that to revere and respect these
souls is equivalent to the worshipping of idols?
We must respect Moses because he achieved
a work which no one else could do. It is an
evident fact that His Holiness Moses was a

