relegate man to nature? How can we answer
this question? How will these materialists,
these scholastic atheists treat such statements?
As a matter of fact they themselves break the
laws of nature. Therefore it is proved that
in man there is a power beyond nature;
through which power man is nobler than
that power is the bestowal of
God.
But having come to New York, I find that
the people are more endowed with spiritual
susceptibilities; they are not mere captives of
nature; they are rising out of the burden of
captivity. For this reason I am very happy,
and hopeful that, God willing, in this country
which is so well peopled,--in this vast continent
of the globe, the virtues of the world of human-
ity shall become resplendent, that the oneness
of human World power, the love of God, may
spread through the hearts; and that inter-
national peace may hoist its banner, influencing
all other regions from here. This is my hope.
INTERVIEW or W. H. SHORT, N. Y. PEACE
Soc1E'ry AND HUDSON MAXIM WITH ABDUL-
BAHA AT ANSONIA, NEW CITY,
APRIL I5TI-I, 1912.
Notes by Howard MacNutt.
INTERVIEW WITH MR. W. H. SHORT.
BDUL--BAI-IA: "You are very welcome;
A I am most happy to greet you. I have
looked forward with much pleasure to
this meeting. Welcome! Welcome!"
Mr. Short: "It gives me great happiness
indeed to meet Abdul-Baha. I too have
looked forward to this meeting. The New York
Peace Society extends him greetings and wel-
come to our city and our country."
A. B. "You are indeed a servant to hu-
manity. A servant to humanity is a servant
to God. Your mission is a high, holy and sanc-
tified one; there could be no greater, no holier
mission than that of bringing peace to this
warring world. Therefore I have waited for
you with the greatest longing.
"In this day the majority of mankind are
endeavoring to destroy the foundations of the
happiness of the world. How many are en-
gaged in the invention of means for the de-
struction of human kind; how many are em-
ployed in the science and practice of war; how
many are occupied in various kinds of strife
and antagonism; how many stand ready to
shed the blood of innocent men, their brothers!
So it is that history is blackened with this
record of human intention and accomplish-
ment. Every hour war is threatened upon
4- STAR OF THE WEST
some new pretext; today patriotism is its
basis, tomorrow religious prejudice, racial
egotism, territorial greed, commercial selfish-
matters 'little what the excuse
may be--blood is shed and human beings torn
to pieces upon battlefields. Political interests
clash; a. great war follows; sadness, gloom and
cruelty envelop the World.
"But you are encleavoring to uplift the
standard of peace in the world. You must
continue to work until the world is released
from these prejudices which are bringing about
such inhuman conditions. For the clouds of
war will surely vanish from the horizons.
There is no doubt that your work is the great-
est work and its outcome certain."
Mr. S. "All the members of the New York
Peace Society feel the truth and inspiration
of what you have said."
A. B. "You must rest assured and let there
be no traces of doubt in your souls that God
is your Assister and Helper. The Heavenly
confirmations will descend upon you more and
more. God will protect you and give you new
strength continually. Your world-motives will
conquer the world of men; all obstacles will
disappear before you_r advance; no 
power can resist the onrushing power of Peace.
For this power is assisted by the Power of God
and that which is divinely assisted must pre-
vail. Consider how the Cause of Christ was
confirmed. How many resisted it! What
mountains of obstacles were raised against it!
What hostile forces sought to destroy its foun-
dations! Yet the kings and emperors of the
world could not resist its spread and estab-
lishment. No power of earth can withstand
the onflow of the Spirit of Truth. If 
kings and kingdoms come in its way, it will
conquer and they will be overthrown, always.
For your cause is Truth itself and Truth is
Omnipotent. If all nations arise to prevent,
they will be vanquished and you will be vic-
torious. [Visitor much impressed.] You are a
servant of God, not a servant of this world.
A servant of God is he who gives some benefit
to the world of man."
Mr. S. "We belong to a race [Anglo Saxon]
which has wielded the power of oppression. We
have been the oppressor, not the oppressed. The
whole matter of World Peace presents a dif-
ferent aspect to the western mind.
"Justice, human rights and religion are con-
trolling motives of the men of the New York
Peace Society. We must confess that hitherto
Americans have not felt the welfare of Eastern
countries to be as important as the develop-

