STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post oflicc at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of arch 3, 1879.
ALBERT R. BUIKEMA
Associate .Edit0r--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI, Chicago
TERMS: $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Not: -- Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE. P. O. Box 283, Chicago, U, i A.
To personal checks please add suficient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI SERVICE, P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! ms Is con! 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small' and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the wavespf the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become at last
thou sh-tilt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend uD01'l fi""m8-Y8, 
firnmessf
(S-igned) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Vol. Ill Chicago (December 12, 1912) No. 15
APPALLING DISEASE OF
MANKIND TODAY, AND ITS REM-
EDY:
Quotations from the Addresses of Abdul-

"You see what is happening in the Balkans!
How human blood is being shed! How little
children are torn to pieces! How men's prop-
ertics are pilaged! How cities and towns are
sacked! It is a world fire that is
astir in the Balkan-s!"
"Until the Holy Spirit becomes effective, in-
terpenetrating the hearts and spirits, and until
perfect reasonable faith shall obtain in the
minds of men, it is impossible for the social
body to be inspired with security and confi-
dence. Nay, on the contrary, day by day
enmity and strife shall increase among men
and the differences and divergences of the
nations shall augment; day by day additions
to armies and navies of the World shall be
made, and great is the fear of the great pau-
dzmic war the war in 
"For six thousand years ye have been con-
tending and Warring. Enough of that! Now
is the time for unity. You should lay aside
self-purposes and know ye for a certainty that
all mankind are the servants bound together."
Comment is unnecessary.
The Editors.
THE QF THE IN CHICAGO.
(Continued from page seven)
accord, binding together the hearts of the
various religions and uniting the divergent
peoplcs--the world of humanity shall attain to
peace and composure and the will and good
pleasure of God shall be executed and the
world of men shall become a. veritable world
of angels. Souls shall be educated, vice shall
be dispelled and the virtues of the world of
humanity shall take their place; irreligion shall
pass away and religion shall be strengthened,
proving the bond to bind together the hearts
of men.
In the world of existence there are various
bonds which unite the hearts, but none of
these bonds are efficient. For instance, the
first and foremost bond is the family bond,
but this bond is not effective, for how often
it happens that in some families divergence
and difference obtains. A patriotic bond may
be the ineans of amity and fellowship; but the
oneness of nativity will not suffice, for if We
regard history, we shall find that the inhabit-
ants of the same nativity have often waged
war against each other. In civil strife how
often they have shed the blood of each other;
how often they have pillagcd the property of
each other! Hence, it becomes evident that
the oneness of nativity is not sufficient. An-
other means of amity is the racial oneness.
How often we have seen that men of the same
race have engaged in the severest strife against
each other. They have spilled the blood of
each other; they have laid waste their coun-
try--which proves that the oneness of nativity

