14 STAR OF
lived and taught in one small country, never
getting far away from the place of their na-
tivity. In the case of Moses, who led the
children of Israel up out of Egypt to Canaan,
a notable journey in its day, would be a slight
migration in the modern sense of people accus-
tomed to traverse -the globe. Our Savior lived
and taught only in Palestine. Yet with all the
differences which come in the stretch of two
thousand years, one feels in the presence of
Abdul-Baha that he is a living embodiment of
the old patriachs and prophets. He has accom-
plished a great journey from the far East to
the far West. Yet he was known before he
came, and he will be long remembered.
In connection with these discourses, the
wonderful skill and felicitous expression of the
translater, Dr. Ameen Ullah Fareed, should
not go unrecognized. To his ready learning is
indebted the ability to fully appreciate the
beauties of the discourses. They have been
THE WEST
faithfully transcribed by the stenographer, Miss
Bijou Straun.
The day, according to the wisdom of Solo-
mon, is divided into three parts, whereof a
part is for labor, a part for refreshment, and
a part for repose. As fitting to follow the
labor of a busy day, the company and a few
guests enjoyed the hospitality of Mrs. I. C.
Merriman at the home of her daughter on
Waverley street. An evening of profitable and
delightful discussion of the Bahai movement
was followed by the serving of a sumptuous
dinner at which all the appointments of re-
finement and good taste pervaded. Mrs. Merri-
man has taken a deep interest in the work of
true benevolence best typified in the teachings
of this universal religion and it was a pleasure
to gather around her hospitable board on this
occasion. The company remained over night
and the next morning returned to San Fran-
CISCO.
ABDUL-BAHA AT THE GRAVE OF THORNTON CHASE.
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA, OCTOBER 19,1912.
BDUL--BAHA, in speaking of Mr. Chase,
A told the friends in San Francisco and
Los Angeles to annually visit the grave
of Mr. Chase, to pray and have a meeting
there and detail his earnest endeavors, serv-
ice and great love for the Cause. Abdul-
Baha said that Mr. Chase's station was not
known while he was alive but in the future
years it will be known. Among the friends
are many whose stations are not known while
alive, but after their death, in the course of
time their station becomes manifest. Annually
the friends will visit the grave of Mr. Chase
on the day Abdul--Baha visited it.
Upon our arrival in San Francisco, Oct. 4,
I9I2, when one of the Bahais gave the news of
the departure of Mr. Chase, Abdul-Baha said:
"This revered personage was the first Bahai
in America. He served the Cause faithfully
and his services will ever be remembered
throughout future ages and cycles. He has
written many books in this Cause and they
will be studied carefully by the coming genera-
tions. He traveled once to Acca and there we
associated with each other for several days.
Indeed he became free from the troubles of
this world. No matter how long he might
have remained here, he would have met noth-
ing else but trouble. The purpose of life is to
get certain results; that is, the life of man
must bring forth certain fruitage. It does not
depend upon the length of life. As soon as
the life is crowned with fruition then it is
completed, although that person may have had
a short life. There are certain trees which
come to fruition very quickly, but there are
other trees which attain to fruition very late;
the aim is fruit. If the tree brings forth its
fruit young, its life is short; it is praiseworthy.
How regretful it is that a man may live a
long life and yet his life may not be crowned
with success, like unto the cypress tree which
does not give any fruitage. Praise be to
God! the tree of Mr. Chase's life brought
forth fruit. It gave complete fruit, therefore
he is free. He attained to eternal rest. He is
now in the Presence of His
Holiness Jesus Christ lived only thirty-three
years, but the world is filled with the fruits of
his life. Others have lived a hundred years,
with no result and no fruitage from their lives.
There was a rabbi in Tiberius who lived 120
years, but the tree of his life was fruitless.
He had great enmity against Iesus Christ. He
often used to argue: 'The ephemeral life is
subject to many trials and vicissitudes; there
is no enjoyment in it.' The life of Mr. Chase
was spiritual in character; his services will
ever he remembered and he has already at-
tained to the desire of his heart."
On Saturday, Oct. 19th, at I p. Abdul-
Baha a11d about twenty-five Bahais of Los

