"His Holiness Jesus Christ came to this
World that the people might have through
Him! the civilization of heaven, a spirit of
oneness with God. He came to breathe the
spirit i11 the body of the world. There must
be a oneness in the world of humanity. Wlieii
this takes place then will we have the 'Most
Great Peace.'
"T-o-day the body-politic needs the oneness
of the world and universal peace. But they
require a certain propelling power to- spread
the feeling and to- firmly plant it in the minds
of men.
"It is self-evident that spiritual civilization
cannot be accomplished through material
means, for the interests of the various na-
tions differ. It is evident that it cannot be
accomplished through patriotisml, for countries
differ in their ideas of patriotism. It is im-'
possible save through spiritual power. Com-
pared with this all other means are too Weak
to bring about universal peace.
"Man has two wings--his material develop-
ment and power, and his spiritual understand-
ing and achievements. With one w'ing alone
6 STAR OF THE WEST
he cannot fly; two wings are necessary. There-
fore, no matter how the material civilization
advances, without the other great things can-
not be accomplished. We must try with all
the material power to help the spiritual power.
Humanity, generally speaking, is immersed in
a sea of materiality.
in Persia, founded the spir-
itual civilization, and made a bond among va-
ri-ous peoples of different races that voiced
the doctrine of Universal Peace. Sixty years
ago- he sent epistles to the kings, the rulers of
the world, to join>> him in peace. Now, I find
a strong movement for universal peace ema-
nating from America. It is 1ny hope that here
in the Occident the foundation of this new
solidarity may be strengthened and that the
Orient and the Occident will be cemented to-
gether; that there may be a real unity, so that
this world may at last find peace. May the
hearts of men become as brothers."
At the conclusion of the remainder of the
regular service, following the sermon, Abdul-
Baha offered a prayer in Persian, standing at
the altar and facing the East.
ABDUL-BAHA IN WASHINGTON, D. C.
BY Josnrn H. HANNEN.
HE hearts of the friends in Washington
were gladdened and their souls refreshed
by the presence of Abdul-Baha from Sat-
urday, April 20th, to Sunday, April 28th, in-
clusive. Words are inadequate to- describe the
jo-y imparted by this visit, nor can one yet
realize all it has m-eant to us. Time Will tell,
as the seed germinates and develops into the
plant, reproducing itself in turn until from
each tiny life-germ there shall come into- exist-
ence a rose garden, which touching another,
and that in turn still others, shall transform
the world into the garden of Paradise!
Days of Waiting were rewarded whenSaturday, April 20th, Abdul-Baha
reached Washington on the Rail-
road. In accordance with his expressed desire,
there -was no notice given of the hour of his
arrival, and no delegation to meet him. The
arrival was as simple as the Guest, and yet as
memorable to those who were privileged to
witness it, as the majestic simplicity of Abdul-
Bahal The train was just on time. Among
the usual crowd of travellers there was a
quaint note lent by the party of Orientals, in
the midst of whom, cool, collected and ever
the Master of the situation, Abdul-Baha was
seen. Quietly he passed through the gates,
stopping at the threshold to greet the children
of Mirza Ali Kuli Khan. The admonition of
the guard to "pass along--don't block the
passage," disturbed the Servant of God not at
all--nor was it repeated, it might be added.
Besides the Charge d'Affaires of Persia, his
family and the Secretary of the Legation, there
were present the President, the Treasurer and
the Secretary of the Persian-American Educa-
tional Society, with a few of the friends who
happened to be at the station at the time.
After greeting the children most affectionately,
Abdul--Baha Walked with Mirza Ali Kuli Khan,
--the other members of his party following-
to the automobile section of the Union Station,
where the car of Mrs. Barney-Hemmiclc was
waiting. On the way, the first words spoken
were to the effect that America is greater than
Europe. Mizra Ali Kuli Khan, to whom these
words were addressed, replied that America
was only awaiting his coming.
a Accompanied by Dr, Fareed, Abdul-Baha
was driven at once to the home of Mr. and
Mrs. A. I. Parsons, 18th and Streets,

