4 STAR OF THE WEST
happy? All right!" And then the party ad-
dressed laughed because he laughed.
I-Iow the people loved him!
96 
The day of his farewell address in Dublin,
N. H., the people were so moved that many
eyes were wet with tears. They could not
bear to see him go away. When some of
the friends expressed their sorrow he said:
"The ma1'm'e wisdom 1'eqm'i'es this. I must
go et'e2'yw/zei/e and raise the call of the King-
dom. As the days of my life are limited in
this world, I must perfect my services,' I must
go e'z'ei'yt0/tere and raise the of the
He uttered these With a
countenance shining with the splendor of God
and with such spiritual condition that all wept
like children.
He is indeed the Master!
ADDRESS BY ABDUL-BAHA AT THE 
GREEN ACRE, MAINE, AUGUST 18, 1912.
Interpreted by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed; stenographic notes by Miss Edna McKinney.
THE worlds of God are in perfect har-
mony and correspondence one with an-
other. Each world in this limitless uni-
verse is as it were a mirror reflecting the his-
tory and nature of all the rest. The physical
universe is likewise in perfect correspondence
with the spiritual or Divine realm. The world
ot matter is an outer expression or tac-simile
of the inner kingdom of spirit. The world
of minds corresponds with the world of hearts.
If we look reflectively upon the material
world we realize that all outer phenomena are
dependent upon the sun. Without the sun
the phenomenal world would be in a state of
utter darkness and devoid of lite. All 
creation whether mineral, vegetable, animal
or human is dependent upon the heat, light
and splendor of the great central solar body
tor training and development. \/Vere it not
for the solar heat and sunlight no minerals
would have been formed, no vegetable, animal
and human organisms would or could have
become existent. It is clearly evident there-
fore that the sun is the source of lite to all
and outer phenomena.
In the inner world,--the world of the King-
dom,--tl1e Sun of Reality is the trainer and
educator ot minds, souls and spirits. Were it
not for the effulgent rays of the Sun of
Reality, minds, souls and spirits would be
deprived of growth and development, nay
rather they would be non-existent. For just
as the physical sun is the trainer of all outer
and phenomenal forms of being through the
radiation of its light' and heat, so the radiation
oi the light and heat of the Sun of Reality
gives growth, education and evolution to
minds, Souls and spirits toward the station of
perfection.
His Holiness Christ was the Sun of Reality
which shone from the heavenly horizon of
Christianity, training, protecting, confirming
minds, souls and spirits until they came into
harmony with the Divine Kingdom and at-
tained capacity tor descent oi the infinite
Bounties of God. Were it not for the appear-
ance of His Splendor they would have re-
mained in the darkness of imperfection and
remoteness from God. But because that Sun
of Reality shone forth and flooded Its light
into the world of minds, souls and spirits, they
became radiant. He conferred a new and
eternal lite upon them.
When the prenomenal sun appears from the
Vernal point of dawning in the zodiac, a won-
drous and vibrant commotion is set up in the
body of the world. The withered trees
are quickened with animation, the black soil
becomes verdant with new growth, fresh and
fragrant flowers bloom, the world of dust is
refreshed, renewed lite forces surge through
the veins of every animate being and a new
springtime carpets the meadows, plains, moun-
tains and valleys with wondrous forms of life.
That which was dead and desolate is revived
and which was withered,
faded and stricken is transformed by the spirit
of a new creation. In the same way the Sun
of Reality, when It illumines the horizon of
the inner world, animates, vivifies and quickens
with a divine and wonderful power. The
trees of human minds clothe themselves in
new and verdant robes, putting on leaves and
blossoms and bearing spiritual fruits of the
heavenly glad-tidings. Then fragrant flowers
of inner significances appear from the soil of
human souls and the whole being of man
awakens to a new and Divine activity. This is
the growth and development of the inner
world through the effulgent Light of Divine
Guidance and the heat of the Fire of the
Love of God.

