STAR OF THE ZVEST 21
Prayer.
Thou Merciful God! Thou Mighty
and Powerful! Thou Most Kind Father!
These servants have gathered together to turn
to Thee; are supplicating to Thy Threshold,
desiring Thy Endless Bounties from Thy
great assurance. They have no purpose save
Thy good pleasure. They have no intention
save service to the world of humanity. O,
God, make this assemblage radiant! Make
the hearts merciful. Confer the Bounties of
the Holy Spirit. Endow them with a power
from Heaven. Bless them with minds heaven-
ly. Give them a great might. So that with
all sincerity and all humility may they turn
to Thy Kingdom and become occupied with
the service of the world of humanity. May
each one become a radiant candle. May each
one become a bright star. May each one be-
come beautiful in color and fragrant in the
Kingdom of God. O, Kind Fatler, confer
Thy Blessings! Consider not our shortcom-
ings. Shelter us under Thy Protection. Con-
sider not our sins. Treat us with Thy Mercy.
We are weak; thou art mighty. We are poor;
Thou art rich. We are sick; Thou art the
physician. We are indigent; Thou art most
lenient, God! Endow us with Thy
Providence. Thou art the Powerful. Thou
art the Giver and Thou art the Beneficent!
or ABDUL-BAHA AT THE Home or
MRS. DYER, APRIL 24, 1912, 9 P. 
evening is very good. This evening
is in reality very good. l/Vhen a man
looks at a meeting like this, he is remind-
ed of the gathering together of pearls and
rubies, diamonds and sapphires p-ut together.
I-low' beautiful! How delightful! It is most
beautiful. It is a source of joy. Whatsoever
is conducive to the unity of the world of men,
is most acceptable and most praiseworthy.
And whatsoever is the cause of discord in the
world of humanity is Consider
what unity and accord mean.
I wish to speak of a subject to you. A sub-
ject of philosophic type. Hence I invite your
closest attention for its consideration. You
have heard of existence and non-existence, life
and death. Existence is an expression of
composition and combination. Non--eXistence
is an expression of division. Observe any of
the expressions of genesis. You will find
*T1'anslat-ed by Dr. Ame-en U. Fareed and taken
stenographically by Ioseph H. Hannen.
out that all created beings are the result of
composition. These elements have appeared
in endless shapes and infinite forms. Every
compound has become a being. Every form
of affinity has become an object. For ex-
ample, we have in the human organism simply
an aggregation of cellular elements. We
have in the tree an aggregate of plant cells.
We find in the animal organism simply an
aggregation of animal elements or cells.
Hence it is proved that existence or the
expression of being is naught else but an
aggregate presentation of cellular elements,
and death or non-existence signifies simply
decomposition or division and disintegration.
When elements have come together in a com-
posite state we have as a result the human
organism. When these elements separate, man
is dead. Consequently it is a self-evident
statement that life is simply a composition
and that death is naught but decomposition.
Let me repeat: Certain cellular elements
came together, a unity was the result and out
of that unity we have the tree formation. Life
was conferred thereby. 'When these elements
separate decomposition takes place, they dis-
integrate, then we have what spectacle
of death. Therefore it is proved that fellow-
ship, which is an expression of composition,
is conducive to life. Whereas discord, which
is an expression of decomposition, is in--
dicative of death or non-existence. Therefore
the body politic, the more it shall be cohesive,
the greater will be the life element. The
greater discord the more quickly will decom-
position set in. Ferocious animals have no
fellowship. They live solitary. Even vultures
or vulturous birds are solitary; there is no
fellowship in their kind, But domestic animals
live in the state of utmost accord and fellow-
ship. Look at a flock of sheep. How so-
ciable they are. Black and white, they live to-
gether without any discord. The blessed birds
of various hues soar together. There is not a
trace of enmity and discord among them,
though the colors may be different. Therefore
we must endeavor in order that the world of
humanity may unite all the individual members
thereof. May the colored people be like
sapphires and rubies, and the white be as dia-
monds and pearls; and their mixture, their
unity will lend a charm to the composite. How
delightful a spectacle it would be if there
would be a real unity among them! How con-
ducive to rest! How conducive to confidence!
How conducive to happiness, if these were

