Buddha. That is what is meant by the Search
for Truth.
It means also that we must put aside all we
have learned before and recommence our edu-
cation. We must not be attached to any one
religio-n or personality, for fear of at last be-
coming bound by superstition. When We are
4 STAR OF THE 
once detached We can seek the Truth and ar-
rive at our goal. Then we shall see Truth in
the reality of all religions, for Truth is in all.
The first discovery we make in our search
for Truth will lead us to the Unity of Man-
kind.
Children of Men! Do ye know why We have createdye from one clay? That no
one should glorify himself over the other. Be ye ever mindful of how ye were created
Since We created ye all from one ye miust be as one sonl, walking with the same
feet, eating with one month and living in one land, that ye may manifest with your being
and by your deeds and actions the signs of unity and the spirit of Hidden
Words.
THE SECOND PRINCIPLE.
The Unity of Mankind.
ESTERDAY I spoke to you of the First
Principle of the Teaching of 
LLAH, the Search after Truth. It is
necessary for a man to put aside all he be-
lieved before in the nature of traditional
superstitio-n and regard all religions as equal.
He must not love and cling to one, and detest
another. He must search for Truth in all,
and if his search be earnest he will succeed.
The Second Principle is the Unity of Man-
kind. All are servants of the One G0d--and
God reigns over all and has pleasure in all
alike. All men are of one family, the crown
of humanity rests on the head of each man.
In the eyes of the Creator all are equal. He
is kind to all, He does not favor this nation
or that nation, all are His creatures. If this
is so, why should we divide one race from an-
other, creating superstitions, differences be-
tween one people and another'?
The only difference between men is the
difference in degree. Some are like children,
who are ignorant and must be educated and
reared to maturity; some are like the sick and
must be treated with tenderness and care.
None are bad or evil. We must not feel re-
pelled by these poor children, we must be
kind, we must teach the 'ignorant and tend the
sick.
Consider: Unity is the cause of existence,
love is the cause of life; and on the other
hand separation is the cause of death. In the
world of creation, for instance, all things owe
their existence to Unity. The elements which
compose wood, stone or minerals, are held to-
gether by the L/aw of Attraction; if the law
ceases to hold these elements together, if they
are separated, then the object will not exist.
The law of attraction has brought together
certain elements in the form of this flower,
but as soon as the law of attraction is With-
drawn from this centre, the flower will decom-
pose.
So it is with humanity. The great Law of
Attraction, Harmony and Unity forms this
wonderful creation. When the law is no long-
er -active on the body of a man, he dies. So
it is evident that attraction, unity, harmony
and love are the causes of life, whereas re-
pulsion, disunion, inharmony and hatred
cause death.
We have seen that Whatever causes separa-
tion in the world of existence causes death.
Therefore, it is the same in the World of the
spirit.
All who are servants of the one God must
be united in the law of attraction. They must,
therefore, avoid all hatred, disagreement and
discord.
We find, if we look at nature, that the
gentler animals group together, the lambs, the
deer--and also that the wild animals live
apart from civilization in the "forest, the tiger,
the lion and the wolf. Two wolves can live
together, but a thousand lambs can share the
same fold and remain at peace. Two eagles
can dwell in the same place, while a thousand
doves can make their habitation together. Man
should at least be numbered among the gentler
animals--but when he becomes ferocious, Ah
Well!
The point is this: has pro-
claimed the Unity of the World of Mankind.

