STAR OF THE WEST 29

I



I
want you to be organized like a flock of the doves of heaven, whose attitude and con-
duct toward each other is a symbol of that which will take place among human beings
when human beings shall become willing to accept the guidance of the Holy Spirit."
reproduce': "Some of you may have observed
that I have not called attention to any of your
individual shortcomings. I would suggest to
you, that if you shall be similarly considerate
in your treatment of each other, it will be
greatly conducive to the harmony of your
association with each other." And then, as
a concluding delight of the morning's spirit-
ual feast, this charming illustration of the
subject of organization: want you to be
organized like a flock of the doves of Heaven,
Whose attitude and conduct toward each other
is a symbol of that which will take place
among human beings when human beings shall
become willing to accept the guidance of the
Holy Spirit." With these Words, the home-
Ward course was taken, and so concluded a
typical and memorable Bahai meeting in a
park, which will ever hereafter be associated
in memo-ry with the blessed influence of the
"Servant of Baha."
Zai_i.__ii
ABDUL--BAHA AT CLEVELAND, OHIO.
ADDRESS DELIVERED MAY 6TH, 1912.
HIS is a very joyous evening for an
Eastern man to appear before an assem-
bly of reverent Western people. This is
in itself an evidence of the possibility of unit-
ing the Orient and the Occident. The East
and the West--the Orient and Occident--
shall be united. If we search the history of
the past, we shall no-t find the equal of such
an incident as this, that a person of the far
East went to the far West to address a meet-
ing of such a revered character. This is a
miracle of the twentieth century, which proves
conclusively that the unreal may become the
real to humanity. Praise be to God! The
dark ages have disappeared, and the age of
light has at last arrived; the sun of reality
has dawned with great effulgence; the reali-
ties of things have become alive; renewed;
the mysteries of the unknown have become
revealed, and great inventions and discover-
ies have marked this period as a most remark-
able one.
Through invention and the ingenuity of man
it is even possible to go long distances on the
ocean, to fly through the air and to travel sub-
marine. The Orient and the Occident can, at
any given moment, communicate with each
other. Trains are fast speeding over conti-
nents. The voice of man has been arrested
and reproduced, and now man, at any point,
can speak at long distances. These are some
of the signs of this glorious century.
(Continued on page thirty-one)

