quered by them and was theirs by right, and
the great Solomonic wisdom was established.
All this was due to the Religion which they
founded.
Hence we learn that Religion is the cause
of honor, is the cause of advancement, is the
cause of civilization, is the cause of happi-
ness of mankind, even as the Abrahamic his-
tory well illustrates this fact, and just as his
family clearly points thereto. Even unto the
present time his household is visible and inani-
fest throughout the world.
Let us discover or consider the greater
phase of it.
The Children of Israel were in bondage and
captivity in the land of Egypt. They were sub-
jected to the tyranny and oppression of the
Copts (the Egyptians)'. They were in the
utmost state of degradation. One Copt con-
quered or subdued one hundred Septs (Israel-
ites). They could make use of them as work-
ing men or laborers.
The Children of Israel were then in abject
poverty, in the lowest abasernent, in the lowest
degree of ignorance, in the lowest degree of
barbarism, until suddenly His Holiness Moses
appeared amongst them.
When His Holiness Moses appeared amongst
them, outwardly he was no other than a shep-
herd, but through the power of Religion He
exhibited such majestic grandeur and elhcacy
that they continue to be seen. His Prophet-
hood was well spread throughout the land.
His Law was the foundation of the law.
His Holiness Moses was single and alone,
and this single, unique personage through the
power of Religion, rescued all the Children
of Israel from bondage. He conducted them
to the Holy Land and there He founded the
great civilization which has become perma-
nent, a civilization and development which are
most noteworthy. Thereby they attained to
the highest degree of honor and glory. He
saved them from their bondage and captivity.
He imbued them with qualities which caused
them to be progressive. They proved to be
a civilizing people, an educated and scholarly
people. Their philosophy became noteworthy.
Their industries were well known. In one
word, along all the lines of advancement which
characterize a progressive people they achieved
progress. They reached such a degree that at
last they were the ones who established the
Solomonic sovereignty, and their sciences and
arts reached such an exalted state that even
the Greek philosophers used to take journeys
to Jerusalem, in order to study with the Jews
4 STAR OP THE WEST
philosophy and the basis of law. According
to Eastern history this is an established fact.
Even Socrates the Greek philosopher came
to the Holy Land and consorted With the
Jewish doctors, studying with them wisdom
or philosophy. He studied with them the
basis of their belief, and when he returned
to Greece there he formulated his basis for
Divine unity, and there he advanced his belief
regarding the immortality of the spirit after
the dissolution of the body. These verities
Socrates learned no doubt from the Jewish
doctors with whom he came in contact.
Likewise Hippocrates and many other phi-
losophers used to go to the Holy Land, to
Palestine, and there they acquired lessons from
the Jewish prophets, studying with them the
basis of ethics and morality, returning to their
countries with contributions which have made
Greece famous.
A cause or a movement which renders a
weak nation, such as the Jews were before,
strong, an_d changes them into a mighty and
powerful nation, which rescues them from
captivity and causes them to reach sovereignty,
which transforms their ignorance into knowl-
edge and science, and Which endows them
with an impetus to advance along all degrees
of attainments--(this is not merely 21 theory
or a story which I am telling; it is a histor-
ical fact which is provable; it is history well
established in the it evident
that Religion is the cause of honor to man;
that Religion is the cause of the sublimity of
man.
When we speak of Religion we mean the
fomidatiom of Religion, not the blind imita-
tations or dogmas which have crept in after-
wards, and which are ever destructive, which
are ever the cause of the effacement of a
nation, which are ever the cause of the hin-
drance to progress of nations,--even as it is
recorded in the Taurat and confirmed in all
histories that when the Jews were fettered
with imitations, then the wrath of God be-
came manifest.
Wheii they let go of the foundations of the
Law of God, then God sent Nebuchadnezzar
Who came and conquered the Holy Land. He
killed all the men; he took in captivity the
children and women he made Waste the coun-
tries and the populous centers; he set afire
all the"'hamlets and all the villages. Seventy
thousand Jews did Nebuchadnezzar make cap-
five, and took them with him to Babylon. He
demolished Jerusalem. He destroyed the Holy
of Holies, the great temple there. He burned

