28 STAR OF
tion of the park is an unusually well stocked
zoological department. The many strange and
beautiful forms of bird and animal life herein
presented proved very interesting to Abdul-
Baha, as he walked among them with a man-
ner which somehow reminds one of the legends
of St. Francis of Assisi, and the all-con-
sciousness said to have been displayed by
that lovable saint in his communings with the
birds and animals of his day; and it was here
that Abdul-Baha was moved to grant per-
mission for the first of the pictures taken
during this strol1--the occasion chosen being
at a time when the eortege found itself
grouped very conveniently for camera pur-
poses between two lines of iron palisade.
Photographic operations being thus pleas-
antly initiated, Abdul-Baha next consented
to a group picture which was suggested to
the minds of some of the ladies While the
party was descending a broad and noble flight
of .masonry stairs that had been built to
accommodate a steep inflection of the footway
as it passed through a wooded dell.
From this point, Abdul-Baha directed his
course to a place where --springing from the
midst of heavy bushes on either shore--a
single arched foot-bridge rises high above a
wide lagoon, whose dark waters are said to
have closed over many a discouraged soul that
had chosen the crown of the bridge as the
place from which to cast a final "longing,
lingering look" at earth and sky. The land-
scape disclosed from this viewpoint is indeed
one of the fairest in Chicago; and it is
Worthy of remark, that it includes in its nor-
thernmost reaches the spot w'here on the dis-
tant horizon the grounds of the coming Chi-
cago Mashrak-el-Azkar slope down to meet
the waters of the lake. "Beautiful," was the
comment made by Abdul-Baha in English,
and with quiet but loving emphasis, as he
gazed northward from the parapet of the
bridge. His glance comprehended both the
wide-spread panorama and the placid waters
beneath, and t-here sprang into being among
the friends present a strongly marked im-
pression, that he was moved to special prayer
by becoming innately aware of the thrilling
human experiences connected with the scene.
Before leaving the bridge Abdul-Baha ac-
ceded to another group picture while the
friends were seated at the summit, and also
to a remarkable full-length picture of him-
self alone, which has been reproduced as the
frontispiece of this issue. The course Of the
THE WEST
morning's Walk then turned back toward the
animals' quarters; and here, while apparently
engrossed in contemplating the movements of
a m-ajestic polar bear, Abdul-Baha delighted
the friends by exhibiting coincidently the
charming sense of humor and the all-con-
sciousness which are alike so strongly marked
in him. No sooner had the picture been taken
of Abdul-Baha standing alone on the bridge,
then the friends commenced to express to
each other their desire to secure a similar pic-
ture that would show the beautiful silver locks
that flow down from under his turban and
ripple across the collar of his robe at the
back. His seeming absorption in study of the
great bear suggested to all, simultaneously, that
this was the opportune moment; and a joy-
ful conspiracy was at once entered into--
everyone quietly tip-toeing out of range,
while the active agent of the proposed photo-
graphic larcency set up his tripod and prepared
for' a time exposure that would insure a sat-
isfactory clearness of detail in the desired pic-
ture. Soon a perfect focus was obtained and
apparently everything was ready, but just as the
members of the little group were holding
their breaths in thrilled anticipation of suc-
the very moment, indeed, when the
operator had seized the bulb, the pressing of
which would open the shutter and start the
exposure of the turned sud-
denly around with a delighted little chuckle,
and playfully smote the would-be thief across
the back of his neck with a light touch of his
walking cane, thereby conferring one unique
distinction which the recipient of this "love-
tap" is probably cherishing as a happy mem-
ory!
And now came the most striking feature
of the n1orning's experience and the subject of
the closing photographic illustration. From the
episode of the bears' den, Abdul-Baha led the
friends toward the lake, and taking one of
a number of seats conveniently disposed un-
der a group of trees, invited the friends to
likewise be seated. They found themselves
arranged in a circle, and, after dictating an
answer to a letter which had been read to
-him that morning as he had walked along,
'Abdul-Baha suddenly commenced talking to
lthem in a strain of intimate and friendly
counsel which exalted the hearts of all present,
and warmed the determination of each one to
be doubly on guard against any future pos-
sibility of becoming a cause of disunion or
discord. Two striking gems we herewith

