14 STAR OF
excellence throughout the World, whereas,
those who work for movements which are of
only temporary progress and development,
or of no development at all, will realize that
they are working for a dead cause, which will
not be conducive to their blessedness or to
their development.
or ABDUL--BAHA AT Howaan
UNIVERSITY, APRIL 23, 19123"
ODAY I am most happy, for I see here a
gathering of the servants of God. I see
the white and the colored people together.
In the estimation of God there is no distinction
of color. All are unicolored. There is one
color, and that -is the color of 
tude to God. Color is not important. The
heart is all-important. If the heart be pure,
if it be white, no matter what color be the
exterior it will have no effect. God does not
look at colors and differences of hue, but
He looks at the hearts. whose morals
are good and praiseworthy, he is to be pre-
ferred. He who is more devoted to the King-
dom is more to be loved. In the realm of
genesis the question of color is of the lowest
importance. We find in the mineral kingdom
variegated objects, and there We find no strife
among them. In the vegetable kingdom we
find also distinct hues. We find the variegated
flowers, but they do not have any strife
among them. Nay, rather, the very fact
that there is a difference in the colors of the
vegetable kingdom lends a charm to the gar-
den. Were all to be of one color, it would
be exceedingly unpleasant. But when you
enter into a rose garden and you find various
flowers of different hues, you indeed have
before you a spectacle of charm. And the
world of humanity is akin to that garden,
and humanity, the various races, are the
various flowers of that garden. These various
colors are the very means of adornment and
decoration for that garden. Likewise, when
we ob-serve in the animal kingdom we find
there the various colors. Just watch a flock
of doves, and see ho-w varied in color they
are. But they are in perfect peace, and they
dearly love one ano-ther. They never look
at the difference of color nor do they have a
basis of discord therefor. They look at the
kind. They know that the kind is one. Very
often it happens that a White dove soars
together with a black: one. Likewise all the
""T1-anslated by Dr. Arneen U. Fareed and taken
stenographically by Joseph H. I-Iannen.
THE WEST
animals. They live in the utmost state of
peace and accord. They are not separated
because of color. Their gaze is extended to
the unity of the race and the oneness of the
kind. And this is so in the animal kingdom,
where we do not expect intelligence or reason.
There we do not find this difference or dis-
tinction of color. How' is it is
it allowable that in the human kingdom there
shall be any consideration of color or any
d-istinction whatever with regard to it? There,
in the human kingdom, where there is reason,
it is not at all allowable. Especially when
we recall that the white and colored have
come from the same source. They belong to
the same household. In origin they have
been one. They have been one in quality.
For Adam was one and was not of two colors,
and his help-mate, Eve, did not have two
colors, and all humanity as far as our sacred
history is concerned is traceable to that family.
Therefore the origin is one. These distinctions
of color have crept in afterward. There-
fore today I am exceedingly glad to see some
of the white and to see the colored people here
gathered together, and I hope the day will
come when there shall be no distinction; when
they shall live together in the utmost peace and
accord and unity and fellowship. But I wish
to say one thing, and that is of importance,
so that the colored people may also appreciate
the white people, and that the whites may be
duly kind to the colored, and that is this, that
you, the colored population of the United
States of America, are not probably fully in-
formed of .your brethren in Asia and Africa.
Were you to recall the conditions in Africa,
you would see that you are most fortunate,
for, praise be to God! you are not in a state
or position to have any difference between
you. There is not m-uch difference in the
attainments. But the colored population of
Africa still, owing to the lack of opportunity
of education, is not Worthy even of being
your own servants. And let us recall the
fact that the great proclamation of liberty, of
freedom from slavery, was accomplished in
this continent. They went into war for the
sake of the colored. They were forfeiting
possessions and sacrificing lives therefore in
order that the colored might be free from the
bondage of the whites, and this has had its
tremendous effects upon the sociology of other
parts. The colored people of Africa were in
a most terrible state of bondage and the
European Powers, emulating the American

