32 STAR OF THE WEST
concept of Divinity that it is a living, al-
mighty, self-subsistent, everlasting Being, this
he a concept apprehended by us, an in-
tellectual reality. This would not be the out-
ward, visible Reality. The outward, visible
Reality is greater than that which human
mind can conceive. We ourselves have an
external side; our concept, however, is the
product of our own brains and comprehended
by us. Therefore, the Reality of Divinity is
sanctified above that. That Reality of Divinity
has ever been in His holiness and sanctity
sanctified above our comprehension. It is holy
above our realization of it, but its Lights, its
Bestowals, its Traces, its Virtues have be-
come manifest in the Realities of the
Prophets, even as the sun which has become
resplendent in various mirrors. These Holy
Realities are as mirrors, and the Reality of
Divinity is as the entity or reality of the sun.
Although the sun reflects from the mirrors,
and its virtues .and perfections become re-
splendent therein, the sun does not descend or
condescend to stoop from its highest point of
majesty and glory and seek an abiding place
in the mirrors; it is in its heaven. It is in
its heaven of sanctity. At most it is this:
that its lights in these Mirrors become mani-
fest and evident. Therefore, the Bounty is
one, but the recipients of the Bounty are num-
erous. There is Unity of Divinity, holy above
ascent or descent, holy above embodiment,
holy above comprehension, holy above ideali-
zation--Divine Unity--the Prophets are its
mirrors, its Lights are revealed through them.
Its virtues become resplendent in them, but
the Sun of Reality never descends from its
highest point. This is the Unity of 
this is Oneness-this is sanctity--this is
glorification whereby we praise and adore God.
God.
Chant in Arabic.
my God! my God! Verily these are
servants at the threshold of Thy Mercy, and
maid-servants at the door of Thy Oneness.
Verily they have gathered in this great tem-
ple to turn to Thy Face of Glory, holding to
the hem of Thy Garment, to Thy Singleness,
seeking Thy good pleasure, and seeking ascent
into Thy Kingdom. They receive effulgence
from the Sun of Reality in this glorious cen-
tury, and they long for Thy good-will in all
great affairs. Lord! Illumine their sights
with a vision of Thy Signs and Riches; their
ears with hearkening 'to Thy Word. Render
their hearts replete with Thy Love, and glad-
den their spirits with Thy meeting; deign for
them spiritual good in Thy earth and heaven,
and make them the signs of unity among Thy
servants, in order that the real Unity may
appear and all may become united in Thy
Cause and Thy Kingdom. Verily Thou art
the Generous! Verily Thou art the Great!
the Spiritual! Thou art the Merciful! the
Clement!
To the Children in the Sunday School.
I am glad to see these children. They are
bright, radiant children. God willing, all of
them may realize the hopes and aspirations of
their parents.
Praise be to God, I see before me these
radiant children of the Kingdom. Their hearts
are in the state of the utmost purity; their
faces are shining. They are ready to become
the sons and daughters of the Kingdom. Thank
God, they are following the acquisition of
'virtues and will be the causes of the attain-
ment of the good points of humanity. This is
the cause of Oneness in the Kingdom of God.
Praise be to God! They have revered teach-
ers who are kind. They educate them well,
train them well, and long for confirmation in
order that, God willing, like fresh plants in
the garden of God, they may become refreshed
by the downpour of the clouds of Mercy, grow
and become verdant. In the utmost of fresh-
ness and delicacy may you at last bring forth
fruit.
I supplicate God that these children may be
reared under I-Iis protection, and that they
may be kept beneath His favor and grace un-
til all, like roses and flowers in the garden
of human hopes and aspirations, shall blossom
and become redolent of fragrance.
God! Educate these children. These
children are the plants of Thy orchard; they
are the flowers of Thy meadow; they are the
plants of Thy garden. Let Thy rain fall upon
them; shine upon them with the heat of Thy
Sun of Reality. Let Thy breezes refresh
them, in order that they be trained, grow and
develop, and appear in the utmost of beauty.
Thou art the Giver! Thou art the Compas-
sionate!

