10 STAR OF THE WEST
MESSAGE TO THE JEWS.
(Continued from page seven)
and by this humanitarian acceptance and
praiseworthy view of the subject do away
forever with this enmity and hatred which
have faced mankind so many centuries, so that
bloodshed shall cease, this fanaticism pass
away forever, and all mankind be unified?
This corruption shall cease as soon as this
acceptance is established.
They admit that Moses was the interlocutor
of God. Why do you not say that Christ was
the Word of God? Why do you not say just
the few words that will do away with all this
sort of thing? Then there will be no hatred
left, no fanaticism left, no warfare in the Land
of Promise, no bloodshed whatever. Then
there will be peace forever.
Verily I declare now to you that Moses
was no other.than that Interlocutor of God;
that Moses was the most noteworthy Prophet
of God; that Moses brought the fundamental
Law of God; that Moses was the founder of
the ethical basis which has proved happiness
to humanity.
What harm is there in this? Do I lose by
saying this to you and believing it as a
Bahai? Not at all. On the contrary, as a
Bahai, it benefits, and the founder of the
Bahai movement, is well pleased
with me, confirming me therein. He says:
"Well done; you have been fair in your judg-
ment; you have impartially investigated the
truth; you have arrived at the conclusion full
well; you have believed in a Prophet of God,
in Moses; you l1ave accepted the Book of God,
the Taurat."
Now inasmuch as it is possible to do away
with this prejudice with such a bit of liberal-
ism in the worldaway with this continuous
strife? 'Why not establish a bond which can
easily connect the hearts of men? What harm
is there in this Religion that everyone should
praise the teacher or the founder of another?
Inasmuch as the other nations praise His Holi-
ness Moses and admit that Moses was the
founder of Iudaism, why have the Hebrews
not also praised the other great men?
What harm comes from it? None at all. It
is no loss to you at all. Nay rather you are
contributing to the welfare of mankind. Nay
rather you would be instrumental in estab-
lishing the happiness of the world of humanity.
Nay rather the eternal honor of man depends
upon this modern liberalism.
Inasmuch has
created all of us--He provides for all of us,
He protects all of us--and we acknowledge
such a kind and clement Lord, why should we
--His children, His followers, fight each other?
Why should we so easily break the hearts of
one another?
God is so merciful and kind, and His aim
in Religion has ever been the bond of unity
and affinity.
Praise be to God, the mediaeval ages of
darkness have passed away and this century
of radiance has century wherein
the reality of things isbecoming evident, this
century wherein science has discovered the
very mysteries of nature, this century which is
in toto a service to the world of humanity, this
century wherein we have established the
foundation of the world of humanity. Is it
behooving that we should still linger in our
fanaticism and tarry in our prejudice? Is it
behooving that we should still be bound by
the old fables and superstitions, and be handi-
capped by the superannuated beliefs of past
and dark ages, again waging wars religious,
again fighting one another, still shedding the
blood of each other, shunning one another,
anathematizing one another? Is it becoming?
Is it not better for us to be most loving to
one another? Is it not preferable for us to
enjoy fellowship together, unite and sing
anthems of unity towards God, and praise all
the Prophets in a good and praiseworthy
spirit?
Then you will observe how the world will
prove to be a paradise and the promised Day
shall come. That will be the day when the
wolves and the sheep will quaff from the
same stream, when according to the prophecy
of Isaiah, the quail and the eagle will enjoy
the same nest together, and the gazelle or
the deer will with the lion enjoy the same
pasture.
I/Vhat does this mean?
It means that contending nations are sym-
bolized by this fact, that religions which have
been formerly as wolves and sheep, divergent
creeds, will associate with each other. Not-
withstanding their former status they will
then, through this liberalism, associate with
each other in perfect fellowship and the ut-
most of love.
This is the meaning of the statement of His
Holiness Isaiah. Otherwise you will never
come to see a day when this prophecy will
come to pass literally, for the wolf will never

