28 STAR OF
instance, and this is retributive for past acts.
I am referring to the beliefs in that country,
the beliefs of the schools. But there is a
reincarnation of I the prophetic nature. For
example, Jesus Christ speaking of John the
Baptist, declared he was Elias. 'When John
the Baptist was questioned, he said am not
Elias." These two statements are apparently
contradictory, but in reality they do not con-
tradict. The light is one light. The light
which illumined this lamp last night is illu-
minating it tonight. This does not mean that
the identical rays of light have' re-appeared, but
the virtues of illumination. The light which
revealed itself through the glass reveals itself
again, so that we can say the light of this
evening is the light of last evening relighted.
This is as regards its virtues and not as re-
gards its former identity. This is our view of
reincarnation. We believe in that which Jesus
Christ and all the Prophets have believed. For
example His Holiness the Bab states am
the return of all the Prophets." This is signifi-
cant of the oneness of the prophetic virtues,
the oneness of power, the oneness of bestowal,
the oneness of radiation, the oneness of ex-
pression, the oneness of revelation.
Question: What is the attitude of your
creed toward the family?
Answer: According to the teachings of
the family being a human unit
must be educated according to the rules' of
sanctity. All the virtues must be taught the
family. The integrity of the family bond must
be constantly considered and the rights of the
individual members must not be transgressed.
The rights of the son, the rights of the father,
the rights of the mother, none of them must
be transgressed, none of them must be arbi-
trary. Just as the son has certain obligations
to his father, the father likewise has certain
rights or obligations to his son. The mother,
the sister and other members -of the household
have their certain prerogatives. All these
rights and prerogatives must be conserved, yet
the unity of the family must be sustained. The
injury of one shall be considered the injury
of all; the comfort of each the comfort
of all; the honor of one the honor of all.
Question-: What is the relation of Bahaism
to the ancient Zoroastrian religion?
Answer: The religions of God have the
same foundation but the dogmas appearing
later have differed. Each of the Divine relig-
ions has two aspects. The first is essential. It
concerns morality and development of the vir-
THE WEST
tues of the human world. This aspect is com-
mon to all. It is fundamental; it is one; there
is no difference, no variation in it. As regards
the inculcation of morality and the develop-
ment of human virtues there is no difference
whatsoever between the teachings of Zoroas-
ter, Jesus and In this they
agree; they are one. The second aspect of the
Divine religions is non-essential. It concerns
human needs and undergoes change in every
cycle according to the exigency of the time.
For example, in the time of Moses, divorce
was conformable to the needs and conditions.
His Holiness Moses therefore established it.
But in the time of His Holiness Christ,
divorces were numerous and the cause of cor-
ruption. As they were not suitable for the
time, He made divorce unlawful, and likewise
changed other laws. These are needs and
conditions which have to do with the conduct
of society. Therefore they undergo change
according to the exigency of the time. For
example, His Holiness Moses dwelt in the
desert. As there were no penitentiaries, no
means of restitution in the desert and wilder-
ness. the laws of God were "An for an
eye, a tooth for a tooth, an ear for an ear."
Could this be carried out now? If a man de-
stroys another man's are you willing to
destroy the of the offender? If a man's
teeth are broken or his ear cut off will you
demand a corresponding mutilation of his
assailant? This would not be conformable to
conditions of humanity at the present time.
If a man steals shall his hand be cut off?
This punishment was just and right in the law
of Moses, but it was applicable to the desert
where there were no prisons and reformatory
institutions of later and higher forms of gov-
ernment. Today you have government and
organization, a police system, a judge and trial
by jury. The punishment and penalty is now
different. Therefore the non-essentials which
deal with details of community are changed
according to the exigency of the time and con-
ditions. But the essential foundation of the
teachings of hloses, Zoroaster, Jesus and
is identical, is one; there is no
difference whatsoever."
Question-.' Is peace a greater Word than
love?
Arts-wer: No! love is greater than peace,
for peace is founded upon love. Love is the
objective point of peace; peace is an outcome
of love. Until love attains, peace cannot be;
but you may have peace without love. The

