STAR OF THE WEST 13
from the clouds of Divine Providence; the
banner of peace will be hoisted; the mortal
world will be clothed in the excellent robe
of ideal humanity; the bond of perfect love
will be strengthened among contradictory na-
tions and repugnant peoples; and the world,
east and west, will become the Paradise of
and as a garden bringing forth
fruits of Divine Grace. We, therefore, praise
Him in such glorification from which the
lights of sincerity may gleam forth and scin-
tillate throughout ages and epochs; and we
thank Him in such sanctification from which
the pure fragrances of meekness and humble-
ness will be diffused and exhaled with the
duration of nights and days!
ye beloved of God and His friends!
This Great Day has been assigned the
Blessed Name of the Lord of the world, the
Sign of Pre-existence, the standard Of Di-
vine victory among nations, the Light of the
heaven and the earth, the Point around which
the Supreme Concourse revolves, in the king-
dom of Holiness, ABDUL--BAHA
(May the life of the creatures be a sacrifice
to Him!) Ye are all attracted to His Love,
united in His servitude, overshadowed under
His banner, and are assembled together in
this excellent meeting, with rejoiced hearts
and shining faces, speaking the praise of the
Most Holy Beauty of and uttering
the glorification of the CENTER or HIS CovE-
NANT, His Holiness, ABDUL-BAHA.
How can this servant duly praise and thank
God, the Exalted, who hath enabled him to
make his tongue fluent in glorifying the CEN-
TER or TI-IE COVENANT in this wonderful meet-
ing, in the presence of His chosen ones and
friends? Again I praise Him for this won-
drous confirmation and glorious success.
Verily, He is the Mighty, the Praiseworthy!
How can this weak one befittingly glorify
and sanctify a Most Holy Personage with
whose Name, all the ancient and heavenly
Books are adorned and who has been an-
nounced and prophesied by the tongue of the
prophets and chosen ones, from the begin-
ning to the end? Every prophetic page seems
like unto a heaven, studded with the beaming
stars and shining pearls of the praises of the
Orb of the Universe; or like unto a rose-
garden decked and embellished by the verdant
leaves and fragrant flowers of the glorifica-
tion of the CENTER or THE COVENANT. Again
we praise Him with such words whereby
hearts are cheered and breasts are dilated, and
we thank Him in such whereby the
light of bliss and beatitude shine forth from
the horizon of the hearts!
ye beloved of God and His friends!
Consider how in the second Psalm David
(Peace be upon him!) has announced the
appearance of the or Gob in dominion
and judgment, and how he hath warned the
kings and judges of the earth to serve Him!
Consider in the fourth chapter of Isaiah how
that great prophet has foretold the appear-
ance of the Exalted BRANCH of the Lord
in the utmost beauty and glory, and how
God hath appointed Him a place of refuge
for the saved ones. Consider how Isaiah has
spoken in the eleventh chapter Of his book
that the lofty BRANCH of the TREE
shall appear from the root of David, and shall
grow out of the Holy Lands; how the spirit
of supremacy and power, of counsel and Di-
vine wisdom shall rest upon Him; the lights
of glory and divine grandeur shall beam forth
from His Shining Face; how He shall hoist
the pavilion of universal Peace and Divine
equity, and assemble all the various and con-
tradictory nations, including weak and strong,
high and low, under the shadow of union and
harmony.
Reflect upon the 26th verse of the 30th chapter
of the book of Isaiah, how God the Almighty,
has clearly spoken that in the day when
Israel shall be saved, and the sins and errors
of the heirs of Abraham effaced, the Shining
Moon of the CENTER or THE COVENANT shall
gleam forth in the utmost Glory and Splendor,
and the beaming lights scintillating from the
brilliant Face of that dawning-place of Su-
premacy and Lordship shall be like unto the
Sun of Truth! Consider how, in the first few
verses of the 42d chapter of Isaiah, it is
clearly shown that in the last day, God, the
Exalted, shall elect the Bearer of the Banner
of His servitude, confer upon Him the Holy
Spirit of His Divinity, unfurl the standard of
the SUPREME COVENANT AND TESTAMENT in
His Name, and shall protect Him, with His
Strong Hand, from the deceit of the violators
and the devices of the people of rancor; that
Servant of the Lord shall become a Banner
for the people's salvation and a Light for
hearts and souls; shall restore the blind and
deliver the captives; direct those who sit in
darkness unto light; place all the creatures
under the standard of universal peace, security
and absolute emancipation, and make the
tongues of all in the east and west fluent in
new and wonderful gloritications!
Likewise, consider the 7th chapter of Dan-

