20 STAR OF
two years without success. Finally the Em-
peror was able to cut off the city's supply of
provisions until she and -her people were com-
pelled by starvation to surrender. She was
not defeated in war and battle. Aurelian took
her captive to Rome. On the day of his entry
into the city, he arranged a triumphal proces-
sion,--first elephants, then lions, tigers, birds,
monkeys,--and after the monkeys Zenobia. A
crown was upon her head--a gold chain about
her neck. With the utmost dignity and uncon-
scions of humiliation, looking to right and left,
she said, "Verily, I glory in being a woman
and in having withstood the Roman Empire."
(At that time the Roman Empire covered half
the known earth). "And this chain about my
neck is therefore not a sign of humiliation
but of glorification. This is a symbol of my
power, not of my defeat."
Among other historical women was the Wife
of Peter the Great (Catherine I). Russia and
Turkey were at war. The commander of the
Turkish forces, Mohammed Pasha had de-
feated Peter at Servia and was about to take
St. Petersburgh. The Russians were in a
most critical position. Catherine the wife of
Peter the Great, said will arrange this mat-
ter." She had an interview with Mohammed
Pasha, negotiated a treaty of peace and in-
duced him to turn back. She saved her hus-
band and her nation. This was a great accom-
plishment. Afterward she was crowned, and
governed with the utmost ability.
The discovery of America by Columbus, as
you know, was during the reign of Isabel of
Spain, to whose wisdom and assistance this
great event was largely due. In brief, there
have been many remarkable women in the his-
tory of the world. Mention of them is not
necessary.
Today, among the Bahais of Persia, there
are many women who are the very pride and
envy of the men. They are imbued with all
the excellences and virtues of humanity. They
are eloquent, they are poets and scholars and
embody the quintessence of humility. The
whole Orient bears witness to their greatness.
In political matters they have been able to
withstand the abilities of men. They have
given their lives and forfeited their posses-
sions in for humanity. Their glory,
honor and traces will last forever. Truly the
pages of the history of Persia are illumined
by the lives of such women. If you read his-
tory you will be astonished.
The purpose, in brief, is if
w0ma11 be fully educated and granted her pre-
THE WEST
rogatives, she will attain to the accomplish-
ment of wonderful deeds and prove herself the
equal of man. For she is the coadjutor of
man. Both are human, both are endowed with
intelligence, both embody the virtues of hu-
manity. In all human powers and functions
they are partners. If in all degrees of human
activity at present woman does not manifest
her prerogatives, it is caused by lack of educa-
tional opportunity. Education, without doubt,
will equalize her with man.
Consider the animal kingdom. What differ-
ence is observed between the male and fe-
male? They are equal in powers and share
their rights. Among the doves and birds of
the air there is no distinction observed. Their
powers are equal, their rights conserved 
they dwell together in complete unity and
equality. Are we not to enjoy the same
equality? The absence of this equality is not
becoming to man.
ADDRESS BY ABDUL-BAHA AT MT. MORRIS BAP-
TIST CHURCH (REV. I. HERMAN RANDALL,
PASTOR), FIFTH AVENUE AND STREET,
NEW YORK, MAY 26, I912.
Stenographic Notes by E. Foster.
INTRODUCTION BY REV. HERMAN RANDALL,
AM sure we are very glad indeed, as mem-
I bers of this church and congregation, to
Welcome to this evening service Abdul-
Baha Abbas, and it gives me great pleasure,
my brother, to extend you this hand of greet-
ing. I pray that God's blessing may rest richly
upon you and the great work you are doing in
the cause of the spiritual uplift of the race.
I just Want to say that Abdul-Baha speaks
through his interpreter, Dr. Fareed. We will
now have the pleasure of listening.
ADDRESS BY ABDUL--BAHA.
As I neared this church this evening I heard
the hymn, "Nearer, My God, to Thee." The
greatest attainment in the world of humanity
is nearness to God. Every lasting glory, honor,
grace and beauty which comes to man comes
through nearness to God. All the prophets
and apostles longed for this nearness to the
creator. How many nights they passed sleep-
less in their yearning for this nearness; how
many days they devoted to supplication for this
attainment, seeking ever to draw nearer to
Him. But nearness to God is not an easy at-
tainment. In the day wherein His Holiness

