STAR OF THE WEST 5
of your creation? What benefit have you giv-
en to the world The same benefit that you
have given to the World, the mosquito has.
You say that the mosquito harms, and sucks in
the human blood; but you kill animals and
eat them. You do not suck blood, but decapi-
tate the animals. Therefore, you are more
harmful than the mosquito. By this, I mean
that man commits greater sins. But that which
is the reality of the matter is this: The World
of life, the World of existence is connected,
each with the other. All the created beings
are the members of this stupendous body.
Each one is a member, and that member
should not remain imperfect. If that member
is, for instance, harming the human body, but
it is useful from some other standpoint, be-
cause it is one member of the members of this
creational book, is it allowable that a member
of the members of this great world be imper-
fect? For instance, we do not know what is
the use of, this nail. It grows and it is cut
again. We see that we have the nail; but we
do not know that there are a thousand Wis-
doms within the creation of this nail. For in-
stance, men ask: Why should we have the
beard; Why should we have the moustache?
They shave. But in reality there is a great
Wisdom in this. It is healthful. The skin re-
ceives the oxygen through the beard."
Asking for further questions, the prob-lem
of contributing for the care of Bahais who
may be sick or infirm, was presented; in view
of the fact that there are many demands at
times and the friends are able to do but little,
generally speaking.
Abdul-Baha: "The Friends must strive and
show efforts and assist. is a be-
liever and assured, firm in the Cause, there is
no doubt that he will contribute towards the
assistance of the poor. This is an evidence
of the faith. But if a person comes in con-
tact with another who is in the utmost need,
and he sees that he can help, and if he fails,
this is an evidence of the weakness of his
faith. If his faith is firm and strong, it is im-
possible for him not to assist. There is no
greater trial than the test of riches. Whose-
ever you see that he is helping and assisting
the poor ones according to his ability, know of
a certainty that his faith is strong. Continue
according to your ability, not beyond your
power, and tell him to content himself with it.
Not that he may receive your assistance and
not look out for himself. He is not able to
Work, that is why he needs assistance; if he
were able to work it is not allowable to assist
him. Lazy people should not be assisted; oth-
erwise everybody would leave his work and
expect others to support them. There would
be no end to it. But there may be someone
who is either unable to work or is striving to
find some work and is not able to find it; it
is not really a shortcoming but he cannot suc-
ceed. Such souls are to be assisted. The aim
is this, that the friends of God must assist
each other, and in assistance be greater than
all the other communities of the world. If
one of the friends find out that another has no
food for this evening, for instance, he should
not rest, he should not sleep till he finds food
for him. All the members of humanity are in
need of each other."
Ar 9:30 A. M., JULY 31sr, ABDUL--BAHA, ON
THE VERANDA or Hoosz.
Walking to and fro and addressing Mr. Lati-
mer: "The Bahai must first be informed of the
Principles and Teachings of 
then go forth and spread the Message. It is
like unto a soldier, Who must arm himself
with the buckler and armor, and then he enters
the battlefield to fight against the foe. But if
he goes to fight without arming himself, he
will be defeated. The Bahais are the Army of
God. Their defensive armors or weapons are;
First, Faith; second, Assurance; third, Sever-
ance; fourth, Complete Attraction to the King-
dom of Anna. If they are armed with these
weapons, they will gain the victory in whatever
field they may enter. As long as he is not
equipped with these weapons, he will not be
successful. He must cut himself entirely from
all imitations. In Persia we were under the
sword. From one moment to the other we
had no assurance of life,.and during our long
imprisonment we were in constant danger. As
we Were not attached to this life, we were en-
tirely forgetful of these outward conditions.
Therefore we remained firm. We did not
notice the gleaming, flashing swords around
us. But in reality we were happy. [Here he
laughed heartily] At that time there were
many severe tests, but there was abundant
spirituality. We were walking on the earth,
but in reality we were soaring toward the
Supreme Concourse. [Laughing]: What were
those days, and what are these days! Those
days were the cause of the development of the
souls. Those days people progressed and ad-
vanced spiritually. D-uring the eventful days
of Nassr Ed Din Shah, those people who were
Bahais were fearless, filled with the glad--tid-
of God, overflowing with and

