STAR OF THE WEST 15
that you have been ushered beneath the edu-
cation of this One, who is the very Sun of
Reality, and who is shining so resplendently
upon all humankind, endowing all with the
life everlasting. Praise be to God! a thousand
timesl!
THE PLAZA, Cnrcaeo, Tnonsmv 
MAY 2, 1912?"
FIND this morning that the city is en-
I veloped by a fog and mist. It is a good
city, but it is befogged. When I find a city
with sunshine then it is beautiful. Just as fog
and mist conceal the sun, likewise the human
susceptibilities, in their imaginations, conceal
the Sun of Truth. Consider the radiant sun,
how beautiful the sight, and how its glory
pleases the eye, but this mist and haze causes
man to be deprived of the Sun of Truth
by being obscured through his imaginations.
These mists are as so many imitations, the
clbuds concealing the sun. But the sun rises
and disperses these mists from its different
dawning points, at one time rising from the
northeast, then from the east, then from
the southeast, until we have a clear vision
of its glory, from the zenith. In the
same manner each nation is directed to the
dawning points, each to a particular rising
place and each dawning point of religious light
is made manifest, but after a time the dawning
point is being worshipped instead of the sun
itself, which is ever one and forever station-
ary in the heavens. Differences have arisen on
this account and caused clouds and mists to
again overshadow the glorious Sun of Reality.
When again all this haze of imitations be dis-
persed, then all will see the Sun aright and
see it as one by all nations. Thus all nations
will finally become as one.
These clouds hinder the sun, therefore We
must endeavor to the utmost to dispel these
clouds and mists of superstitions. May all
unite thereon and be enlightened, for the sun
is one and the radiance and bounty is one.
All inhabitants of the earth are the recipients
of the Bounty of one Sun and none are favor-
ites; all are beneath its shadow, but strife and
battle make a complex cause out of a simple
one, and then, alas! the clouds will obscure the
Light of Reality a11d disunion will result.
Make use of intelligence and reason, so that
you may disperse the dense clouds from the
horizon, and all hold to the Reality of all of
the prophets. It is most certain that if human
*'1'ranslated by Dr. Ameen I_l. Fareed and taken
stenographically by Mrs. Marzieh Moss.
souls should reasonably consider and use re-
spective intelligence on the matters of God,
then the power of God will dispel all these
clouds, and realities will appear as one Light,
one Truth, one God, one Love, and one uni-
versal Peace.
PLAZA Horst, CHICAGO, THURSDAY NIGHT,
MAY 2, 1g12.*
BSERVE the kingdom of genesis and
0 examine carefully all created objects,
and we discover the order of creation.
Take the ferocious animals, which are not
to be seen in their earliest childhood, even in
thelater days of their lives but rarely; take
for our consideration the planets as part of the
great creation, and we find all are subject to a
universal law, a law which is most complete,
most perfect, which cannot be surpassed. That
is why a great philosopher, a very wise man,
has declared thus: "There is no greater or
more perfect .system in the realm of genesis
than that which already exists." The material-
ists or atheists state that this symmetry, this
perfect order, which exists in nature is due to
nature. They say that this order, this coin-
position, this decomposition, this existence, this
are all the exigencies of nature.
It is nature which governs and rules over all
created beings, a11d all existing objects or phe-
nomenal objects are captives of this nature;
even man is an exigency of nature. '\/Vhen we
carefully study we find that this phenomenal
being, or this world, is subject to an exact
order. It is under law, a universal law, but
the question arises as to whether or not this
order, this perfect symmetry which exists in
nature, is caused or is due to nature itself, or
whether it is due to a divine rule. The mate-
rialists declare that it is an exigency of nature
for the rain to fall upon the ground. and that
if it were not for the rain, nature would not
become verdant; that if the cloud shall cause
a downpour, if the sun shall send forth its
heat and light (provided the earth be possessed
of capacity), it is impossible not to conceive
vegetation under these conditions. Therefore
the plant life is subject to nature; it is a sign
of nature. The fire has as its natural property
the function of conflagration or burning; fire
burns. Inasmuch as the nature of fire, there-
fore, is burning, you cannot conceive of fire
without its burning.
In response to these statements We say, ac-
cording to these premises, the conclusion ar-
*Translated by Ameen U. Fareed and taken
stenographically by Mrs. Henrietta C. Wagner.

