20 STAR OF
some imagining that man's death means his
annihilation. This is a mistake. Total anni-
hilation is an impossibility. At most, compo-
sition is subject ever to decomposition or dis-
integration; that is to say, existence means
that certain elements have become composite
and from that composite a being is 
inasmuch as these elements have gone into
the formation of endless forms of genesis
we have the variegated expressions of
life--; and non-existence simply means the
opposite or decomposition of these forms.
For instance, certain elements have formed
man, then this composite man is sub-
ject to disintegration. This is no other than
death, but the elements remain just the same.
Hence, total annihilation is an impossibility.
Existence will never be non-existence. It
would be the same as saying that light can
become darkness, and light can never become
darkness. Existence can never become non-
existence, hence there is no death for man;
nay, rather, man is everlasting, everliving, and
as a rational proof thereof the following is
advanced, that every atom of the phenomenal
elements is transferable from one form to an-
other, from one degree to another. For ex-
ample, take the grain of sand or dust; you
can say that that grain traverses all the degrees
of existence. Once it goes into the formation
of the mineral in becoming petrified, as the
rock; once it becomes vegetative in becoming
the tree; at another time it becomes an ani-
mal, and still at another time, a later period,
it becomes man. Hence it traverses or is
transferred from one degree to another de-
gree in the phenomenal existence, but to non-
existence, never.
Non-existence, therefore, is an expression
applied to change of form. People consider
that this transference or apparent change is
death or annihilation, whereas it is never so.
You may consider this very point which I
presented, namely, the grain of sand which in
the mineral kingdom at first existed; later on
it was transferred from that lowest form of
life to the vegetable, later to the animal, and
at last to the human kingdom, showing that it
is only a transformation and not an annihila-
tion, for the elements are ever present, and
elements only change forms, hence there is
no death, it is life everlasting. For example,
you can see that when clay dies in the mineral
kingdom, it becomes a tree; but it does not
die, it has been transformed only. It has been
transferred from the mineral kingdom to the
vegetable kingdom. This vegetable is used or
THE WEST
consumed by the animal, and there, when
utilized, you can say it dies, but in reality
it has become transformed and transferred to
the animal kingdom. The animal is utilized
by man. It dies in that animal form or king-
dom, but it is transmuted or transformed to
the human kingdom, consequently it becomes
evident that there is no annihilation. Death,
therefore, is applicable to a change or trans-
ference from one degree to another. In the
mineral kingdom there was a spirit, the mineral
spirit; in the vegetable kingdom it became
transformed and reappeared as a vegetative
spirit; in the animal kingdom it attained the
animal spirit, and in the human kingdom it
aspired to the human spirit, hence it is only
degrees or transferences, and there never
is for man annihilation. Man is everlasting,
everliving. And if we think of death it is only
an imaginary term implying change.
The reality is this, that it is only a trans-
ference from one degree to another, from one
form of composition or genesis to another, and
transferences should never be called death. We
will take, for example, this light, and supposing
we say that this light, having reappeared in
another incandescent lamp, has died in the
one and reappeared in another. This is not
death. These perfections of the mineral are
translated or transformed into the vegetative,
and from the vegetable kingdom they were
transformed to the animal, the virtue always
attaining plus or the superlative degree, and
from the vegetable kingdom they were trans-
ferred into the animal and human, and we find
the same virtues manifesting themselves more
fully, therefore we see that the tree never
died, that the animal has not died, but what
must be said is that the reality of the vege-
table or animal entity, or the mineral reality,
has been transferred from a lower form to a
higher form, finally attaining the superlative
degree. Therefore death is only an expres-
sion applicable to these changes, and the
question of non-existence is a relative one.
Absolute non-existence is inconceivable. For
example, this rose becomes disintegrated and
this symmetry is corrupted, but the elements
remain changeless; nothing affects that ele-
mental being. It is impossible for the elements
whereof this rose is formed to become non-
existent, and it is simply that these elements
go from one degree or are transferred from
one state to another, and man only through
his ignorance is afraid of death; death is
imaginary and absolutely unreal; it is human
imagination.

