STAR OF THE WEST 27
and seeds of the meadows are its wealth and
food; all the fresh Water of mountain springs
and rivers of the plain are for its enjoyment.
Truly this is the acme of material happiness
to which even a human creature cannot attain.
This is the honor of the animal kingdom. But
the honor of the human kingdom is the at-
tainment of spiritual happiness in the human
world, the acquisition of the knowledge and
Love of God. The honor allotted to man is
the acquisition of the supreme virtues of the
human world. This is his real happiness and
felicity. But if material happiness and spiritual
felicity be conjoined, it will be "delight upon
delight"--as the Arabs say. And now we pray
that God will unite the East and the West
in order that these two civilizations shall
be exchanged and mutually enjoyed. I am sure
it will come to pass for this is the Radiant
Century. This is an age for the outpouring
of Divine 'Mercy upon the exigency of this
new century,--the unity of the East and the
West. It will surely be accomplished.
Question: What is the status of woman
in the Orient?
Answer: The status of woman in former
times was exceedingly deplorable. for it was
the belief of the Orient that it was best for
woman to be ignorant. It was considered
preferable that she should not know reading or
writing, in order that she might not be in-
formed of events in the world. Woman was
considered to be created for rearing children
and attending to the duties of the household.
This was considered to be the object of female
creation. If she pursued educational courses,
this was deemed contrary to chastity; hence
women were made prisoners of the house. The
houses did not even have windows opening to
the outside world. But his Holiness BAHA-
destroyed these ideas and proclaimed
the equality of man and woman. He made
woman respected, by commanding that all
women be educated-; that there be no difference
in the education of the two sexes and that
man and Woman share the same rights'pre--
cisely. In the estimation of God there is no
distinction of gender. One whose thought is
pure, whose education is superior, whose sci-
entific attainments are greater, whose deeds of
philanthropy excel, be that one man or woman,
be that one white or colored, no matter what
the person be, is entitled to full rights and rec-
ognition;--there is no difference whatsoever.
Therefore the status of woman in the East
has undergone change. At present they have
schools and colleges, they pursue the ordinary
curriculum, and day by day are becoming in-
dispensable to men and equal to them. This
is the present status of womankind in Persia.
Question: What relation do you sustain to
the founder of your creed you his suc-
cessor in the same manner as the Pope of
Rome?
Answer: I am the servant of Baha' the
founder, and in this do I glory. No honor do
I consider greater than this, and it is my
hope that I may be confirmed in servitude
to This is my station.
Question: Is it not a fact that Universal
Peace cannot be accomplished until there is
political democracy in all the countries of
.the world?
Answer: It is very evident that in the future
of all the countries of the world be they con-
stitutional in government or Republican or
Democratic in form, there shall be no centrali-
zation. The United States may be held up as
the example of government in time to come,
that is to say, each province will be incle-
pendent in itself but there will be a union
concerning the interests of the various in-
dependent states. It may not be a Republican,
or a Democratic form. To cast aside centrali-
zation which promotes despotism is the exi-
gency of the time. This will be productive of
international peace. Another fact of equal
importance I in bringing about International
Peace is Woman's Suffrage. That is to say,
when perfect equality shall be established be-
tween men and women, peace may be realized
for the simple reason that wornankind in gen-
eral will never favor warfare. "Women evi-
dently will not be willing to allow those whom
they have so tenderly cared for to go to
the battlefield. '\/Vhen they shall have a vote
they will oppose any cause of warfare. A11-
other factor which will bring about universal
peace is the linking together of the Orient
and the Occident.
Question: What is your belief about rein-
carnation?
Answer: The subject of reincarnation has
two aspects. One is that which the Hindo-
stanese people believe, and, even that is sub-
divided into two ;--reincarnation and metem-
According to one belief the soul
goes and then returns at certain times in re-
incarnations; therefore they say that a sick
person is sick because of actions in a previous
incarnation and that this is retribution. The
other school of Hindoism believes that man
sometimes appears as an animal, a donkey for

