STAR OF THE WEST 9
EDITORIAL FROM PALO 
THE NEW EVANGEL.
Wednesday morning at the University assem-
bly and in the evening at the Unitarian Church
in Palo Alto appeared and spoke the leader in
a world movement for unity in religion, inter-
national peace and universal brotherhood. This
is Abdul-Baha, a native of Persia, who has
devoted his life to the mission handed down
to him by his father. This mantle of inspired
evangelism was consecrated by the persecution
of forty years of imprisonment imposed by the
Sultan of Turkey upon the elder.
As the stone that was rejected may become
the head of the corner, or like the prophet's
dream expand until it fills up the whole world,
so may be the mantle of the wise men of the
east, who rediscover a glorified star shining
over the birth of a world movement toward
idealism.
This idealism is the further perfection of the
ideals of all the great religions of the world.
In the science of photography there is a proc~
ess by which any number of images of dif-
ferent faces may be composited together to
produce the dominant type. What is truly
representative leaves its impress upon the final
result. What is vague and non-intrinsic sur-
pluses into the shadow and disappears. Such
a scientfic process to arrive at the true com-
posite of religious truth may be likened to
the aim of the Bahai movement. It seeks the
true common denominator of all religions, re-
jecting nothing which is good and afraid of
nothing which is true.
The spiritual kingdom is full of clashes and
contradictions, just as the political and indus-
trial Worlds are full of contention and strife.
And just as in the latter fields volunteers are
spending their lives to pave a better way, so
in the spiritual kingdom we have the dawn-
ing of a more perfect light. This light will
shed its peaceful rays over all contentious
factions and will show them the form and
substance of truth, which may have been
obscured by the dust of strife.
To build a structure by taking a plank from
here and plank from there and a stone from
hither and a stone from yonder, as some vague
fancy might dictate, would result in an archi-
tectural monstrosity that would violate all the
rules of unity and proportion. In no such way
is the temple of true light to be founded. It is
to be brought together in one focus of rays
forming an image of all the elements Which
stand the searching test. This temple may be
surrounded on all sides by the images of those
beautiful non-essentials which have not gained
entrance to the inner structure, but which the
true spirit within may yet see as outer land-
scapes unfolding before the temple windows.
This is the task of the Bahai. It is a true
ideal. Truly catholic and universal, it provides
a meeting ground for Christian, Jew, Moslem
and Buddhist. There all religions. His will is the law of
all harmony and good. He stands revealed in
the last analysis of universal truth. His truth
is a gospel of love which surrounds and com-
prehends all things. In this there is no room
for strife and discord, no place for darkness
or deceit, and no beginning for bitterness and
woe.
\/Vhenever science discovers any great truth,
that truth is not the property of science. but
it is the heritage of the whole world. Vv'e do
not refer all the marvels of electricity to Edison
nor worship his laboratory at Menlo Park.
We use the blessing and pass it along. It mat-
ters little, in the long run, who made the dis-
covery. If the founders of Bahai arose from
the ancient plains of Persia and sent out the
true message, it matters little whether Persia
is of the east or of the west. From the cradle
of the human race and the oldest nation of the
world comes a voice reaching down the cen-
turies, to bring a message of peace to the
strong young giant of the west, bidding Amer-
ica to usher in the dawn. H. Sim/tins.
CORRECTION
In the last issue of the STAR or THE 
it was stated that friends desiring to purchase
the book "God's Heroes," should order same
from Mons. H. Dreyfus-Barney, Paris, France.
This -is an error. The book is sold by I. B.
Lippincott Co., Philadelphia; and Kegan Paul,
Trench, Trubner Co., London. It is under-
stood that proceeds from the sale of the book
will be given to the Mashrak-el-Azkar. The
price is $3.25.
WALL CALENDAR
The Honolulu Bahai Assembly desires that
every one of the friends possess a copy of the
Wall Calendar, issued by them some months
ago, and has Written Miss Mary Lesch, 5205
Jefferson Ave., Chicago, to distribute them
upon request. Ten cents in stamps should be
sent to cover postage.

