STAR OF THE WEST 31
may come unity producing
unlimited result. From these limited unities
mentioned proceed limited outcomes. For in-
stance, from the unity of nativity at most the
results are limited ;--like a family living
alone, solitary ;--there is no boundless or un-
limited result produced.
But the unity which is productive of un-
limited results is first a unity of manl<ind--
that all humanity are sheltered beneath the
glorious shadow of the All 
all are servants of one God. For they all
breathe the same atmosphere, all inhabit the
same earth, all are sheltered beneath the same
heaven, all receive effulgence from the same
sun, all are under the protection of one God.
This unity is the Most Great Unity and its
results are lasting if humanity shall adhere
thereto; but humanity has hitherto not held
fast to this unity. Mankind has adhered to
sectarian unities, and other various limited
unities such as those of racial type, patriotic
type, or unity of self interests; therefore no
great results have been forthcoming. But it
is certain the radiance and favors of God are
encompassing, minds have developed, percep-
tions have become acute, sciences and arts
have become widespread, and there is capacity
for the promulgation and proclamation of the
unity of humanity; and this unity is a type of
that great unity which will produce marvelous
results. This unity wil-l make friends of all
religions. This unity will make all warring
nations loving. This unity Will make all in-
imical kings amiable and amicable. This is
the unity which will give the world of
humanity peace and composure. This unity
is a type of that unity which will cement
together the Orient and the Occident. This
unity will remove forever the foundations of
warfare and hoist the banner of the "Most
Great Peace." This unity is a type of that
great unity which will make all the human
family one. This unity is productive of the
attractions of conscience in humanity. An-
other unity is the spiritual unity, the unity
resulting from the breaths of the Holy Spirit.
This unity is even greater than the unity of
mankind. Human solidarity, or the unity
of mankind may be likened to the body, where-
as the unity from the breaths of the Holy
Spirit may be likened to the spirit animating
the body, for this latter unity is the very
result of the breaths of the Holy Spirit. This
is a complete unity. It will create such a
condition in mankind that each one will
sacrifice to the other and the utmost desire
Will be to forfeit life and all that pertains
thereto to the other. This is the unity which
obtained among the disciples of His Holiness
Jesus Christ. This is the unity which existed
among the prophets and holy souls. This unity
is that type of unity which through the assis-
tance of the Spirit is permeating the Bahais,
so that each offers his life to the other, and
the utmost desire is attainment to the good
pleasure of the others. This unity' is the unity
which caused twenty thousand people in Per-
sia to give their lives for it. This unity is the
unity which made of the Bab a target for a
thousand arrows. This unity is the unity for
which suffered imprisonment
over fifty years. This unity is the very spirit
of the world. The world is as a body, where-
as this unity in relation thereto is the spirit.
It is impossible for the body of the World to
become animated without this vivification or
spirit. His Holiness Iesus my lite
be a sacrifice to him this unity
among mankind. Every soul who believed on
Jesus Christ became resuscitated or revivifiecl
through this spirit, attained to the highest
zenith of eternal glory, realized the life ever-
lasting, found the second birth and obtained
the acme of good fortune.
In the Word' of God there is still another
unity, the unity of the Holy Manifestations
of God, His Holiness Abraham, Moses, Iesus
Christ, Mohammed, and The
Bab. That is a unity heavenly, Divine, radiant,
merciful; it is the One Reality which has ap-
peared in various Manifestations. For example,
the sun is one and the same, but its points of
dawning are various. During the summer sea-
son it rises from the summer dawning po-int;
in the winter season it dawns from the south-
ern point of rising. Every month it appears
from a certain zodiacal point. Although these
dawning points differ, the sun is the same sun
which has appeared from them all. The pur-
pose is the Reality of Prophethood. The
Reality of Prophethood is exemplified by the
sun and the Holy Manifestations are like un-
to dawning places or zodiacal points.
There is also the Divine Unity, that is to
say, the Divine Entity. The Divine Spirit is
sanctified above concept of humanity. It can-
not be comprehended or conceived because it
is Infinite Reality and cannot become finite.
Human minds cannot surround that Reality
because all our concepts and thoughts of that
Reality are a creation of man, finite, intellect-
ual and not the Reality of Divine Being. For
example, if we should endeavor to have a

