STAR OF THE WEST
7
of The Covenant.
hath never been and is not worth regarding. But as is Well known, the purpose of this
Oppressed One in enduring these adversities and calamities, the revelation of the Verses
and the manifestation of the Proofs, has been to quench the fire of hatred and animosity,
so that perchance the horizons of the minds of the people of this world may shine with the
light of concord and attain the real tranquillity. The sun of this explanation is shining
and arising from the horizon of the Divine Tablet ;--al1 must look toward it.
people of the world! I enjoin ye to that which is the means of the elevation of
your station. Hold to the virtue of G00 and grasp the hem of that which is just. Verily
I say the tongue is for mentioning that which is good; pollute it not with evil speech. G01)
hath forgiven ye that which is past; hereafter ye must all speak that which is befitting.
Avoid execration, reviling and that which is aggravating to man. The station of man is
high. A short While since, this exalted Word was revealed from the Repository of the
Pen of ABHA:
"This is a great and blessed Day, but that which has been hidden in man is and shall
be disclosed (in this Day)." The station of man is great if he holds to Reality and Truth,
and if he be firm and steadfast in the Commands. The true man appeareth before The
Merciful One like unto the heavens; his sight and hearing are the sun and moon; his
bright and shining qualities are the stars; his station is the highest one; his traces are the
educators of the existence. Every believer who hath found the Perfume of the Garment
in this Day and turneth with a pure heart toward the Supreme Horizon, he is mentioned
as one of the followers of Baha upon the red Page.
Take the Chalice of My Favor in My Name; then drink from It to My Remembrance,
the Dearest, the New!
people of the world! The Creed of G013 is for love and union; make it not the cause
of discord and disunion. In the sight of the men of discernment and those who are holding
to the Manifestation, that which is the means of preservation and the cause of the ease
and tranquillity of the servants is revealed from the Supreme Pen; but the ignorant of the
earth who are fostered in ambition and lust are heedless of the matured W'isdom of the
True Wise One and are speaking and working in imaginations and fancies.
saints of GOD and His loyal ones! Kings are the appearances of power and the day-
springs of the might and wealth of the True One. Pray in their behalf, for the govern-
ment of the earth is ordained to those souls; but the hearts He hath appointed for Himself.
He hath forbidden dispute and strife with an absolute prohibition in the Book (Kimb-
el-Akdas). This is the command of G01) in this Greatest Manifestation, and He hath pre-
served it from any order of annulment and hath adorned it with the ornament of confirma-
tion. Verily He is the All-Knowing and the All--Wise!
It is incumbent upon all to aid those souls who are the day--spring's of authority and the
dawning-points of command, and who are adorned with the ornament of equity and justice.
Blessings be upon the princes and learned ones in Baha. These are My trusted ones
amongst My servants; these are the rising-points of My commandments amongst My
creatures. Upon them be My Glory, My Mercy and My Grace which have surrounded
all the existence!
It is revealed in the Kitab-el-Akdas concerning this, that which from the Horizons
of its \Nords, the Lights of the Divine Bounties gleam, rise, and glitter.
My Branches! In this Existent Being the greatest strength and the most perfect
power is hidden and concealed; look towards It and gaze in the direction of Its union and
not at Its seeming differences. This is the TESTAMENT or G01), that the Branches (Aghsan),
Twigs (Afnan), and Relations (Muntessabcen), must each and every one look to the
Greatest Branch (Ghusn Azam). Reflect upon that which is revealed in My Book, The
the Ocean of My Presence hath disappeared and the Book of Origin is
achieved to the end, turn your faces towards Him whom Goo hath purposed, 'Who hath
branched from this Pre-Existent Root." The aim of this blessed verse hath been the
Greatest Branch. We have likewise elucidated the Command as a favor from before Us;
and I am the Generous, the All-Dispenser!
[Continued on page ten]

