STAR OF THE WEST 5
All people are of one family, and all should
feel to one another as father, mother, sister,
daughter.
I hope you will spread this teaching of

has said that if it were possible
one should love one's enemy and act the same
towards him as though he were a friend. If
all followed this principle, the greatest Unity
and understanding would be established in the
hearts of men.
"Knowledge is like unto wings for the being of man, and is as a ladder for ascending.
To acquire hnowledge is incumbent on all, but of those sciences which may profit the peo-
ple of the earth, and not such sciences as begin in mere words and end in mere words.
The possessors of sciences and arts have a great right among the people of the world.
Indeed, the real treasury of man is his knowledge. Knowledge is the means of honor,
gladness, happiness and of Paradise.

THE THIRD PRINCIPLE.
Unity of Religion and Science.
ESTERDAY I spoke to you of the Sec-
ond Principle of the Teaching of 
the Unity of Mankind. The first,
as I have said, is the Search after Truth. The
third is the acceptance of the Relation between
Religion and Science.
There is no contradiction existing between
True Religion and" Science. When a Religion
is opposed to Science it becomes mere super-
stition. How can a man believe that which
Science has proved impossible? If he believes
in spite of his reason it is rather ignorant su-
perstition than faith.
The origin. of Science and Religion is iden-
tical. Religious principles have all been based
on Science. The Unity of God is logical and
can be understood through scientific study.
All religi-ons teach that we must do good.
This is logical, the only way humanity can
progress. We must be generous, sincere,
faithful, law-abiding. All this is reasonable.
All religious laws conform to reason and are
logically suited to the people for whom they
are made and for the time in which they are
practiced.
Religion has two principal parts: 
Practical and (bi) Spiritual. The spiritual
part never changes. All the manifestations of
God and the Prophets have taught the same
truths and have given the same spiritual law.
The Sun of Truth has sent forth many rays
to illumine the human intelligence, the light is
always the same. They all teach the same
code of morality. There is no division in the
Truth.
The practical part of religion deals with
outer forms and ceremonies. This is the ma-
terial part of the law and guides the customs
of the people.
In the time of Moses there were ten offences
deserving capital punishment. When the
Christ came the law was changed. The old
law, an for an and a tooth for a tooth,
was changed to one of mercy and forbearance.
In the old days the punishment for theft was
the cutting off of the right hand; in our days
this law could not be applied. Nowadays he
who curses his father is allowed to live; then
he was put to death.
So we see that, whereas the spiritual law
0-f religion never changes, the practical law
treating with actions changes with the neces-
sities of the time.
It is the spiritual and moral part of religious
law that is the most important of the two.
All questions of morality contained in the law
of every religion are logically right. If re-
ligion is contrary to logic, then it is no longer
a religion but merely a tradition. This is cer-
tain. Therefore, put all your beliefs in har-
m-ony with science. There rnust be no oppo-
sition. Religion and science are the two
wings with which man's intelligence can soar
into the heights. It is not possible to fly with
one wing alone.
All religions of the present day have fallen
into superstitious practices, which are out of
harmony both with true principles of the
teaching they represent and with the scientific
discoveries of the time. This has the effect
of making people think that science and reli-
gion must of necessity be opposed to one an-
other.
If religion conformed to science, there
would be a great unifying, cleansing force in
the -World which would sweep before it all
wars and disagreement, all disunion and in-
harmony, and men would be united in the
power of the love of God.

