STAR OF THE WEST 5
finally, banishment from Roumelia to the most
great prison, Akka.
During His lifetime He was restless every
moment. He did not pass one night in rest-
ful sleep. He bore all these ordeals and
calamities and difficulties in order that in the
world of humanity a manifestation of selfless-
ness might become apparent; in order that the
"Most Great Peace" might become a reality;
in order that souls might become as the very
angels of heaven; in order that heavenly
miracles might become perfected among men;
in order that the faith of humanity might
become adequate; in order that the precious,
priceless bestowal of God in the human tern-
ple, namely the human mind might develop
to its fullest capacity; in order that the chil-
dren of men might become likenesses of God,
even as it has been stated in the Bible: "We
shall create men in our own image."
To be brief, He bore all these ordeals and
calamities that our hearts might become bright,
our spirits glad, our difficulties replaced by
virtues, our ignorance transformed into knowl-
edge; in order that We might obtain the fruits
of humanity and acquire heavenly grace; al-
though we are upon the earth we may travel
in the Kingdom; although needy we shall re-
ceive the treasures of heaven. For this has
He borne these difficulties.
Trust all to God! The lights of God are
resplendent. The Blessed Epistles are spread-
ing. The Blessed Teachings are promulgated
in the East and in the West. You will shortly
see that the Blessed Teachings have established
the oneness of the world of humanity. The
banner of the "Most Great Peace" has been
unfurled, and The Great Community is at
hand.
BY ABDUL--BAHA AT BROTHERI-IOOD
CI-IURCI-I (REV. HOWARD COLBY IvEs, PASTOR),
BERGEN AND FAIRVIEW JERSEY CITY,
MAY 19, 1912.
Stenographic Notes by Miss Esther Foster.
INTRODUCTION BY REV. HOWARD IVES.
Reading from Hidden 
FRIENDS, this is a most wonderful
age ;--the most wonderful age in human
history. This is the age of which poets
have dreamed and prophets have spoken since
the dawn of time. The Kingdom of Heaven is
at hand. Do you realize how short a time ago
it is that such a scene as this would be abso-
lutely impossible? Do you realize that now,
this is the first decade, I might say,--certainly
the first quarter of a century when not only free
speech is heard from the pulpit, but in every
pulpit in the land it is possible to welcome
people of other sects, nay of other creeds, nay
of other nations? The Scotch Covenanter,
Richard. Cameron, not so many years ago, on
the last Sunday before his death, preached
from his pulpit that he hoped that blood and
fire could be used against the Church of Rome;
--that he would be in favor of war against all
Catholicism, and he hoped it would break out
in Scotland first.
Now we have with us tonight a representative
of the Orient,--a part of the country almost
within gunshot of Nazareth,--a man who
comes to us with a great and wonderful mes-
sage. He hardly set foot within this country
before he was asked by Percy Stickney Grant,
Pastor of the Church of the Ascension, to
occupy his pulpit on the next Sunday morning.
Percy Stickney Grant, one of God's heroes,
exposed himself to criticism and no slight
annoyance to express publicly his belief in true
religion. And since then, Where has this
brother of ours been? I would almost say
everywhere. He has been asked to speak to
the most diverse people. He has gone from
Columbia University to the Bowery Mission.
He has gone from the African Church to speak
at a meeting of the New Thought Society.
Wlierever he has gone he has brought the great
leveler of the Spirit of God. He' has in truth
come here to teach us the lesson of humanity,
and I pray God with all my heart that this
night may be to Brotherhood Church
wonderful blessing; that we may get his
Spirit, the Spirit of Self-sacrifice.
You know something of his life probably,
but let me tell you as I may briefly, that he has
spent over forty years in prison for this Truth.
His Father died in prison,--a Great Teacher of
the human race. He comes out of this prison
and steps into the great societies of Paris, Lon-
don and America. He finds the world open to
receive him. He comes with nothing to back
him. He has no great letters of credit; he has
no great introductions; he does not even speak
our language. Ah, but he speaks the language
of the heart and the heart understands!
I hope I may be allowed to make one per-
sonal allusion, which may be pardoned if it is
not exactly what our brother here would Wish:
There have come to this country vast numbers
of socalled prophets,--people who came with
a 11ewis1n,--something a little different,--With
the twang of the Orient about it, and flocks of
people go to them and pour out their money and
enthusiasm. These Orientals line their pockets

