STAR OF THE WEST 19
Annaass OF ABDUL--BAHA AT THE 
RECEPTION, STUDIO HALL, WEDNESDAY,
APRIL 24, 1912.*
HAT a Wonderful meeting this is!
o? What a wonderful meeting this is!
These are the children of the Kingdom.
(After a song by Miss McFall, accompanied
by Mr. Mayo 2)
Truly I say this song was very delightful.
Also this lady sang very beautifully; the
accompanist played the song very effectively.
Both of them demonstrated the most efficient
art. Whetlier in melody or i11 words, the
song was very beautiful.
The art of music is Divine and effective.
It is the food of the spirit and the soul. The
spirit of man is exhilarated through the notes
and charms of music. Especially it has a
wonderful sway and effect over the hearts of
children. For their souls are pure-as their
hearts are very pure the music will display in
their hearts great effect. Music will become
the cause of the expression of the latent tal-
ents endowed in their hearts. You must exert
yourselves so that you may teach the children
the art of music; so that they may sing with
greatest effect. It is incumbent upon each
child to know something of the art of music.
For unless he is acquainted with the art of
music, he cannot enjoy the art of singing and
melody. Likewise it is necessary that the
schools teach the art of music to the pupils,
so that they may enjoy life m-ore thoroughly.
So that their souls and hearts m.ay become
vivified and rexhilarated. Today illumined
and spiritual children are gathered in this
meeting. There are children of the Kingdom.
The Kingdom of God is for these souls. For
they are near to the Kingdom. They have
pure hearts. They have spiritual faces. The
effect of the teachings is manifest in their
hearts, for their hearts are very pure. That
is why His Highness Christ has addressed the
World saying: "Be like unto the children."
That is, men must become pure in heart. The
teachings must have great effect. Spiritual
souls; tender souls! The hearts of all the
children are pure. Of the utmost purity! It
has no dust. But this is on account of weak-
ness, not on account of any strength. As it
is in the early period of childhood their hearts
are pure. They cannot display any great in-
telligence. They have not hypocrisy, nor
*Translated by Mirza Ali Kuli Khan and taken
stenographically by Joseph H. Hannen.
strategem. This is on account of the weakness.
But the man becomes pure through the power
of strength. Through the power of intelli-
gence and understanding, he becomes simple
the great power of reason. He
becomes sincere through the great power of
intelligence, not through the power of weak-
ness. man attains to the great state
of perfection, he will receive these qualities;
his heart becomes pure, his spirit becomes
enlightened, his soul becomes tender, and this
through the great strength. This is the dif-
ference between the prefect man and the
child. Both have the great, simple underlying
qualities. But the child through the power of
weakness and the man through the power of
strength. I pray in behalf of these children
and beg confirmation and assistance in their
behalf from the Kingdom of ABHA, so that
each of these children may be trained under
the shadow of the Protection of God; each
one may become like an ignited candle in
the world of humanity; each one may become
like a tender and green plant in the rose
garden of that these children may be
so trained and so educated that they give
life to the world of humanity; that they may
receive insight; that they may bestow hearing
to the people of the world; that they may
plant the life eternal, and that they may be
accepted in the Threshold of God; that they
may become so characterized, with such vir-
tues and such perfections and such qualities,
that their mothers will be proud; that their
fathers become well pleased; that their rela-
tives may become hopeful. This is my hope.
I give you my advice, and it is this: You
must train these children--you must give them
Divine Exhortations. From their childhood
you must put in their hearts the Love of God,
so that they may become the manifestors of
the fear of God; so they may have the fear
of the Divine, and that they may become hope-
ful in the bestowals of God; so that day by
day they may become free from the imper-
fections of humanity and acquire the per-
fections of the world of man. The life of
man is useful if he acquires the perfections of
man. If he becomes the center of the imper-
fections of the world of humanity, death is
better than life. Non--existence is better
than existence. Therefore make ye an effort
so that these children may be trained and edu-
cated and that each of them may become per-
fect in the world of l1umanity_
Now there is another meeting, so that I

