STAR OF THE WEST 11
the Roman and Persian Empires extending
over a period of twenty years, in which one-
hundred thousand men were engaged upon
each side, only five or six thousand were killed.
In modern warfare there are bombs which kill
men like stripping leaves from a tree. An
Egyptian general who had served in war
against England was accused of cowardice at
a meeting in Syria. He asked those present,
'Have you ever seen an English shell? When
you see one explode among troops you will be
excused for defeat and cowardice.' 
H. M. [Making diagram.] "The effect of
a bomb is not so great as expected. Most of
its force is expended upward into the air. It
is impossible to mass men close enough to it
for a full utilization of its energy. If its ex-
plosive energy could be expended in the right
direction, it would do plenty of killing."
A. B. "The greatest intelligence of man is
being expended in the direction of killing his
fellow-man. The discovery of high explosives,
perfecting of death-dealing weapons of war,
the science of military attack, all 'this is a won-
derful manifestation of human intelligence;
but it is in the wrong direction. You are a
celebrated inventor and scientific expert whose
energies and faculties are employed in the pro-
duction of means for human destruction. Your
name has become famous in the science of war.
Now you have the opportunity of becoming
doubly famous. You must practice the science
of peace. You must expend your energies and
intelligence in a contrary direction. You must
discover the means of peace; invent guns of
love which shall shake the foundations of
humanity.
The guns you are now building cause the
death of man; you must build guns which will
be the cause of life to humanity. Henceforth
your life and energy should be given to this
blessed purpose. You must work and experi-
ment along this line. This work and accom-
plishment will be more wonderful than all you
have done heretofore. Then it will be said by
the people of the world, this is Mr. Maxim,
inventor of the guns of War, discoverer of high
explosives, military scientist, who has also dis-
covered and invented means for increasing the
life and love of manthe strife of nations and uprooted the tree of
war. This will be the most wonderful accom-
plishment of any human being. Your name
will glow with mention throughout the history
of ages and ages. Then will your life become
pregnant and productive with really great re-
sults. Consider this: the inventor of high ex-
plosives has discovered the means of universal
peace; an active worker in the science of war
has become a factor in the assembly of love!
Then will your name be recorded in the pages
of history with a pen of gold. No man in his-
tory will equal you in fame and greatness. You
will be doubly renowned. God will be pleased
with you and from every standpoint of estima-
tion you will be a perfect man."
ii
Aomzass BY ABDUL-BAI-IA AT BOWERY MISSION,
227 BOWERY, NEW YORK CITY, FRIDAY EVEN-
ING, APRIL I9, 19:2.
From Stenographie Notes,
ONIGI-IT I am very happy for I have
come here to meet my friends. I con-
sider you my relatives, my companions;
and I am your comrade.
You must be thankful to God that you are
poor, for His Holiness Jesus Christ has said,
"Blessed are the poor"; He never said: Blessed
are the rich. He said too that the Kingdom
is for the poor and that it is easier for a camel
to enter the needle's than for the rich man
to enter God's Kingdom. Therefore you must
be thankful to God that although in this world
you are indigent, yet the treasures of God are
within your reach; and although in the ma-
terial realm you are poor, yet in the Kingdom
of God you are precious. His Holiness Jesus
himself was poor. He did not belong to the
rich. He passed His time in the desert travel-
ing among the poor, and lived upon the herbs
of the field. He had no place to lay His head;
no home. He was exposed in the open to heat,
cold and frost; to inclement weather of all
kinds, yet He chose this rather than riches.
If riches were considered a glory, the Prophet
Moses would have chosen them; Jesus would
have been a rich man. When Jesus Christ
appeared, it was the poor who accepted Him
first, not the rich. Therefore you are the dis-
ciples of Jesus Christ; you are His comrades,
for He outwardly was poor, not rich. Even
this earth's happiness does not depend upon
wealth. You will find many of the wealthy
exposed to dangers and troubled by difiiculties,
and in their last moments upon the bed of
death there remains the regret that they must
be separated from that to which their hearts
are so attached. They come into this World
naked and they must go from it naked. All
they possess they must leave behind and pass
away solitary, alone. Often at the time of
death, their souls are filled with remorse, and
worst of all, their hope in the mercy of God

