STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons ot men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strites,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Chicago (September 8, 1912) Eizzat No. 10
TAKING OF THE MOVING PICTURE OF ABDUL-BAHA,
THE CENTRE OF THE COVENANT.
BY J. G. GRUNDY AND H. MACNUTT
HORTLY after Abdul-Baha arrived in
New York City, a moving picture concern
requested him to pose before their cam-
era. He replied at once, "Khaili Khub ("Very
good"). Some of the Bahai friends who were
present were very much upset by the decision
and hastened to inform him that his photo-
graph Would be scattered all over the country
in moving picture houses and theatres. He
replied, "Besyar Khub" ("Most good"). The
result was that he appeared before the camera
at the entrance of the Hotel Ansonia, for a
very short film.
It was a wonderfully impressive sight, for,
Abdul-Baha as he approached the camera, was
exhorting to bless this means for
the spreading of the Heavenly Cause through-
out the world.
Early in June we conceived the idea of an
extended motion picture in which Abdul--Bal1a
would appear in various scenes. He consented
at once, and made every effort-after several
postponements on account of the 
have the picture completed. The response of
the friends by subscription was most willing
and generous. The picture was taken at the
home of Mr. and Mrs. Howard MacNutt, 935
Eastern Parkway, Brooklyn, N. Y.
The first scene was somewhat curtailed by
the fact that Abdul-Baha did not remain in
focus, but hurried into the house, somewhat
disarranging the scenario. This happened .also
in the fourth scene where he appears alone;
we had hoped he would stand longer before
the camera. Abdul-Baha seemed very much
impressed by all the scenes, especially the final
utterances coming forth with
wonderful intensity and power. All these were
never--to-be--forgotten scenes, but those who
beheld his countenance in the final utterance
of the "Glad-Tidings" will treasure the mem-
ory of it forever.
"The souls ot little children are as mirrors upon which no dust has gathered."

