STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity ot religion shall cease and diiferences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strites,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Chicago (March Z1, 1912) Baha' No. 1
TEACHINGS OF 
FROM DISCOURSES GIVEN BY ABDUL-BAHA IN LONDON AND PARIS.
"Sh0iiZdst thou make the mirror of the heart pare and clear from the dust of prejzidice,
thou wilt compreheiid all the symbols in the sayings of the perfect Word of Divinity in
every Manifestation arid be informed of the mysteries of knowledge. B1/ll, unless than de-
stroyest with the fire of Severance the veils of learning which are c01ivehtiohal among the
servants, thou wilt not attain to the brilliant morn of the Ideal of Ighan.
THE FIRST PRINCIPLE OF THE TEACHING or
BAHAJOJLLAI-I rs:
The Search after Truth.
ORDER to search after the Truth, men
I must shut their eyes to all the traditional
superstitions of the past.
The jews have traditional superstitions, the
Christians also; also the Zoroastrians, the Bud-
dhists. All religions are bound by traditions
and dogma, all consider they themselves are
right and the rest are wrong. The Jews be-
lieve themselves to be the only possessors of
the Truth and condemn all other religions;
the Christians say their religion is the only
true one and all others are false; likewise the
Buddhists and 1\/Iohammedans, all limit them-
selves. If all condemn one another, where
can we search for Truth? All contradict one
another, all cannot be true. If each considers
their Religion as the only true one, it is im-
possible for them to see the Truth in the
others.
If a Iew is bound by the external practice
of the Religion of Israel, he can never under-
stand that Truth can exist in any other Re-
ligion but his own. We must, therefore, detach
ourselves from forms and external practices
of Religion if we wish to see the Truth and
reality of others. We must abandon the pre-
judices of tradition.
If a Zoroastrian believes that the Sun is
God, how can he be united to other religions?
The idolators believe in their idols, how can
they understand the Unity of God?
It is clear then that in order to search after
Truth We must detach ourselves from super-
stition._ If all men would follow this principle,
Truth would he found and they would have a
clear vision.
If five people meet together to search for
Truth, they must begin by putting aside their
own special convictions and renounce their own
prejudices. In order to find Truth we must
give up our small ideas. The fact that we
imagine ourselves to be right and every one
else to be wrong, is the greatest obstacle in
the path of Unity, and Unity is necessary if we
desire to find Truth.
Therefore we must renounce our own par-
ticular prejudices and superstitions if we are
in earnest in our search for Truth. Unless
we make a distinct division between dogma,
superstition, prejudice, on the one hand, and
Truth on the other, w-e shall never succeed.
Wlicn We Wish to find a thing we Search for
it everywhere, therefore we must carry this
principle out in our search for Truth.
Science must be accepted. Light is good in
whatever lamp it is burning; a rose is beauti-
ful in whatever garden it grows; a star has
the same radiance from whatever point it
rises.
Have no prejudices. You must love the Sun
wherever it rises. If the Sun of Truth Shines
in Jesus, it has also shone in Moses and in

