STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post office at Chicago. Illinois. under the Act of March 3.1879.
ALBERT R. Wrnnusr -- EDIT OR Gsarnvos
Persian Editor--MmzA AHMAD Sorman, 509 McLachlen B1dg.,Washington,
pod
05
GIN
- rm

Pa-
Associate Editor-DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI, Chicago
TERMS $1.00 per year 10 cents per copy.
Nate --Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, Ill.. U, S. A,
To personal checin please add suflicient to cover the bani: exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI News P. O. Box 283, Chicago, U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS oopl
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which 1s organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame_ will be raised and become at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness 
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Asians.
Vol. Chicago (May 17, 1912) Azamat No. 4-
A NEW BOOK.
A book entitled, "Bahaism, The Religion
of Brotherhood," by Francis Henry Skrine,
F. R. Hist. S., Indian Civil Service (Retired),
has recently been published by Longmans,
Green Co., 39 Paternoster Row, London.
It is Written in the brief and convincing style
of one who knows his subject. It gives an
outline of the evolution of the aesthetic in-
stinct, culminating in a dramatic pen picture
of the volcanic condition of humanity through-
out the World today. A strong undercurrent
of conviction that idealism is to conquer and
that the Bahai Movement meets the need of
the hour pervades the book. It says:
"Conditions throughout the world resemble
those which prevailed at the births of Christ,
of Gautama, and Mohammed. A Teacher is
eagerly looked for who shall focus the mass of
unco-or-dinated effort and voice the aspirations
of an unqu-iet "age; The gospel of Abdul-Baha
is, therefore, making extraordinary progress.
It appeals with equal force to Christians, Mos-
lems, and to Jews; to Hindus, Buddhists,
Shinto-ists, Taoists, and Parsis. Persia, Syria,
and Egypt are full of the leaven of Bahaism;
from every Eur-opcan country enquirers and
proselytes are flocking to its standard. The
United States of America is a specially fa-
vourable culture-ground for the beneficent mi-
crobe of brotherhood. Its citizens stand at the
parting of the ways: their civilization will
either usher in a millennium or re-plunge the
world into utter barbarism. It has generated
commercialism on an unprecedented scale, and
therefore suppressed the aesthetic instinct.
. . . But the Puritan soul has risen in revolt
against gross materialism and predatory
Wealth. Bahaism may come with a rush that
nothing can resist."
AMERICAFS OPPORTUNITY.
The statement in the book above referred to
that the United States stands in a unique posi-
tion among the nations of the world at this
time, is another call that should awaken in us
an appreciation of the great opportunity--we
are tempted to say responsibility-- of America.
Abdul-Baha, at the conclusion of his address
delivered at Cleveland, Ohio~see page 32 of
this issue--states it thus:
"This American nation is a revered nation
and presents great and deserved worthiness.
I hope this fair government will stand for
peace, so that warfare may not reign in the
world, that the b-anner of peace shall be un-
furled, and all nations shall be united together,
which is the greatest attainment of the world
of humanity. It is equipped to accomplish that
which shall surely adorn the pages of history,
become the envy of the World, and be blest in
the East and the West because of its democ-
racy. I hope it may be the cause thereof, and
I ask God in behalf of you all."
F- 
The STAR or THE WEST is indebted to Mr.
Honore Jaxon, 1751 West Lake Street, Chi-
cago, for the photographs from which the ex-
cellent illustrations appearing in this issue
were made.

