STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
taith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
it e1' ll diff ll it ll th fruitles strif 
at divers yo 1" lglons a cease an erences 0 race annu . a e; ese 
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the Most Great Peace' shall 
V01. Chicago (December 31, 1912) Sharaf No. 16
flee

 

/wlmfi
.. 

1
I 


ABDUL--BAHA AT GREEN ACRE.
BY CHARLES MASON REMEY.
ITH the fulfillment of the Divine prom-
oc ises of the past in the coming of the
Bab and and the estab-
lishment of God's Kingdom upon earth, there
have appeared countless signs in the realm of
humanity indicative of this great day. These,
when viewed in the light of this new revela-
tion, are seen to be as ways preparing people
and making them ready to receive the Mani-
festation of God, to accept His teaching and
to abide according to His laws.
One of the earliest of these signs was the
so-called Millerite, or latterly known Advent-
ist Movement which taught people that the
coming of the Lord was very near at hand.
Following this were very many other move-
ments in various parts of the world, all of
which were forecasts of this great event to
Which the prophets of all ages testified "The
coining of the Day of God," when the Cove-
nant of God should be fulfilled and the Divine
promise of "Peace on earth" would be realized
by all mankind.
Most people recall the Congress of Relig-
ions held i11 connection with the Columbian
Exposition in Chicago in 1893. Before this
gathering representatives of all the great
world religions spoke, each expounding the
philosophy of his own religious system. The
effect of this philosophic congress was that of
broadening the public mind, and many people
realized that the one spirit of Truth was at
the root of each true religion.
Shortly after the Columbian Exposition,
Miss Sarah I. Farmer, of Eliot, Maine, estab-
lished the summer school at Green Acre, on
the Piscataqua. Her idea was to provide a
platform open to all, from which each might
proclaim his message, whatever it might be,
the only restriction being that each speaker

