STAR OF THE WEST 7
are inferior. An ignorant man, filled with the
Holy Spirit, is powerful. He who is edu-
cated by the Holy Spirit, can in his turn edu-
cate others in the same Spirit.
I pray for you that you may be helped by
the Holy Spirit and that you may receive the
education thereof.
The life and morals of a spiritual man are
in themselves an education to others. Let
your thoughts, words and actions bring life
to those around you. Do not think of your
own limitations, dream only of the welfare
of the Kingdom of ABHA. See the influence
of Jesus Christ among His apostles, then con-
sider their influence on others. These simple
men were helped b-y the Power of the Holy
Spirit, So may you receive the Divine As-
sistance. Our capabilities are limited, but the
help of the Kingdom of ABBA is limitless.
The earth of itself has no properties of life,
but it is fertilized by the sun and the rain.
The earth must not consider its own limited
power. Likewise may you be given life, may
the rain of the Divine Mercy and the sun of
Truth make your gardens fruitful, so that
many beautiful flowers of exquisite fragrance
and hue may blossom there in abundance.
Turn your minds away from your own
forces, your own selves, and make your souls
ready to receive, to overflowing, the Divine
Power of the Spirit and the l3lfi'SEURl11gS of the
Infinite Bounty.
If you thus keep yourselves in readiness
you will become to the world of humanity a
burning flame, a star of guidance, a fruitful
tree. I pray that you may receive the bless-
ing of the Holy Spirit. This is my counsel
t0 you.

"The light of men is fustice,' quench it hot with the contrary winds of oppression and
tyranny. The pit-rpose of Justice is the of unity among people, In this exalted
Word, the sea of G0d's wisdom is m0m'hg,- all the books of the world are hot Stt_fi'lCle'7'Zl to
contain its of Paradise.

TI-IE ETGHTI-I PRINCIPLE
J1/tstice.
life man should hope for reward and -fear
I punishment. It is necessary that this hope
and this fear should be considered by those
in authority and those who have important
posts in the government. If the officials are
not guided by these sentiments, it is to be
feared that they will not act as they ought to.
This hope and fear are like pillars that
support the altitude of the world. There is
no better prevention of tyranny than these
two sentiments, hope 'and fear. In reaction-
ary governments where fear does not exist,
the administration is badly managed.
There are both political and spiritual con-
sequences. A man who takes into considera-
tion spiritual consequences is a perfect gov-
ernment offlcial. If a man is guided by re-
ligious feeling and by the respect of the law,
he will act in a perfect manner.
A minister of government, if he is guided
by Divine faith, will always act for the good,
above all if he knows that the consequences
of his act are -without limit. Such a man will
detach himself from tyranny and will work
for Justice.
If men believed that they will reap the con-
sequences of their actions in the next world,
they would never act contrary to Justice. You
see then ho-w important it is that a minister
of state should be religious.
At the same time religious interests should
not be brought into politics. Religions should
treat of morals; politics of material circum-
stances. Those in authority should occupiy
themselves with the lives of men, they should
teach ideas of service, good morals and de-
velop the habit of Iustice. "Render un-to
Caesar the things that are C2esar's, and unto
God the things that are God's." In Persia
there are among the most important ministers
of state religious men who fear divine pun-
ishment; the others, however, do not think
of the consequences of their acts. This is the
reason why they have great clifficulties in
Persia.
Friends of God, set forth the example of
Iustice! Iustice is a universal quality. From
the highest to the lowest justice should be
sacred: from the sovereign to the merchant,
the minister of state to the artisan, all must
be just. Be just, respect the rights of each
man~"do unto others as you would have
them do unto you." A workman who com-
mits an injustice is as much to blame as a
tyrant. Each one of us can choose between
justice and injustice.
I hope you will be just in your relations
with others, that you will never harm your
fellows, that you will respect the rights of all
men, and above all consider the rights of
others before your own.

