4 STAR OF
should expound his theories in the spirit of
toleration toward all holding views other than
his own.
At Green Acre there gathered scholars and
speakers from every nation, race and religion.
Thus began the work of trying to find a com-
mon ground upon which all people could meet
in brotherhood.
In the abstract Green Acre has always
stood for peace and harmony, despite that in
the concrete she has harbored under her tent
such a heterogeneous combination of c-reeds,
philosophies and doctrines.
In the spring of the year the land is pre-
pared to receive the new crop. During the
process of plowing whatever is growing is sac-
rificed, uprooted and overturned in order to
make ready the soil for the seed to be sown.
Such has been the work of each of these
movements, which has prepared the souls of
people for the Bahai Message of Peace and
Brotherhood. Each has been the direct cause
of a general sacrifice, uprooting and overturn-
ing of the doctrines, ideas and thoughts im-
posed up-on mankind from the people and
thinkers of the past, and thus has humanity
been prepared to receive the revealed 'i/Vord of
God which is the seed of the Kingdom.
In the days of Babel the people tried to
make a way to heaven out of the material of
this earth, and great confusion resulted.
Never has any organic or spiritual unity re-
sulted from the coming together of people
upon the basis of creeds, philosophies or doc-
trines. Such theories, which come from the
minds of men, are not spiritual truths, but are
the products of human minds, therefore they
form no foundation whatever for divinely
spiritual realities. \1Vhen people deal with
such unrealities, confusion always results, yet
this very confusion creates spiritual hunger
and thirst and causes people to earnestly seek
God in spirit.
When the Bahai Message was given at
Green Acre, some storm-tossed and seeking
souls responded to the call and a small center
of the faith was there established. Each suc-
ceeding season has added to both the spiritual
strength and material numbers of this group
until this year these people of the Covenant
had the blessed privilege of Welcoming to their
midst Abdul-Baha, the Center of the Covenant.
Abdul-Baha remained in Green Acre one
week. His addresses and interviews were
many. The hearts of all who contacted with
him were quickened with the joy and love of
THE WEST
the Kingdom, and many souls were spiritually
confirmed, realized his mission and received
through him inspiration to follow in his path
of service to humanity.
The people of the future will understand
the spiritual importance of Abdul-Baha's work
at Green Acre. One thought which he reiter-
ated more than once was that now the people
assembled at Green Acre should devote their
time and attention only to the s19'i?'it'uczZ reality
of religion. Spiritual reality is spiritual life
and light, while the creeds, philosophic sys-
tems and doctrines of the past ages blind peo-
ple to the basic truth of all religions, which
basic truth has again been given to the world
through the inspired revealers of the Bahai
Movement.
It was quite evident to all that Abdul-Baha
enjoyed the spiritual atmosphere of the Green
Acre people, for gathered there he found many
responsive souls. These friends are confident
that Abdul-Baha's visit, which was indeed a
spiritual benediction, is going to have a great
and lasting effect upon their community, for
now all wish to adhere only to the spiritual
realities, freeing themselves from all else.
Abdul-Baha prophesied great things for the
future of the work at Green Acre if the peo-
ple adhered firmly to the spiritual reality of
Truth.
The original Green Acre ideal had its mis-
sion to perform. It gathered together people
to receive the spiritual teachings of the Bahai
Message. That being accomplished, it has ful-
filled its mission according to the lines pre-
scribed and outlined by its founder. Little di
Miss Farmer and her friends realize, when
they started this work, that the Covenant of
God would be proclaimed there, and that the
Center of the Covenant would actually appear
there and teach the people!
Now, through the bounty of God, a new and
a great opportunity is offered to Green Acre,
that of becoming a great center for the study
of the Covenant and the investigation of spir-
itual reality. Green Acre has diligently
sought the Truth from all sources, and she has
found it, and now her work lies in nurturing
souls in the pure reality of The T4'/ord of God.
Abdul-Baha is supplicating God to make
firm in the Covenant the friends in all parts of
the world. It, therefore, behooves every one
to seek shelter in the Covenant, realizing that
this is the day of the Center of the Covenant,
Abdul-Baha.

