14 STAR OF
and found all three, my soul, my God, my
brother"?
In the name of God we welcome our brother,
the Servant of the Lord, Abdul-Baha.
ADDRESS BY ABDUL-BAHA.
Although I felt indisposed this afternoon,
yet because I attach great importance to this
assembly, and because I was longing to see
your faces, here am I. I am most grateful for
the expression of kindly feelings on the part
of the former speakers. Truly they have ex-
pressed the greatest spirit of hospitality toward
me. I am thankful for the susceptibilities of
your hearts, for I discover that the greatest
desire of all of you is no other than Inter-
national Peace. You are all lovers of the one-
ness of humanity, you are all seekers after the
good pleasure of the Lord, and you all investi-
gate the foundations of the Divine Religions.
Today there is no greater glory for men
than that of service in the cause of the Most
Great Peace, for Peace is light, whereas war
is darkness; Peace is life, whereas war is
death; Peace is guidance, whereas war is mis-
guidance; Peace is the foundation of God,
war is the Satanic institution; Peace is con-
ducive to the illumination of the world of
humanity, Whereas war is the destroyer of the
human foundations. When we glance at the
phenomenal outcomes, We observe that Peace
and amity are factors of existence; Whereas
war and strife are the cause of decomposition.
All the phenomenal objects which we see are
expressions of the amity or affinity of elemen-
tary substances, and non-existence is no other
than lack of amity or discord. For example,
various elements have come together, have
united and entered into an admixture, the
outcome of which is composite being, and when
these elements have become discordant, shun-
ning one another, non--eXistence will result. All
phenomenal beings are likewise, for the founda-
tion of God in all the degrees and kingdoms is
an expression or an outcome of love. Consider
how the human world is ever restless because
of war. Peace is health, whereas war is ill-
ness. When the banner of truth is raised,
peace becomes the cause of the welfare and
well-being of the human world. In all cycles
and all ages war has been a factor of discom-
fort; whereas peace and amity have been con-
ducive to comfort and welfare ;--especially in
this century, because in former centuries war-
fare did not attain to the savagery which now
characterizes it. If two powers or two nations
waged war against each other, at most ten thou-
THE WEST
sand or twenty thousand would be sacrificed,
but if in this century war shall be declared, in
one day it is possible to do away with one
hundred thousand human souls, for decisive
instruments of destruction have been invented
with which it is possible to destroy a country
in an hour. It is possible to render non-
existent a Whole nation in a day; so perfected
has become the science of war, results today
cannot be compared with results in the past
ages. It is a certain law of being that for every
phenomenal thing there is a consummation, and
because the instruments of war have attained
this thoroughness and perfection, it is hoped
that now they will be transformed for peaceful
purposes. Therefore all of us are hopeful that
this revered Society for International Peace,
according to its sincere intentions may be con-
firmed and reinforced by God. Thus may the
Society contribute to the time when the banner
of International Peace will be hoisted and
Universal Peace shall be proclaimed the
cause of International Welfare shall consum-
mate, and this darkness which encompasses the
world pass away.
Sixty years ago His Holiness 
was in Persia. Seventy years ago His Holi-
ness the Bab, appeared. The institutions of
these two blessed souls were for International
Peace and love among mankind. They put
forth efforts with their lives and souls, in order
to bring together divergent people, until no
strife should remain, no rancor or hatred pre-
vail. His holiness addressing
all humanity, said that His Holiness Adam the
parent of humanity may be likened to the tree,
whereas you are like unto the leaves and blos-
soms of that tree. Inasmuch as your origin
was one, now likewise, you must be united and
agreed. You must consort with each other
and associate with one another in perfect amity
and accord, for He pronounced religious preju-
dice, racial prejudice, patriotic prejudice and
political prejudice to be the destroyers of the
body politic. You must look at the oneness
which exists in humanity. Originally you be-
long to the same household. You are the
servants of the same God. You are all of
human kind, and it is becoming that you should
be in the state of the utmost love. You
must emulate the institutions of God and shun
Satanic promptings, for the divine bestowals
are ever conducive to unity and accord;
whereas Satanic promptings call man to strife
and war.
Among all the differing sects and divergent
people of Persia, this remarkable personage

