S.TAR OF THE WEST 7
ent communities, He cemented together the
sciences of Rome and the greatness of Greece.
He also brought and established affiliation be-
tween the Assyrian kingdom and the power
of Egypt. It had been impossible to establish
unity, love, accord and agreement between
these nations but His Highness the Christ,
through the Divine power, established this
condition among the children of men.
Now a much greater difficulty is encoun-
tered when we desire to establish this great
unity between the Orient and the Occident!
His Highness through the power
of heaven, has established union between the
East and the West. Ere long we shall know
that the East and the West are cemented to-
gether with the power of God. That oneness
of the kingdom of humanity will supplant the
banner of conquest and bring under its shade
all communities of the earth. N-o nation like
Persia will be left. America will be known
only in name; Germany also; France, Eng-
land, Turkey, Arabia--all these various na-
tions will be welded together in unity. When
they ask the people of these various nations in
the future, "To which nationality do you be-
long?" the answer will be "To the nationality
of human beings. I am living under the
shadow of I am the servant of
I belong to the army of the
'Most Great Peace'." The people in the future
will not say, belong to the nation of Eng-
land, France or Persia." All of them will be-
come citizens of one nation. All of them will
be considered one family, all will belong to
one country and these Warfares and strifes will
pass away.
His Highness appeared in a
country which was the center of prejudice.
I11 that country were many different communi-
ties. There were many religious sects and de-
nominations. The greatest animosity of the
past existed among these people. They Were
ready to kill each other. They considered the
killing of others who did not believe as they
did a great act of worship. His Highness
established such a unity and
agreement between these various communities
that the greatest love and amity are now wit-
nessed among them.
Today the Bahais of the East are longing
with the greatest desire to see you face to
face. Their highest hope, their greatest aspira-
tion, is that the day may come when they will
be gathered together in an assembly with you.
Consider well the power that made this great
change.
Today the human world is sick. To heal
this sick body of the world will need the one-
ness of the kingdom of humanity. Its life is
the "Most Great Peace." Its illumination is
love. Its happiness consists in the acquirement
of the perfections of this world. I hope and
trust that in the bounties and favors of the
Blessed Perfection we may find a new life,
acquire a new power, attain to a great and
Wonderful source of energy so that the foun-
dations of the unity of the world of men may
establish the "Most Great Peace." May the
love of God from this city, from this meeting,
be spread to all the surrounding countries.
Nay, may America become the center of spirit-
ual enlightenment and all the world receive this
great heavenly blessing. For America has
developed Wonderful capabilities and powers.
The capabilities of the people in this countfy
are greater than other nations. It is true that
the people have perfected a most wonderful
material civilization. I hope that the spiritual
forces may likewise animate this great body.
May the inhabitants of this country become
like angels of heaven with faces turned to-
wards God. May all of them become the
servants of the Great One.. May they rise
from the perfections of materialism to such a
height that heavenly illumination may emanate
from this center to all the countries of the
World.
The Divine Jerusalem has come down from
heaven. The bride of Zion has appeared. The
voice of the Kingdom of God has been raised.
I hope that you may attain great capacity and
magnetism in this realm of might and power,
--that you may manifest wonderful energy
and God is your As-
sister and your Helper. The breath of the
Holy Spirit is your comforter and the angels
of heaven surround you. I desire this power
for you. Rest assured that these benefits are
surrounding you.
TALK BY ABDUL--BAHA AT 261 r39rH
Sr, New YORK CITY (H0ME or MR. AND
Mas. ARTHUR P. Donors), APRIL 16, I9I2.
Notes by Miss Juliet Thompson.
we have a temporary
ll/Iashrak-el-Azkar?
Abdul-Baha--In those places where
they have no Mashrak-el-Azkar they rent a
house and call it by that name. Today the
Mashrak-el-Azkar in Chicago has great im-
portance. All the Bahais must turn their
faces in that direction. Why is it so impor-

