STAR OF THE WEST 5
ment of our own interests. We have not
known enough of the ideals of other countries.
As a rule we meet only immigrants and dis-
contented wanderers from foreign lands. But
recently this has been changed and the aspect
is wider. Our press is not the reflector of
foreign news. Our people travel in distant
countries; but few important and influential
foreigners come to visit us. Our purpose in
the Peace Society is not only to establish the
doctrines of peace but to defend the principles
of human brotherhood; to acquaint the people
of this country with foreign matters and pro-
vide opportunity that they may meet and know
foreign men. Therefore we take advantage of
every opportunity to introduce such men to
our people. We will be very glad and greatly
honored to arrange a reception under the
auspices of the New York Peace Society at
which Abdul-Baha can address a large assem-
blage, meet our friends and exchange mutual
sentiments. I have just come from the home
of Mr. Carnegie. He is not able to go out
owing to a. throat aifection, but will be glad to
receive Abdul-Baha at his home. Mr. and
Mrs. Carnegie will attend the Peace Confer-
ence at Lake Mohonk in June. As I under-
stand Abdul-Baha will be there also, the meet-
ing with Mr. Carnegie might be mutually ar-
ranged then. Acquaintances and friendships
begun at Lake Mohonk will be most pleasant
at a reception thereafter."
A. B. go to Washington next week. Is
there time enough before my departure to ar-
range the plans suggested?"
Mr. S. "It would be better if we had more
time. Something could be arranged, but it is
doubtful."
A. B. "How many days in advance Would
be necessary?"
Mr. S. "There should be at least two Weeks.
Almost any date would be suitable except
Friday, May roth."
May 13th finally decided upon.
INTERVIEW WITH MR. I-Ionso. MAXIM.
r. Short remaining.
Mr. Hudson Maxim, scientist, inventor and
expert upon explosives, was then announced.
He entered.
Abdul-Baha. "Welcome! Welcome! Very
welcome!"
Hudson Maxim. am glad to hear you
speak English."
A. B. "My life has been spent in the Orient
Where foreign languages are seldom used.
Otherwise I would have acquired English.
Language is the great bairrier between nations.
When thoughts are interchanged destinies be-
come one. All languages are difiicult of ac-
quirement for the real language is deeper than
the outer words."
H. M. "Are you speaking in Turkish?"
A. B. "In Persian. I also speak Turkish
and Arabic; Turkish is very difficult. In the
East it is thought that acquiring Turkish is
equivalent td the study of three other tongues."
H. M. understand you are a messenger
of peace to this country. What is your opinion
about modern war? Shall the great nations
maintain armament and defenses as a guaran-
tee or warrant against war? [presenting
papers]. I-Iere is an article I have written
upon this subject. Shall the nations have an
international police navy which protects and
insures peace in the World, or shall they dis-
arm and have no navies 
A. B. "Everything that prevents war is
good."
H. M. "Christ said He came to make war.
Caesar was great in history because he was
great in battle and military skill."
A. B. "We have the history of the world
for nearly six thousand years. Before that
there is no record. During these six thousand
years there has been constant war, strife, blood-
shed. We can see at a glance the results,
achievements and outcomes of war. The his-
tory of warfare and strife is known, the effect
apparent. Have we not a sufiicient standard
of experience in this direction? Let us now
try peace for awhile. If good results follow,
let us adhere to it. If not let us throw it away
and fight again. Nothing will be lost by the
experiment,"
H. M. "Evolution has now reached a period
in the life of nations where commerce takes
the place of warfare. Business is war, cruel,
merciless."
A. B. "True! War is not limited to one
cause. There are many kinds of war and con-
flict going on, political war, commercial war,
patriotic and racial war this is the very civil-
ization of war."
H. M. "Do you consider the next great na-
tional War necessary?"
A. B. hope your efforts may be able to
prevent it. Why not try peace for awhile? If
we find war is better, it will not be difficult to
fight again; but if We find that peace is the
(Continued on page ten)

