18 STAR OF
so distasteful to me here." I took a copy of
this letter. Although this prison was the best
of all homes to me on account of the Blessed
Perfection's life here, yet I was so miserable
I wished to leave at any sacrifice. By the way,
all I ever heard Abbas Effendi say proved the
rumors set afloat by Mohammed Ali to be
false and untruthfu]. After I had written to
the Governor-General of Beiruit, I wrote to
the Sultan, copying this letter also. There is
a prison on the Island of Rhodes where cri1n-
inals and offenders are sent. In my letter to
the Sultan I asked that I might be sent to it.
I forwarded this letter to a man in Constan-
tinople asking him to present it to the Sultan.
Afterwards I saw Abbas Effendi and learned
that he did not sanction this action, so I wrote
immediately to the man in Constantinople,
saying, "Do not deliver the letter." I also
wrote to the Governor-General of Beiruit
countermanding my wish to be removed from
Akka. If the letter had been delivered to the
Sultan it might have been too late to change
the result. The prisoners at Rhodes are
mostly Jews and Turks. As time went on I
found it impossible for me to remain with
Mohammed Ali. Finally I went to talk with
him again. Accompanying me as a witness
to the conversation was Seyd Ali, a brother of
a son-in-law of Abbas Effendi. I said to
Mohammed Ali, "If you will go with -me to
Abbas Effendi, come and go with me now."
He said, will not go." I then took my fam-
ily and left the house. I have written two
accounts regarding this matter,--one brief,
another in full detail, beginning at the time
of the Ascension of the Blessed Perfection.
The short one has been translated into Eng-
lish; the long one is not yet translated (Jan-
uary, 1905). The latter account explains every-
thing fully and clearly shows that Mohammed
Ali's action and behavior was not on account
of his love for the Blessed Perfection but on
account of his personal feelings and jealousy.
Since I came to Abdul-Baha with my family,
fifty men and women have come back to him
in love and loyalty. Five or six returned after
a few days; and only day before yesterday five
others came to fifty in all. The
adherents to Mohammed Ali do not number
fifty all told. In Akka there are two, in Haifa
three, in Teheran one and in other places a
few. Only this small number remain in sup-
port of him. And why is this so? Because
it was not for the Glory of God but for his
own personal motives that Mohammed Ali
acted so. The Blessed Perfection said, "My
Cause is to unite men and bind them together;
and those who violate this command step
away from the protecting Shadow of My
Word." He commanded that we must sow
the seeds of love in our hearts, not the thorns
of hatred. Therefore if any of the sons of the
Blessed Perfection follow His Word they are
under the Shadow of His Command and Pro-
tection; and if not, they are afar off. For
example, if the Sultan has a Governor who
obeys the Sultan it is the duty of the people
to love and obey him because he himself is
obedient. I wish this explanation to be per-
fectly and clearly understood in America. In
THE WEST
the Persian Hidden Words, says:
Friend! In the garden of the heart plant
only flowers of love and cling to the Nightin-
gale of Love and yearning." All must know
and realize that he who says that which is not
in accordance with the Words of the Blessed
Perfection or speaks that which causes dis-
cord to arise in human souls is assuredly not
one of the servants of God and a follower of
the Blessed Perfection. It is impossible for
a true lover to desire to harm his beloved. If
he does that which injures his loved one it is
evident that his love is not true. The sign
of a true lover is that all his actions aim to
please his beloved. The first quality of a real
lover is that he sacrifices his own desire for
the wish and desire of his beloved. Moham-
med Ali has followed his own will and desire
and has left the Will and Desire of the
Beloved. This is why he failed and fell.
The English section of the next issue of the
STAR or THE will be largely if not en-
tirely devoted to the Addresses delivered by
Abdul-Baha in New York City and vicinity.
A beautiful full page illustration of the Unity
Feast given by Abdul-Baha for the Bahais of
New York City and vicinity, in West Engle-
wood, N. 1., Saturday, Iune 29th, will also ap-
pear in our next issue.
The STAR or THE WEST is indebted to Miss
Muriel Jones and Mr. A. C. Killius for the
photographs used in this issue. Originals of
the picture on page 2, may be had of Miss
Jones, 6231 Drexel Ave., Chicago. Originals
of the group picture on page 7 may be had of
Mr. Killius, 124 Fifth Ave., Spokane, Washing-
ton--unmounted, 55c; in folders, 6-5c.
Word has come to us that Abdul--Baha has
stated that booklets and leaflets pertaining to
the Bahai Cause should not be distributed in-
discriminately, but only to those who ask for
them or to those whom we believe are spirit-
ually thirsty; in other words to use wisdom in
distributing such literature.
Our Persian section this issue contains:
(I) Poem by Mirza Mahmood, regarding
Abdul-Baha's arrival in America; (2) outline
of Abdul-Baha's travels in America; (3)
Abdul-Baha's address on Science, in Clark
University, Wooster, Mass.

