STAR OF THE VVEST 5
instrument as woman to be less perfect than
she is able to become! Divine justice de-
mands that men and women should have equal
rights, there is no difference between them,
neither sex is superior to the other in the
sight of God.
Nearness to God depends not on sex but
on the 1um.inosity of the heart; he or she with
the greatest faith, these are near to God.
Vi/omen must try then to attain greater per-
fection to be man's equal in the world, to
make such progress that men will be forced
to own them as their equals in every respect.
In Europe women have made greater progress
than in the East, though they are not yet
physically as far advanced as men. It is my
hope that they may progress rapidly until hu-
manity will be perfected.
God's Bounty is for all and makes all prog-
ress. Soon men will have to acknowledge
women as their equals and there will be no
need to struggle for their rights.
\/Vhen children have finished their studies
for the term, an examination is given them
and it is by the result of this examination that
one can tell their knowledge and capacity. So
it is with Women. Let actions show one's
power, there is no need to speak oi it.
One of the Principles then of the teaching
of is the Equality of Sex. 
men must make the greatest efforts to attain
human virtue and to bring about the Unity
of Mankind.
They must struggle to spread the Teaching
of among the people, so that the
Light of the Divine Bounty may envelop their
souls.
My Servant! The best of people are they who gain by work, and spend for them-
seloes and their /ei'hch'ed in the Lone of God, the Lord of the Hidden
Woi'ds.
Children of Dust! Let the rich learn the midnight sighing of the poor, Zest negli-
gence destroy them arid they be de,bri"uerl of their jlortioit of the tree of and
Generosity are quah't1'es of flirziq/t@_ is he who adorns himself with lily 
Persian Hidden W01-(ls.
THE SIXTH PRINCIPLE
Eqztalzkatiovt of illemzs of Lz't'eZ{h00d.
MONG the most important principles of
the Teaching of is the
equalization of the means of living
among men.
There are in the world at present numerous
cases of men who are either too poor or too
rich. While some live in palaces, others have
nowhere to lay their head; some have many
courses at their meals, while others scarcely
have enough bread to keep them. alive. This
state of affairs is wrong and must be remedied.
The remedy, however, cannot consist in the
bringing to pass of equality, absolute equality
among men; this would be impossible. There
is needed some organization which will bring
about an order in this disorder. Equality is
a mere dream and absolutely impracticable.
If Equality existed the whole order of the
world would be destroyed. In mankind there
is always a diderence in degree. Since crea-
tion men have never been the same. Some
have superior intelligence, others are more
ordinary and some are devoid of intellect.
How can there ever exist equality between
those who are clever and those who are not?
Humanity is like an army. An army must
have a general, captains and soldiers, each
with their appointed duties; it cannot consist
of generals only, or captains, or soldiers only
--there must be degrees in the organization.
Lycurgus, the philosopher sovereign of
Sparta, intended to promote the Welfare of his
country. He Wished to equalize the means
of living in Sparta. So he divided the inhab-
itants into three divisions. The first third was
composed of his own family and relatives. Of
these he made governors and chiefs and gave
them power over the pe0ple--of the second
third, which consisted of the people dwelling
in the country parts of Sparta, a class of
agriculturists who cultivated the land and pos-
sessed large farms. The third class was that
of the workmen and farm laborers and men
of trade. The first class consisted of nine
thousand people, and those who belonged to
this third were superior to the rest of their
and profited by exemption from
the laws which bound the lower classes. These
were the chiefs of the people and controlled
the government and politics of the Spartans.
They held the balance of peace or War in
their hands; though if war were carried on
they were not obliged to take part in it if

