STAR OF THE WEST 7
abolition of warfare among mankind. May
spiritual fraternity be the cause of binding to-
gether the various individuals and members
of humanity. May spiritual fraternity be the
cause of the utmost advancement of minds.
May spiritual fraternity be the cause of allow-
ing the spiritual divine bestowals to encompass
us from all directions. May spiritual fraternity
be the cause of illuminating hearts. May spirit-
ual susceptibilities set aglow the hearts with
spiritual glad-tidings. May spiritual brother-
hood cause a regeneration or rebirth, for
spiritual fraternity emanates from the breaths
of the Holy Spirit and is founded by the Power
of God. Surely any affair or movement which
is founded through the Divine Power, through
the Holy Spirit, is permanent and everlasting
in its potency and effect.
Material brotherhood will not prevent War-
fare; it does not remove warfare; it does not
dispel differences among mankind. But spirit-
ual brotherhood shall destroy the very founda-
tions of warfare; it will erase differences en-
tirely; it will promulgate the oneness of
humanity; it will revivify all mankind it will
cause all hearts to turn to the Kingdom of
God, and all souls shall be baptized with the
Holy Spirit. Then will the material world be
resplendent through the lights of divinity; the
mirror of materiality shall acquire its lights
from heaven; spiritual brotherhood will give
the world justice, so that not a trace of dark-
ness, rancor and enmity shall be visible. All
humanity shall come within the bounds of
security; the Prophethood of all the Prophets
shall be established; Zion shall leap and dance;
Jerusalem shall rejoice; the Mosaic flame
shall ignite; the Messianic light shall shine;
the world will become another world; and
humanity shall put on another power. This
is the greatest Divine Bestowal; this is the
effulgence of the Kingdom of God; this is the
day of illumination; this is the merciful cen-
tury. We must appreciate these things and
strive, in order that the utmost desire of the
Prophets may today be realized, and all the
glad-tidings may be fulfilled. Hope in the favor
of God. Look not at your own respective
capacities, for the divine bestowal can trans-
form a drop into an ocean. It can make of a
tiny grain a colossal tree; for the divine be-
stowals are like the sea, and We are like the
fishes of that sea. The fishes must not look at
themselves, but they must look at the ocean,
which is vast and wonderful. Provision for
the sustenance of all is there. So the divine
(Continued
OI1
bestowals encompass all, and love eternal shines
upon all.
REV. HOWARD IVES.
I asked Abdul-Baha if he would be willing
to answer questions, as it is our custom, and
he says he would prefer not to. He thinks in
a gathering of this kind, a religious meeting,
itwould not be suitable to discuss questions,
and that he would prefer not to. But he told
me, in lieu of the discussion, he would speak
longer, and I have just reminded him of it. It
may be interesting to you to know that a ques-
tion was presented to him. He is going to
reply to that question.
the future progress in the
world spiritually be equal to the material prog-
ress in the past fifty years, and will the spiritual
keep pace with the material?"
ABDUL --BAHA.
Everything in life in its inception is not fully
known in the full degree of its potency. De-
velopment and progression is gradual. For
example, spiritual advancement may be likened
to the light in the early morning. This dawn-
light is rather dim in its effulgence, but a wise
man who looks at the early morn and sees the
march of the sunrise at the beginning can
verily foretell the ascendency of the sun with
all its glory and effulgence. He knows for a
certainty that it is the beginning of manifesta-
tion, and that later it will assume great power
and potency. Again for example, if he takes
a grain, and observes that it is growing, he
can rest assured that the growing seed shall ere
long become a tree. Now is the beginning of
the manifestation of the spiritual power, and
surely day by day its potency will assume
greater and greater proportions. Therefore
this twentieth century is the beginning or dawn
of the spiritual illumination, and it is evident
that day by day it will advance. It will reach
such a degree that spiritual effulgences will
overcome the physical; so that Divine suscepti-
bilities will overpower material intelligence
and the heavenly light shall dispel and banish
darkness; Divine healing shall cure all
the ills and the cloud of mercy shall pour
down its rain. The sun of Reality will shine
and all the earth shall put on its beautiful green
carpet. Among the results of the manifestation
of the spiritual forces will be: that the human
world shall take on a new social form; the
justice of God will become manifest; human
equality will be established. For the poor there
will be a great bestowal and for the rich eternal
page nine)

