STAR OF THE WEST 3
THE SEARCH FOR TRUTH.
Address of Abdul-Baha before the Theosophical Society, Liverpool, England,
Saturday night, December 14, 1912.*
BY ISABEL FRASER.
HEN I was in America, I had many
 opportunities of addressing the Theo-
sophical Society there. In every city
I spoke once to them, and in some cities
many times. The Theosophists are very dear
to me, for they have abandoned all prejudice.
They do not abide in the confines of dogma,
but are seeking truth in a spirit of freedom.
All the religions of the world are submerged
in prejudice. A Jew is a Jew because his
father was before him. A Christian is such
for the same reason, and it is the same with
a Musselman. All follow the precepts of
their fathers, refusing to go forth and seek
for themselves.
We both (Theosophists and Bahais) have
abandoned all dogmas in our earnest search
for truth. But look at the tribes and nations
of the world--why are they seething with
contention? Because they are not seeking truth.
Truth is one. It admits of absolutely no divi-
sion and accepts neither limitations nor boun-
daries. All dogmas differ, hence the nations
are opposed. The different dogmas make
wars and strifes. Behold the events of these
days! If it were not for these differences in
religions there would be no wars.
We would not see what is now taking place
in the Balkans if both sides were sincere seek-
ers after truth.
Regard Persia: in that land there Were
many tribes, governments and religions, but
they cut down the barriers of dogmas, became
followers of and are now as one.
Jews, Christians and Zoroastrians, et al., meet-
ing together as we are (lOing here to seek for
truth. Truth is one, so they became united.
All the different religions of God that have
risen on the face of the earth have one pur-
pose: to educate man and to inform him of
the spiritual, the luminous, the divine, so that
he may partake of heavenly spirit and find
eternal life, Show forth the virtues of man-
kind, and from a world of darkness enter a
world of light.
There is no other reality of meaning to the
*El'he President of the Theosophical Society,
Mrs. Armour, introduced the speaker by saying
that he needed no introduction and at once Abdul-
Baha began speaking to the group of earnest
listeners. He remained seated and spoke in Per-
sian, M. Hippolyte Dreyfus-Barney, of Paris, act-
ing as interpreter.
different religions. Their purpose is one, the
teaching is one.
Man may be said to have three natures:
The first is sunk in darkness and here he is a
prisoner to his desires for here he is co-p0s-
sessor of the same qualities as the animals.
The second nature might be called his human
nature and in this human nature is the home
of the mind and the soul. The third is his
likeness to God and this he possesses in
proportion to the divine qualities he imparts,
the breeze of the holy spirit, pure spiritually,
luminosity.
All the religions, all the prophets, all the
great teachers had no other purpose than to
raise mankind from the animal to the divine
nature. Their purpose was to free man and
to make him an inhabiter of the realm of
Reality. For although the body of man is
material, his reality is spiritual; although his
body is darkness, his soul is light; although
his body may seem to imprison him, his soul
is essentially free. To prove this freedom, the
prophets of God have appeared and will con-
tinue to appear, for there is no end to divine
teachings and no beginning.
The thoughtless say that the power of God
is occasional; some will say that this material
universe is hundreds of thousands of years
old. But the p0Wer of God is eternal and the
creation of God is likewise eternal. Divinity
is dependent On creation. Can you imagine a
king without a people? Can you imagine our
sun without light and heat? The sun to us
means light and heat. The king needs his
kingdom and the qualities of God are eternal.
As long as God exists his creation will exist
and the manifestations of God in the divine
teachers have always existed as an energy of
God and will always continue to exist.
The very greatest blessings of God are rep-
resented by these divine beings who come and
who will continue to come forth to humanity
for hundreds of thousands of years. They
represent the blessings of God and the bless-
ings of God never cease.
Always hope that one day a Sun of Truth
will rise and bring a Dawn whose light will
destroy all the darkness of the human world,
will unite hearts and make souls happy, do
away with contention and establish universal
Peace. Then there will be no divisions. All

