STAR OF THE WEST 5
arise with objections, saying, "We must have
literal proof of this through the senses."
The Reality of Christ was always in heaven
andiwill always be. This is the intention of
the text of the Gospel. For while His Holi-
ness Iesus Christ walked upon the earth, He
said, "The Son of Man is in heaven." There-
fore holding to literal interpretation and vis-
ible fulfilment of the text of the Holy Books
is simply imitation of ancestral forms and be-
liefs. For when we perceive the Reality of
Christ these texts and statements become clear
and perfectly reconcilable with each other.
Unless we perceive the Reality we cannot
understand the meanings of the Holy Books,
for these meanings are symbolical and spiri-
tual, such as, for instance, the raising of
Lazarus which has spiritual interpretation.
We must first establish the fact that the
Power of God is infinite, unlimited and that it
is within that Power to accomplish anything.
Secondly, we must understand the inter-
pretation of Christ's words concerning "the
dead." A certain disciple came to His Holiness
and asked permission to go and bury his
father. His Holiness answered, "Let the dead
bury their dead." Therefore Christ designated
as "dead" some who were still living; that
is, let the living "dead," the spiritually "dead,"
bury your father. They were dead because
they were not believers in Christ. Although
physically alive, they were dead spiritually.
This is the meaning of Christ's words, "That
which is bor11 of flesh is flesh; that which is
born of spirit is spirit." He meant that those
who were simply born of the human body were
dead spiritually, while those quickened by the
breaths of the Holy Spirit were living, eter-
nally alive. These are the interpretations of
Christ Himself. Reflect upon them and the
meanings of the Holy Books will become clear
as the sun at mid--day.
The Holy Books have their special termi-
nologies which must be known and understood.
Physicians have their own peculiar terms,
architects, philosophers have their character-
istic expressions; poets have their phrases, and
scientists their terminologies. In the Scrip-
ture we read that Zion is dancing. It is evi-
dent that this has other than literal inter-
pretation. The meaning is that the people of
Zion through great joy shall rejoice. The
Jews said, Christ was not Messiah but Anti-
Christ, because one of the signs of the Mes-
siah's coming was the dancing of Mount Zion,
which had not yet come to pass. In reality,
when His Holiness appeared, not only Mount
Zion but all Palestine danced and rejoiced.
Again in the Scriptures it is said, "The trees
shall clap their hands." This is symbolical.
There are terms and expressions of usage in
every language which cannot be taken liter-
ally. For instance, in Oriental countries it is
customary to say, "When my friend entered
the house, the doors and walls began to sing
and dance." In Persia they say, "Get at the
head," meaning engage in the matter accord-
ing to its own terms and usages. All these
have other and inner meanings.
You have asked concerning approval of
Christian Science treatment and healing.
Spirit has influence; prayer has spiritual effect.
Therefore we pray, God! heal this sick
one l" Perchance God will answer. Does it
matter who prays? God will answer the prayer
of every servant if that prayer is urgent. His
Mercy is vast, illimitable. He answers the
prayers of all His servants. He answers the
prayer of this plant. The plant prays po-
tentially, God! Send me rain!" God an-
swers this prayer and the plant grows. God
will answer any one. He answers prayers
potentially. Before we were born into this
world did we not pray, God! Give me a
mother; give me two fountains of bright milk;
purify the air for my breathing; grant me
rest and comfort; prepare food for my
sustenance a11d living!" Did we not pray po-
tentially for these needed blessings before
we were created? Vi/'hen we came into this
world did we not find our prayers answered?
Did we not find mother, father, food, light,
home and every other necessity and blessing,
although we did not actually ask for them?
Therefore it is natural that God will give to
us when we ask Him. His Mercy is all-en-
circling.
But we ask for thin-gs which the Divine
Wisdom does not desire for us, and there is
no answer to our prayer. His Wisdom does
not sanction what we wish. We pray, 
God! make me wealthy!" If this prayer were
universally answered human affairs would be
at a standstill. There would be none left to
work in the streets, none to till the soil, none
to build, none to run the trains. Therefore it
is evident that it would not be well for us if
all prayers were answered. The affairs of
the world would be interfered with, energies
crippled and progress hindered. But whatever
we ask for, which is in accord with Divine
Wisdom, God will answer. Assuredlyl
For instance, a very feeble patient may ask
the doctor to give him food which would be

