STAR OF THE WEST 5
city may become the cause of the illumina-
tion of America; that this city may become
the city of love, and that the fragrances of
God may spread from this place to all parts
of the world. I have come for this. I pray
for you, that you may become the manifesta-
tions of the love of that each
o11e of you may become like a clear 
line lamp and that the rays of the bounties of
the Blessed Perfection may emanate from you
to all parts of the world. This is my utmost
aspiration.
It was a great, long trip. The more we
traveled the greater seemed the extent of the
sea. Although the weather was very fine and
there was no storm, yet there seemed no end
to the sea.
I am very, very happy to meet you all here
today. Praise be to God! that your faces are
shining with the love of To be-
hold your faces is the cause of spiritual hap-
piness.
We have arranged that every day We will
meet you at the' homes of some of the friends
in this city, and those places will be desig-
nated from day to day. I will go there, and
the friends will be gathered there, so that I
may meet them.
In the East the people were asking, "Why
are you taking this long trip?" The people in
Egypt were saying "You don't know how far
America is from the East; your body cannot
endure this long trip." Wl1e11 the time comes,
my body can endure everything. My body
has endured forty years of imprisonment, and
so I can stand the utmost trials.
I hope to see you again, and now I will
shake hands with each of you; and then I
desire to leave you in peace. I was very tired
today yet I came to see you all. Now I hope
that you will all be happy, and God willing, I
will meet you again and again in New York.
or ABDUL--BAI-IA AT UNION MEETING
or ADVANCED Tnoosnr CENTERS, CARNEGIE
LYCEUM, New YORK, APRIL 14, IQI2.
Notes by Mountfo1't Mills and Howard MacNutt.
HAVE come from distant lands in order
I to visit the assemblies and meetings of this
clime.
I am greatly pleased with what I see of the
assemblies here, for I find in every meeting
people gathered loving each other. The bond
of union among them is evidenced in this as-
which the Power of God has brought
together in faith, unity and concord, engaging
in the development of the human world.
Inst as here we have a large assemblage of
people, men and women of all kinds gathered
here collectively, likewise it is my hope that
the whole world may be united in one gather~
ing of love. Unity, the gathering of accord
and union, is indicative of the loving power
of God, for the Reality of Divinity is ex-
pressed. It is resplendent through the various
bestowals of light upon humanity in this day.
That Divine Power is effulgent in endless
images and pictures. The world of creation,
or of humanity, is likened unto the earth.
The Divine Power might well be likened to
the sun. This sun has shone upon all human-
ity. In these endless images His will is re-
flected. Consider how all created beings are
the recipients of the bounty of the same sun.
At most the difference is that of degree, but
the effulgence is one effulgence. It is the one
light which is emanating from the sun.
All that exists in the world is being en-
lightened, so that all created objects, are the
recipients of the bounty of this sun. That ex-
presses the oneness of the World of humanity.
There is no created being which is deprived
of the bounty of the Divine Sun. The body
politic, or the' social unity of the world may be
likened to an endless ocean and each mem-
ber, each individual, is likened to a wave.
These waves belong to the same ocean.
The light of the sun becomes apparent in
each object according to the capacity of that
object. The difference is simply a difference
of capacity and degree. A certain created
object may be of stone. The stone would be
a recipient only to a limited extent. Another
created thing may be likened to a mirror
wherein the sun is fully reflected; but upon
both the same sun shines. At most, the im-
portant thing to do is to polish the mirrors
of the hearts in order that they may become
illumined, may become receptive of the light
of the sun.
One heart you may find to be expressive of
or to have reached the capacity of the polished
mirror; another quite rusty, or covered over
with dust and dross. Although the same sun
is shining upon these, in one, the mirror which
is polished, Which is pure and sanctified, you
will see the sun in its fullness, in its glory,
in its power, with all its effulgence and
majesty; but the mirror which is full of
dross, which is rusted, is not capable of reflect-
ing, though so far as the sun is concerned,
it is shining thereon and it is not deprived.
Therefore, our duty lies in endeavors to-
ward polishing the mirrors of our hearts that

