STAR OF THE WEST 17
agreement. The desire of all is attraction to
the Kingdom of God. Since the intention of
all is toward unity and agreement, it is cer-
tain that this gathering will be productive of
great results. It will be the cause of attract-
ing a New Bounty. This is a New Day and
this hour is a New Hour wherein we have
come together here; all are turning to the
Kingdom of Anna, seeking the infinite boun-
ties of the Lord. Surely the Sun of Reality,
with its great and full ei-fulgence, will illu-
minate us and all dark disagreements will
surely disappear. The utmost of love shall
result. The favors of God shall encompass
us. The pathway of the Kingdom will be
made easy. The souls like unto candles will
be ignited and made radiant through the lights
of the Great Guidance.
"This gathering has no peer or likeness
upon the surface of the earth, for all other
gatherings and assemblages are due to some
physical basis or material interests. This out-
ward meeting is a prototype of the inner and
complete spiritual meeting; likewise are the
other meetings and assemblages in difierent
parts of the world which are thus held.
"The Bahai meetings are the mirrors of the
Kingdom wherein images of the Supreme Con-
course are reflected. The lights of the most
great guidance are visible therein. The sum-
mons of the Kingdom can be heard from
the Bahai assemblages and the call of the
Supreme Concourse can reach every ear. The
efficacy of such meetings as these is perma-
nent throughout the ages.
"This assembly has a name which will last
forever and ever. Hundreds of thousands
of meetings shall be held to commemorate
such an assembly as this and the very words
I utter to you on this occasion shall be reit-
erated by them in the ages to come. There-
fore be ye rejoiced, for you are being shel-
tered beneath the Providence of God, and be
happy and joyous because the bestowals of
God are intended for you. Rejoice because
the breaths of the Holy Spirit are directed
to you.
"Rejoice, for the heavenly table is prepared
for you!
"Rejoice, for the angels of heaven are your
assistants and helpers!
"Rejoice, for the glance of the Blessed
Beauty, is directed to you!
"Rejoice, for is your protector!
"Rejoice, for the Glory Everlasting is des-
tined for you!
"Rejoice, for the Life Everlasting is for
you!
"How many blessed souls have longed for
this blessed century and their utmost hopes
and desires were centered upon the enjoyment
of one such day. In longing anticipation of
this age, how many nights did they pass
sleepless, passing the time in larnentation until
the very morn. They yearned to realize even
an hour of this tirne. God has favored you
therewith, and you have been the ones who
have been specialized for the realization of
these blessings. Hence you must praise and
thank God with heart and soul for the appre-
ciation of this great time, for the attainment
of this infinite bestowal, that such doors have
been opened unto your faces, such a cloud
of mercy is pouring down its abundance and
such refreshing breezes of the Paradise of
AREA are resuscitating you. Therefore. all of
you must become of one heart, of one spirit,
of one susceptibility. Thus may you become,
as the waves of one sea, as the stars of the
same heaven, as the fruits adorning the same
tree, as trees of the same garden, in order
that the oneness of humanity may pitch its
tent within the human realm in the world,
for you are the ones who are to be the cause
of establishing the cause of the oneness of
mankind.
"First, you must yourselves become united
and agreed. First, you yourselves must be
exceedingly kind and loving towards one an-
other. You must be willing to forfeit life
in the pathway of each other. You must sac-
rifice your possessions for one another. The
rich among you must exercise compassion
toward the poor, and the well-to--d0 must look
after those in distress. The friends in ?ersia
offer their lives for one another, each indi-
vidual striving to look after and conserve the
interests of all the others. Every soul looks
after the Welfare of all the others. They
are in the utmost state of unity and agree-
ment. And you, like the Persian friends,
must be perfectly agreed and united, to the
extent of sacrificing your lives for one another.
Your utmost desire must be to confer happi-
ness upon each other. Each -one of you must
be the servant of the others. Each one of
you must be thoughtful of the comfort of
the others. Each one of you must be thought-
ful of the happiness of the others. In the
path of God one must forget himself utterly.
He must not consider comfort for himself.
He must seek comfort for the rest. He must
not wish for glory for himself. He must

