STAR OF THE WEST 7
came this morning to see Abdul-Baha, among
them being a woman who had come forty miles
to hear him last night and this morning she
brought a book for the Master to sign. She
told of a young man who is an invalid and
dumb, but he is so eager about the Cause that
he would like to have the photograph of
Abdul-Baha with his autograph. Although
he is dumb and his hands are completely
paralyzed, owing to an automobile accident,
yet he holds the pens in his mouth and
writes very well. He reads a great deal
and writes interesting articles for the maga-
zines and papers. Abdul-Baha sent him a
very beautiful message, that although he is
speechless yet he has the language of the
heart and speaks with the tongue of the in-
tellect. He hopes that he will acquire the
language of the Kingdom which is not in
need of any outward means to convey the
thought.
To another inquirer Abdul-Baha spoke about
the Holy Land, saying, "Syria is the abode
of the Prophets. Jerusalem is located there,
the traces of David and Solomon can be
witnessed there, the of Christ is
there. In Palestine the spirit of man is di-
lated, because all the Prophets have come from
there; the Divine Call has been raised in that
country, and the Holy Books have been re-
vealed there." Then he spoke about America:
"American people have great capabilities. In
England also one witnesses the signs of
awakening. In reality American and the Eng-
lish people are one. The governments and
the nations of both countries are noble and
democratic."
Many other men and women had inter-
views, each one of them with his or her
peculiar problems. It was nearly twelve when
he came into the crowded reception room and
spoke about the various kinds of love: family
love, racial love, patriotic love and human
love, showing that each of these loves is not
sutficient except the love which is spiritual and
is born of the Breath of the Holy Spirit.
At 3:30 p. m. the Beloved, with Mrs. Crop-
per, Sayad Assadollah and myself, left in
Mrs. Cr0pper's automobile for the Church
where "Eager Heart"* is being presented.
There were more than 1,200 persons present.
The play on the whole was very efiective,
Miss Mary Blomfield, who took the part of
Eager Heart, interpreted the character with
a delicacy and artistic appreciation that was
wonderful. There were such longing, such
unutterable desire in every movement and
word for the King. When Mary and 
seph came in with the child in her arms, Ab-
dul-Baha was so deeply touched that he wept.
The story is so touching, so sincere, so holy
and so above the sordid elements of life. The
Master sat through the whole performance
and was keenly interested in every act and
move. When the play was finished he was in-
vited behind the stage and congratulated the
players and musicians for their delightful
work. He gave them a long address about the
prophecies of the old Testament in regard to
the Corning of the Messiah and how the
Jews took those prophecies literally and what
were their real significance. Toward the end
the actors were introduced to him and when
he reached the angels he recommended them
all to be angels as long as they live.
After supperithe Master told us the won-
derful story of Mary Magdalene, who went to
Rome, presented herself in person before the
Emperor and delivered a message unto him
from the Christians. It was a very aromatic
story. The Master admires so much the char-
acter of Mary Magdalene.
Love to all.
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab.
*Christmas play written by Miss Alice Buck-
ton.
ii
OUR PERSIAN SECTION contains: (I)
Address of Abdul-Baha, "The Appearance of
the Holy Manifestations," delivered at the
home of Mrs. Parsons, July 31, 1912; (2)
poem by ayeb Riza Kuli Ibn Wakil Gambo-
ani; (3) letters from Paris by Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab; (4) a word of thanks from the 
or THE Wasr" to subscribers; (5) poem in
praise of Abdul-Baha.
The Bahais may be interested in knowing
that a profile portrait of Abdul-Baha is the
subject of the seventh medallion issued to
subscribers of the "Circle of Friends of the
Medallion." It is the first yet issued for a
living man. The Circle issues these fine little
bronze Works of art in a container booklet,
the medal being let into a thick leaf. In that
way members keep the series of bronzes in
their libraries. The address of the Circle is
care of Arts Club, 14 Gramercy Park, Man-
hattan, New York, N. Y.

