STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good oi the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Chicago (November 23, 1912) Kowl No.14-
THE OF 
Selections trom The Balm!' Proofs, by Mirza Abul Fazl.
In the Name of GOD, the Most Holy Beauty of 
YE Know--may God the
Exalted assist ye tl11'OL1gh a spirit sent
from Him!--Verily, when ye consider
carefully the announcements in the Heavenly
Books and perceive the glad tidings in the
Holy, Divine Writings, ye will find they agree
in promising the coming of the "Day of God"
and foreshadowing the arrival of the "Hour"
wherein the Face of God will be manifested,
the regions of heaven and earth will be illu-
minated by His coming, all former things will
be changed by His rising, and every sorrow
effaced. The essence of all that is recorded
concerning these glad tidings is this, that
when oppression and tyranny prevail through-
out the world; when distress and tribulations
are intensified among the nations; when di-
vergencies of religions and creeds become
grave and widespread, and the heaven of
Worship of the Merciful God is riven and
overthrown; when the greed ot souls grows
fierce to violate men and property; when ter-
rors and adversities prevail; at that time the
Divine Herald will arise, the Holy Heavenly
Spirit will descend, announcing the coming of
the Manifestation of the promised Lord and
proclaiming the approach of the dawn of the
Orb of His Glorious Beauty. Then will the
Path be made plain, hearts brought nigh unto
God, breasts healed, griefs dispelled and tears
wiped away. Then will the glorious Lord
arise and utter a Call which shall shake the
pillars of this lofty edifice. He will cry out
in a voice which shall fill the expanse of the
world and summon all the nations of the
earth, both east and west, to God, The
Mighty, The Glorious! Then will He insti-
tute for them new laws, and trace out for
them a plain, direct path.
And after the setting of the Sun of His
Beauty, the breeze of His Presence being
hushed, the Glorious "Branch" extended from
the Tree of His Essence will arise; the
dawning Moon will shine from the horizon
of the Heaven oi His Bounty, diffusing the
lights of His Religion, establishing the
Temple of His V\7O1'Ship and sitting upon the
Throne of His Glory. His holy V\7ord will
penetrate all regions until the saying be ful-
filled, "The earth will be illuminated with the
Light of its Lord, in the day of judgment."
With the rising of such Divine Souls and
the shining forth of such Heavenly Lights,
the clouds of fictitious beliefs will be dis-
persed and the pearls of the Realities of
Knowledge will become manifest; religious
divergences will be removed and nations will
be united in worshipping the Merciful One.
So the worship of satan shall pass away.
In that Day, God will "make all things new."
Everywhere affairs will change, until all parts
of the earth shall rejoice. Enlightenment,
learning, arts and trades will become universal
among mankind. The remote ones of the
world will be brought nigh; nations and peo-
ples will be harmonized; the rancours and
animosities hidden in breasts shall be re-
moved, and love, affection, attraction and
brotherhood become general throughout the
world. Then souls will be cheered by the
waiting of the fragrances of joy, and hearts
will rejoice at the blowing of the Breezes of
Gladness. The Lord will destroy all vestiges
of tyranny, oppression and rebellion through
His Power, and will propagate evidences of
Equity, Iustice and Charity.
He will judge between nations, render jus-
tice between people, correct souls and unite
hearts. Then the time of spoiling will pass
away, and the days of Warring cease; the
swords will be made into plough-shares, the
spears into pruning-hooks; no nation will
raise sword against another, and no "multi-
tudes will wage wars together."
In a word: the Fragrances of Resurrec-
tion will stir and the Breezes of Life will
blow; the "dead" will be quickened, the dark-
ness of former things be dispelled, and the
lights of ideal virtues will shine; the emblems
of true humanity will be raised in all places,

