12 STAR OF
one place. They would not partake of the same
food. They would not drink of the same
water. Association and intercourse were im-
possible among them. His Holiness 
LLAH founded the oneness of humanity, and
bound together the hearts of all these people
with such a bond that they were united per-
fectly. He reestablished the prophetic founda-
tions. He reformed all the former principles
laid down by the Prophets. And it is hoped
through His efforts that the East and West
shall be so united that no trace of discord shall
remain.
DR. HALL.
\7Vhen Abraham Lincoln was asked Why it
Was he did not belong to a church, he said,
"When some church will write over its door
simply this sentence, 'Thou shalt love the Lord
thy God with all thy soul, with all thy strength
and thy neighbor as thyself,' that church Will
I join With all my heart and all my soul." We
have been trying to build that kind of church
for one hundred years. Abdul-Baha is trying
to build that church all over the world. Amen 
more power to his voice!

BY ABDUL--BAHA AT GRACE METHO-
EPISCOPAL CHURCH, WEST IO4TH S12,
NEW YORK. REV. W. A. HUNSBERGER, D.D.,
VICE--PRESIDENT OF THE INTERNA-
TIONAL PEACE FORUM 
F. Rarsumnz, D.D., PASTOR), SUNDAY, MAY
12, 1912.
INTRODUCTION BY DR. HUNSBERGER.
HE sentiment voiced by General Grant
at his first inauguration as President of
the United States, and Which stands
forth in bold capitals over the magnificient
tomb which bears his name on Riverside
Drive the sentiment which has become his-
torical, "Let Us Have Peace," is the senti-
ment to which we would. as speakers of the
evening give utterance. But a Peace more
comprehensive is coming, the benign bene-
fits of which are to be shared by all people, in
that day Which, we trust, is not far distant-
notwithstanding wars and rumors of wars--
in that day of which Tennyson sang in senti-
ment so familiar, "When war-drums shall
throb no longer and all battle flags be furled."
One hundred billion dollars have been spent
by the nations of the world to maintain their
armies and navies. In this most Christian of
centuries, twenty-one million of lives have
been sacrificed on the altar of the God of
THE WEST
War. But the prophecy of Isaiah shall be
fulfilled and the time shall surely come when
"nations shall know war no more."
I have the pleasure now of introducing the
real speakers of the evening. In january of
this present year, at a great Peace meeting in
the City of Brooklyn, we had expected the
first speaker, so highly honored in all lands of
the earth, to be present with us, but for un-
expected reasons, he found he could not come
to America, and so turned away from London
to the Far East. However, he was kind
enough to send an autograph letter to me in
the Persian language, which contained a spe-
cial message to that meeting, along with an
autograph photograph.
We were disappointed in his not being with
us, but tonight we are especially favored--that
this man so distinguished, this man who
stands for conscience in a personified way, for
the loftiest kind of courage that has enabled
him to move in line with his convictions, is
here With us, the first speaker of the evening,
His Holiness Abdul-Baha Abbas, the great
peace leader of the eastern world. I esteem
it a great honor to introduce Abdul-Baha
Abbas.
ADDRESS BY ABDUL--BAHA.
When we glance at history, we find that
from the beginning up to the present day
strife and warfare have prevailed among men.
It has either been religious warfare, a war-
fare of races, or a war among the nations. All
these Wars have arisen from the ignorance of
humanity, because of misunderstandings, and
through the lack of the education of human
kind.
Let us first touch upon religious warfare.
It is self--evident that the Divine Prophets
have appeared for no other purpose than to
establish love and amity among humanity, for
they were the shepherds and not the wolves.
The shepherd comes forth to gather together
his flock. He has not come to scatter his
flock and to create strife among them. Every
Divine Shepherd has gathered together a cer-
tain flock which formerly had been scattered.
Among the Shepherds was His Holiness
Moses. He assembled the various tribes of
Israel and united them; afterward he took
them over to the Holy Land. At a time When
the Tribes of Israel were scattered and dis-
persed He was able to unite them, to assemble
them together, and cause their development
along degrees of human progress. By Him
their degradation was transformed into glory,
their poverty changed into wealth. Their

