16 STAR OF
sented for investigation and discussion.
These questions could then be weighed and
settled from the standpoint of Reality and
all imitations discarded. In this way all re-
ligious sects and systems would become one.
Do not question the practicability of this and
be not astonished. It has been effected and
accomplished in Persia. In that country the
various religionists have gathered together to
investigate the Reality and have united in the
utmost fellowship and love. No traces of dis-
cord or differences remain; the utmost love,
kindness and unity are apparent. They are
unified and live together like a single family
in harmony and accord. Discord and strife
have passed away. Love and fellowship now
prevail instead. Furthermore, those souls
who have obeyed and attained
this condition of accord, fellowship and af-
filiation are Mohammedans, Jews, Christians,
Zoroastrians, Buddhists, Nestorians, Shiites,
Sunnites and others. No discord exists
among them. This is a proof of the pos-
sibility of universal unification among the
religionists of the world through practical
means. imitations which have held men
apart have been discarded and the Reality
of Religion envelops them in its perfect
unity. When Reality envelops the soul of
man, love is possible. The Divine Purpose
in Religion is pure Love and Amity. The
Prophets of God were in the utmost love
for all.' Each one announced the glad-tid-
ings of His successor and each subsequent
one confirmed the teachings and prophecies
of the former. There was no discord or
variance in the reality of their teachings
and mission. The discord has arisen among
their followers, who held fast to imitations.
If imitations be done away with and the
radiant shining Reality dawn in the souls of
men, love and unity _must prevail. Thus will
humanity be rescued from the strife and wars
of six thousand years, dissensions will pass
away and the illumination of unity dawn.
Consider how all the Prophets of God were
persecuted and what hardships they experi-
enced. His Holiness Jesus Christ endured
affliction and accepted upon
the cross in order to call men to unity and
love. What sacrifice could be greater? He
brought the religion of love and fellowship
to the World. Shall we make use of it to
create discord, violence and hatred among
men?
Moses was persecuted and driven out into
the desert; Abraham was banished; Mo-
hammed took refuge in caves; the Bab was
THE WEST
killed and was exiled and im-
prisoned fifty years. Yet all of them de-
sired only fellowship and love among men.
They endured hardships, suffered persecution
and death for our sakes that we might be
taught to love one another, be united and
afliliated instead of discordant and at vari-
ance. Enough of these six thousand years
which have brought such vicissitudes and
hardships into the world! Now in this radi-
ant century let us try to carry out the good
pleasure of God, that We may be rescued
from these things of darkness and come forth
into the boundless illumination of Heaven,--
shunning division and welcoming the Divine
Oneness of Humanity. Perchance, God will-
ing, this terrestrial world may become as a
mirror celestial upon which we may behold
the imprint of the traces of Divinity, and
the fundamental qualities of a New Creation
may be reflected from the Reality of Love
shining in human hearts. Thus from the
light and semblance indeed proved and witnessed that God
has created man after His own image and
likeness.
Prayer.
my God! my God! Verily I invoke
Thee and supplicate before Thy Threshold,
asking Thee that all Thy mercies may descend
upon these souls. Specialize them for Thy
favor and Thy truth. Lord! unite and
bind together the hearts, join in accord all
the souls and exhilarate the spirits through
the Signs of Thy Sanctity and Oneness. 
Lord! suffer these faces to become radiant
through the life of Thy Oneness.
Strengthen the loins of Thy servants in the
service of Thy Kingdom. Lord! Thou
Possessor of great mercy! Lord of for-
giveness and pardon! forgive our sins, stiffer
us to be pardoned for our shortcomings and
cause us to turn to the Kingdom of Thy
clemency, invoking the Kingdom of Might and
Power, humble at Thy shrine and submissive
at the appearance of Thy evidences. Lord
God! make us as waves of the sea, as flowers
of the garden, united, agreed, fresh and ver-
dant through the Bounties of Thy Love. 
Lord! dilate the breasts through the signs of
Thy Oneness and make all humanity as waves
of the same ocean, as stars shining from the
same height of glory, as luscious fruits borne
upon Thy Tree of Life. Verily Thou art the
Almighty, the Self-Subsistent, the Giver, the
Forgiving, the Pardoner, the Omniscient, the
One Creator!

