STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post oflice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3. 1879.
ALBERT R. BUIKEMA
Associate Editor-DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI, Chicago
TERMS $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Note - Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. 0. Box 283. Chicago, Ill,, U, S. A.
To personal checks please add sufhcient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 
-- .7 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
than Star of the West! na IS cop!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy v0ice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of-the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Vol. Chicago (December 31, 1912) Sharaf No. 16
WITH ABDUL--BAHA ON SS. 
December 5t/1: The Wonderful farewell of
the New York friends at the dock will ever be
remembered. (Midnight) The sea is smooth.
Abdul-Baha is very well. He had dinner at
ten in his cabin.
December 6th.: The sea is as calm as a mir-
ror. The Master walked on deck for an hour
and spoke of many of the friends. In a Tablet
revealed in his cabin he said: "This is the Ark
of Noah, its moving power is the Fire of the
Love of God and its Captain is 
(II p. He spoke to us about the early life
of Wonderful story. He sent
two boxes of roses to the captain and is feed-
ing all the stewards on candy and fruit. Lovely
night.
December 7th: The weather is as balmy as
spring; the sailors marvel at such weather at
this time of the year. Captain called on Abdul-
Baha and expressed pleasure in having him
on the ship. (6 p. tn.) Sky clear. Abdul-Baha
said he would like to see a big storm. He said:
"In future people will cross the Atlantic in air-
ships; steamers will only carry freight."
December 8th: Cloudy, but sea calm. Had
an hour's talk with the Beloved. He spoke of
Columbus and the discovery of America, con-
cluding: want two souls like Columbus in
America who may be filled with the love of
BAHAJOJLLAH and spread His Teachings. Then
you shall see the results. Columbus discovered
America; they must establish the oneness of
the world of humanity."
December 9114get-
ting rough. (5 p. Storm. Went on deck
and saw Abdul-Baha watching the storm. He
said: "Look at that imperial wave, how it
mounts high and devours the smaller waves!
It is a wonderful sight. This is the best day.
I am enjoying it."
December Ioth: The storm continues.
December nth: The storm is at its height.
December Izth: The sea has calmed down.
We are all very happy because the trip is near-
ing its end. Abdul-Baha is well. (II p. 
Tonight the Master addressed the passengers
of the first class. More than sixty were pres-
ent. He spoke about his nine months in
America. They were all greatly impressed and
came and expressed their pleasure.
December 13th: Since three o'clock we oc-
casionally see land. (Later) We are now near
the docks. (11:30 p. rn., Midland Adelphi
Hotel, Liverpool) Here we are at last in the
most beautiful hotel in the city. \/Vhen the
steamer docked there were about twelve Bahais
waving their handkerchiefs and welcoming
Abdul-Baha to England.
irza Ahmad Sohrab.
CA BLEGRAM .-
On the 14th of December the following
cablegram was received in New York, Chicago
and San Francisco: "Thanks to 
we arrived safely at Liverpool. Greeting to the
friends." ABDUL-BAHA.

