STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES 44 YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post officc at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
ALBERT R. Wrnousr EDIT 0 S-- 
Persian AHMAD SOHRAB, 509 McLach1en Bldg.,Was11ington, D.
Associate .Edit0r--DR. ZIA M. BAG-DADI, Chicago
cc
05



TERMS: $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Note -- Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P, O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill,, U, S. A.
To personal checks please add suflicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI News SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE Is coo!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers a're limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena. will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou' shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) Aaoun-Barr>>. ABBAS.
Vol. Chicago (October 16, 1912) Elm No. 12
CHRISTIAN 
The Tablets presented herewith are self-
explanatory. We might add, however, that
the matter came up when Mr. Albert Dawson,
editor of the Christian Commonwealth, wrote
to Mr. Joseph I-I. Hannen suggesting that
someone be appointed Correspondent of' his
paper for the Bahai Cause, offering space in
his columns. The letter was sent to Abdul-
Baha, and the following was revealed:
To his honor Mr. Hannen-Upon him be
El-ABHA!--Washington, D. C.
HE IS coo!
thou niy heavenly friend!
The letter which was written to you by the
Editor of the Christian Con/nnonwealth was
perused. It is better that you be the Cor-
respondent of this journal, and spread it every-
where. This person (Mr. Albert Dawson) is
a very excellent man, and showed us great
love while we were in London. Therefore, the
American Bahais must exercise toward him
much respect. You correspond with him and
send him the enclosed Tablet.
Show this Tablet that I write to you to all
the Bahais, so that those friends who are
able may subscribe to his paper.
Upon thee be Baha 
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
To his honor Mr. Albert him
be !--L011don', Eng-
land.
HE IS 
thou beloved friend.'
The letter which thou hast written to Mr.
I-Iannen was read. I became very grateful and
thankful to you. We have appointed Mr.
Hannen to be your Correspondent, and we are
hopeful in the Divine Favors to confirin and
assist you in all the affairs.
It is my expectation to be in London before
long, and then I shall find you there.
Upon thee be Baha 
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
A special American edition of 10,000 copies
of the Christian Commonwealth was printed,
containing Bahai articles, and sent for distri-
bution in connection with Abdul-Baha's tour
throughout America. About half of these
have been used. Mr. Dawson has done much
for us, and we can assist by subscribing for
his paper, as suggested by Abdul-Baha. The
subscription price from America is $2.11 per
annum; it contains I6 large pages of matter
and is published weekly. Address, I33 Salis-
bury Square, Fleet Street, Lonclon, E. C.,
England. Copies of the American edition
above referred to may be obtained from Mr.
Joseph H. Hannen, 510 McLachlen Bldg,
Washington, D. C. THE EDITORS.
Donations of religious tracts and bound
books published by the Swedenborgians, Ad-
ventists, Mormons, Iews, Theosophists, Ve-
dantists, Buddhists, et al., devoted especially
to the fulfillment of prophecy, are requested to
be sent to the Librarian, -Orient-Occident
Unity, 510 McLach[en Building, Washington,
D. C., for a "Comparative Religious Study
Library" now being organized.
Proceeds from the sale of the book, "God's
Heroes," written by Mme. Laura Clifford Bar-
ney-Dreyfus, will be given to the Mashrak-el-
Azkar. Friends desiring to use them for
holiday gifts should order at once from Mons.
H. Dreyfus-Barney, I5 Rue Greuze XVIE,
Paris, France. The price is $3.25.

