lights of the Sun of Truth are shining! The
clouds of the Divine mercy are raining down
their priceless jewels! The of a new
and Divine Springtime are waiting their fra-
grant breaths from the World Invisible! Know
ye then the value of these days!
Awake ye to the realization of this heavenly
opportunityl Strive with all the power of
your souls, your deeds, actions and words to
assist the spread of these glad tidings and
descent of this Merciful Bounty! You are the
reality and expression of your deeds and ac-
tions. If you abide by the precepts and teach-
ings of the Blessed Perfection the Heavenly
World and Ancient Kingdom will be yours 
happiness eternal, love and life everlasting.
The Divine Bounties are flowing. Each one
of you has been given the opportunity of
becoming a tree yielding abundant fruits. This
is the Springtime of The ver-
dure and foliage of spiritual growth is appear-
ing in great abundance in the gardens of
human hearts. Know ye the value of these
passing days and vanishing nights? Strive to
attain a station of absolute love one toward
another. By the absence of love, enmity in-
creases. By the exercise of love, love strength-
ens and enmities dwindle away.
Consider me--in years of my advanced age,
burdened with physical infirmities-crossing
the wide ocean to look upon your faces. It is
my hope that through the Life of the Spirit
you may all become as one soul as one tree
adorning the Rose Garden of the Kingdom.
It is my hope that the endless treasures of the
Bestowals of God may be yours here and here-
after. It is my prayer that the Supreme Con-
course may be illumined by your" brilliant
lights shining forever in the Heavens of
Eternal Glory.
BY ABDUL--BAHA AT THE RESIDENCE
or Mas. MORTEN, I41 Easr Sr., NEW
YORK CITY, APRIL I3, 1912, 3 P. M.
RAISE be to God! this is an illumina-
ting gathering. The faces are brilliant
with the Light of God. The hearts are
attracted to the Kingdom of Baha'. I beg of
God that day by day your faces may become
brighter; day by day you may draw nearer
to God; day by day you may take a greater
portion from the outpourings of the Holy
Spirit, so that you may become encircled by
the bounties of heaven.
The world spiritual is like unto the world
phenomenal. They are the exact counterpart
4 STAR OF THE 
of each other. Whatever things and objects
you perceive in this world of existence, are
the outer pictures of the world of heaven.
When we look upon the phenomenal world,
we readily perceive that it is divided into
four seasons; one is the season of spring,
another the season of summer, another au-
tumn and then these three seasons are fol-
lowed by winter. When the season of spring
appears in the arena of existence, the whole
world is rejuvenated and finds new life. The
soul refreshing breeze is wafted from every
direction; the soul quickening spring is every-
where; the cloud of mercy showers down its
rain; and the sun shines upon everything.
Day by day we perceive that the signs of
vegetation are everywhere about us. Won-
derful flowers, hyacinths and roses perfume
the nostrils. The trees are full of leaves and
blossoms, and these blossoms are followed by
fruit.
The spring and summer are followed by
autumn and winter. The flowers wither and
are no more; the leaves turn gray, and spring
has gone. Then comes another springtime;
the former springtime is renewed; again a
new life stirs within everything.
The appearances of the Manifestations of
God are like unto the springtime. When
His Holiness Christ appeared in this world,
it was like the spring; the outpouring descend-
ed; the effulgences of the Merciful encircled
all things; the human world found new life.
Even the physical world partook of it. The
Divine Perfections were upraised; souls were
trained in the school of heaven, so that all
grades of human existence received life and
light. Then by degrees these fragrances of
heaven were discontinued; the season of win-
ter came upon the world; the beauties of spring
vanished; the excellences and perfections
passed away. Those lights and that quicken-
ing were no longer evident. The phenomenal
world and its materialities conquered every-
thing. The spiritualities of life became lost.
The world of existence became like unto a
body lifeless. There was no trace of the
spring left.
Now His Holiness has come
into this world. He has renewed that Spring-
time. The same fragrances are waiting; the
same heat of the Sun is giving life; the same
cloud is pouring its rain, and with our own
eyes we see that the World of existence is
advancing and progressing. The human world
has found new life.
I hope that each and all of you may become

