STAR OF THE WEST 21
teachings of the Prophet in order that we may
agree.
Praise be to God, the springtime of God has
arrived. This century is verily the spring sea-
son. The intellectual world and the world of
the soul have become verdant thereby. It has
resuscitated the very world of existence. On
the one hand, the Lights of Reality are shin-
ing forth; on the other, the clouds of God's
mercy are pouring down the fulness of His
Bounty. On the one hand we have progress
of the material type; on the other great spirit-
ual discoveries are being realized. Truly this
ca11 be called the miracle of centuries, for it is
the manifestation of the miraculous. The
time has arrived for all mankind to become
united. The time has come when all nativities
shall have one fatherland. The day is at hand
when all religions shall be one religion. The
day has dawned in which no racial conditions
shall remain. The day has come when re-
ligious bias shall pass away. It is a day when
the oneness of human kind shall uplift its
standard. It is the day When international
peace, like the true morning, is to flood the
world with its light. Therefore we offer the
utmost supplication to God, asking Him to
dispel these gloomy clouds and to uproot these
imitations in order that the East and West
may become radiant; that all the nations of the
world shall embrace one another, and the real
spiritual brotherhood, like the sun of the heav-
ens, may shine upon all the nations. This
is our hope, this is our inclination, this is our
desire. We hope through God's grace and
bestowal that we may attain thereto. And I
am very happy to be present at this meeting,
which has innate radiance, intelligence, percep-
tion and longing to investigate Realities. Such
meetings are the glory of the world of man-
kind. And in your behalf I ask God's bless-
ing.
ADDRESS BY RABBI JOSEPH SILVERMAN.
My friends, does it not seem to you this aft-
ernoon that we have had a demonstration of
the saying, light from the East"? We are
accustomed to see the sunlight come from
the East. We no longer regard it as a miracle;
still it is a daily miracle that strikes our vision,
a supernatural event that comes over the uni-
verse every day providing light and warmth,
this wonder-orb of nature sending forth its
rays to revivfy the whole earth. So it seems
to me that we have had a spiritual light from
the East. It came originally from the East,
and it has come from the East again and again,
traveling Westward. This visit of Abdul-
Baha to our country seems to me to be another
exemplification of that ancient proverb which
has done service so long. The world needs
light. The light is the source of the world's
redemption. It is the source of the world's res-
urrection. The light that comes from the mind
and from the heart brings to us a revelation of
Truth. There is nothing new in this doctrine
of universal peace. It was _written in the
scriptures three thousand or more years ago,
was reiterated by the prophets, was heralded
forth by teachers time and time again and still
it is left for this twentieth century to introduce
a movement that shall give life to that ancient
doctrine. It seems a commonplace thing to
tell people to live at peace with each other,
and yet it is the only doctrine that deserves to
be preached. -Now this man comes to us in
his simplicity, in his oriental garb, in his ori-
ental speech; he has a fascination about him,
not because of any new thing that he preaches,
but because he brings a message that is true,
a message that appeals to our minds and our
hearts. We Western people have been living
at war with each other all these ages. We have
built up a wonderful civilization. have
established great nations in Europe and
America. We have built up monarchies, we
have created republics, and we have exhausted
all the arts and artifices of modern civiliza-
tion. We have built churches which send their
steeples towering to the very sky. We have
built institutions of learning, and with all our
building We are far behind the simple Orientals,
who know nothing of our civilization and care
less for it, but who do know the wonder, the
greatness, the majesty, the sublimity, the 
entrancing force of that only religion which is
to them real, the religion of Peace. When you
think of it, my friends, there is no other re-
ligion, there is absolutely no other religion;
there are only forms of religion. I do not care
what the name is or what the church, whether
you call it Zoroastrianism, Christianity, Moham-
medanism, Judaism or Christian Science, they
are only forms; they are shells which enclose
the kernel. The shell is the means of carrying
the kernel from place to place, but don't mis-
take, as so many do, the kernel for the shell;
don't mistake the form for the reality; as the
prophet Abdul-Baha said this afternoon,
"don't mistake the lantern for the light." Seek
the kernel. It is the light we need. Seek the
kernel; it will bring illumination to the mind;
it will bring purity to the heart; it will bring
brotherhood to all mankind.

