STAR OF THE WEST 17
ADDRESSES DELIVERED BY ABDUL-BAHA IN NEW YORK CITY AND VICINITY.
(Continued from page fifteen)
TALK GIVEN BY ABDUL--BAHA AT 309 W. 78TH
NEW YORK CITY, JUNE 15, I912.
Notes by Howard MacNutt.
HAVE made you Wait for awhile, but as I
I was tired I slept a little. Vllhile I was sleep-
ing I was conversing with you as though
speaking at the top of my voice. Then
through the effect of my own voice I awoke.
As I awoke, one word was upon my 1ips,--
the word "Distinction." So I will speak to
you upon that subject this morning.
When we look upon the world of existence
we realize that all material things have a
common bond; and yet, on the other hand,
there are certain points of distinction be-
tween them. For instance, all earthy ob-
jects have common bodily ties. The min-
erals, vegetables and animals all have ele-
mental bodies in common With each other.
Likewise all have place in the order of crea-
tion. This is the common tie or point of con-
tact between them. All of them are com-
posed iof material substance; all have body
and form. This is their common connec-
tion or point of contact. All of them pass
through the process of composition and de-
composition; the law of change affects all.
This is a natural law to the operation of
which all are subject. This law is ruling
throughout creation and constitutes a com-
mon bond of connection among created
things. But at the same time there are cer-
tain distinguishing features between these ob-
jects. For instance between the mineral and
vegetable, the vegetable and animal, the ani-
mal and human, points of distinction exist
which are unmistakable and significant. Like-
wise, there are distinctions between kinds and
species of each kingdom. When we consider
the mineral kingdom in detail, for instance,
we observe not only points of similarity be-
tween objects but points of distinction as well.
Some are immovable bodies, some hard and
solid, some have the power of expansion and
contraction; some are liquid like Water, some
are gaseous like air; some have weight,
others, like fire and electricity, have not. So
there are many points of distinction among
these kinds of elements.
In the vegetable kingdom also we observe
distinction between the various sorts and
species of organisms. Each has its own
form, color and fragrance. In the animal
kingdom the same law rules, as many dis-
tinctions in form, color and function are
noticeable. It is the same in the human king-
dom. From the standpoint of color there
are white, black, yellow and red people; from
the standpoint of physiognomy there is a
great deal of difference and distinction among
races. The Asian, African and American
have different physiognomies; the men of the
North and men of the South are very dif-
ferent in type and features. From an econ-
omic standpoint, in the law of living there
is a great deal of difference. Some are poor,
others wealthy; some are wise, others ignor-
ant; patient and serene, some impa-
tient and excitable; some are prone to jus-
tice, others practice injustice and oppression;
some are meek, others arrogant. In brief,
there are many points of distinction among
humankind.
I desire you for distinction. The Bahais
must be distinguished from others of hu-
manity. But this distinction must not de-
pend upon they should become
more affluent than other people. I do not
desire for you financial distinction. It is
not an ordinary distinction I desire," not sci-
entific, commercial, industrial distinction. For
you I desire spiritual distinction,' that is, you
must become eminent and distinguished in
morals. In ihe Love of God you must become
distinguished from all else. Yo-u~-must become
distinguished for loving humanity; for unity
and accord; for love and justice. In brief,
you must become distinguished in all the vir-
tues of the human world; for faithfulness and
sincerity,' for justice and fidelity,' for firmness
and for philanthropic deeds and
service to the human world; for love toward
every human being; for unity and accord with
all people; for removing prejudices and pro-
moting [nternational Peace. Finally, you
must become distinguished for heavenly illu-
mination and acquiring the bestowals of God.
I desire this distinction for you. This must
be the point of distinction among you.
BY AT 935 Eastman
PARKWAY, BROOKLYN, N. Y. (Home or MR.
AND Mas. HOWARD 
JUNE 16, I9I2.
Stenographio Notes by Miss Esther Foster.
HIS is a good gathering, a very good
gathering. It is a meeting of the maid-
servants of the Merciful and beloved of
God. Such gatherings take place in this world.
Whenever they have take11 place, the results

