14 STAR OF
father, then We might say we had some dif-
ference. But because We belong to one prog-
eny, one family, and they are not various or
divergent, therefore such names distinguish-
ing one from the other, as "This is Italian,
this is German, this is French, the other is
Russian"--this is nonsense. Vile are all hu-
man, and we are all the servants of God, and
we all come from Mr. Adarrfs family. Then
what is this superstitious idea?
All these distinctions or boundary lines have
been created by people who were despotic.
Their aim was fame, their aim was conquest
of land, and they made use of the patriotic
feeling.
They themselves enjoyed luxuries in their
lofty palaces, surrounded with every ease and
affluence, enjoying the most delightful food, en-
joying feathery couches for sleep, and for ex-
ercise preferring the bail room. To the poor
people--the farmers, the laborers, the soldiers
--they said: "Go to the battle-field while
we are enjoying ourselves. 'Ne are captains
and officers; you are soldiers. Go to the bat-
tle-field." The others said: "You are destroy-
ing our homes. 'Why?" They answered: "Be-
cause they are Germans; we are French." But
those who instigated it were all self occupied.
They did not let go of their pleasure. But the
blood of the innocent poor was shed. For
what? For a superstition such as "this is
German, the other is French," when both are
human; both belong to Adam, one family, one
people.
This prejudice, or limited patriotism, is so
often used when patriotism in the larger sense
includes all nativities. There must be peace
among all nations. God created one earth, one
sphere, one globe, and one mankind. This
THE WEST
earth was to be the habitation of man. But
we have come forth and have imagined certain
superstitional boundary lines. They are purely
imaginary, yet we pronounce one section Ger-
many, the other France, and we let them
fight. 'We say: this is Germany; this is
patriotic; this is a great country and should
be helped and assisted," but of the other we
say: "Let it go down; let us destroy it; it
is evil; it is a bad 'country; the people ought
to be killed." 'Why? The line is imaginary,
absolutely, and for these imaginary boundary
lines is it becoming for the precious blood of
man to be spilled, and for him to beliead his
fellow men? For what?
After all, a claim for territory is a claim
just for the love of, or attachment
to, dust. Did you ever stop to think that We
live on this earth of dust for a few days, and
then we remain beneath itforever? So it is
our gmveyard eternally. Is it becoming of
man to fight for his graveyard, which devours
him, an eternal cemetery? For man to fight
over his grave, to kill one another for his
an ignorance! What an inad-
vertencel What a thoughtlessness on the
part of man!
I hope that you people are reasonable enough
not to fight over your graves, and that you
will enjoy the utmost of fellowship, like one
sisters, mothers, 
joying peace and having a good time.
CLOSING REMARKS BY PRESTDENT JORDAN.
We are all under very great obligation to
Abdul-Biaha for this illuminating expression of
the brotherhood of man and the value of inter-
national peace. I think we can best show our
appreciation by simply a rising vote of thanks.
MATRIMONY IN. THE BAHAI SPIRIT.
MR. AND MRS. OBER.
Vvediiesday, July I7, two of our very
0 dear friends, Grace Robarts, of Eliot,
Me., and Harlan Foster Ober, of Beverly,
Mass, were united in holy matrimony by
Abdul-Baha, and in the evening the ceremony
according to the law of our land was per-
formed by the Rev. Howard Colby Ives, of
the Brotherhood Church of Jersey City.
The friends wedding guests at
this marriage--had come from all parts of the
world. Mrs. Helen S. Goodall, Mrs. Ella
Goodall Cooper and Miss Harriet M. \7Vi~se
from California; Mrs. Corinne True from Chi-
cago; Mrs. Drum and Miss H-eagle from
Washington; M. Hippolyte Dreyfus-Barney
from Paris, and a goodly representation of our
Oriental brothers--Seyd Assad'Ullah of Ghom,
Persia; Dr. Ameen U. Fareed of Haifa, Syria;
Mirza Valiollah Khan, of Teheran, Persia;
Mirza Mahmood, of Bombay, India; Mirza Ali
Akbar, of Baku, Russia, and Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab of 'Nashington, D. C. There were also
many of the Bahais of New York and neigh-
boring centers.
Never before in America had such a wed-
ding as this been witnessed. All seemed to
feel the Power of the Holy Spirit. The Rev.
Howard Colby Ives read the marriage rite
and after the ring had been placed upon the

