STAR OF THE WEST 9
intellect say? Preserve your life! Preserve
your propertyfire
with God's love will forego all possessions.
On such occasions his actions appear insane;
but he is in a sacrificial state. Honor, glory,
everything pertaining to himself, is sacrificed.
means that the harvest of rea-
son becomes consumed by the fire of faith.
In such a state a man appears insane. Those
who see him under such circumstances would
say: "Here is a man who l1as good position,
who has honor, affluence, man
of competence, and he has sacrificed all of
these in the path of some mysterious thing 1"
are the "seventy-two de-
grees of insanity" spoken of by 
Amwer--O11e is to forfeit possessions, to
forfeit estates. One is to forego name, honor,
fame. One is to forsake relatives, station.
Et cetera [ended Abdul~Baha, laughing], et
cetera, et cetera. Each one of these is a dis--
tinct insanity!
TALK GIVEN BY ABDUL--BAHA AT 780 
END AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY (Home or
MR AND MRS. E. B. KINNEY), APRIL I7,
1912.
Notes by John G. Grundy.
the Holy Books it is recorded that when
I the Sun of Truth dawns it will appear
in the East and its Light Will be re-
flected in the West. Already its dawning
has taken place in the East and its signs are
appearing in the West. Its illumination shall
spread rapidly and widely in the Occident.
That Sun of Truth has risen in Persia and
its effulgence is now manifest here in Amer-
ica. This is the greatest proof of its appear-
ance in the horizon of the World, as recorded
in the Heavenly Books. Praise be to God!
that which is prophesied in the Holy Books
has been fulfilled.
On Sunday last, at Carnegie Hall, the
revered soul who introduced Abdul-Baha gave
voice to the statement that according to tra-
dition demons would appear from the land
of the sun-rising, but now we find angels
appearing instead. At the time this statement
was made a reply was not possible, but today
we will speak of it. The great Spiritual
Lights have appeared only in the East. The
Blessed Perfection appeared in
the East. His Holiness Jesus Christ dawned
on the horizon of the East. Moses, Aaron,
Joseph and all the Israelitish prophets such
as Jeremiah, Ezekiel, Isaiah and others, ap-
peared from the Orient. The Lights of
l\/Iohammed and the Bab shone from the
East. The Eastern horizon has been flooded
with the effulgence of these great Lights,
and only from the East have they risen to
shine upon the I/Vest. Now, praise be to
God! you are living in the' dawn of a cycle
when the Sun of Truth is again shining forth
from the East, illumining all regions.
The -world has become a new World. The
darkness of night which has enveloped
humanity is passing. A new day has dawned.
Divine susceptibilities and heavenly Capacities
are developing in human souls under the train-
ing of the Sun of Truth. The capacities of
souls are different. Their conditions are vari-
ous. For example, certain minerals come from
the stony regions of the earth. All are min-
erals; all are produced by the same sun,
but one remains a stone while another devel-
ops the capacity of a glittering gem or jewel.
From one plot of land tulips and hyacinths
grow; from another, thorns and thistles.
Each plot receives the bounty of the sunshine,
but the capacity to receive it is not the same.
Therefore it is requisite that we must develop
capacity and Divine susceptibility in order that
the merciful Bounty of the Sun of Truth in-
tended for this age and time in which we are
living, may reflect from us as light from pure

The Bounties of the Blessed Perfection are
infinite. We must endeavor to increase our
capacity daily, to strengthen and enlarge our
capabilities for receiving them; become as
perfect mirrors. The more polished and clean
the mirror, the more effulgent is its re-
flection of the Lights of the Sun of Truth.
Be like a well cultivated garden wherein the
roses and variegated flowers of heaven are
growing in fragrance and beauty. It is my
hope that your hearts may become as ready
ground, carefully tilled and prepared, upon
which the Divine showers of the Bounties of
the Blessed Perfection may descend and the
of this Divine springtime may blow
with quickening breath. Then will the gar-
den of your hearts bring forth its flowers of
delightful fragrance to refresh the nostril of
the Heavenly Gardener. Let your hearts re-
flect the glories of the Sun of Truth in their
many colors to gladden the of the Divine
Cultivator who has nourished them. Day by
day become more closely attracted in order
that the Love of God may illumine all those
with whom you come in contact. Be as one
spirit, one soul, leaves of one tree, flowers of
one garden, waves of one ocean.

