STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9,1911, at the post ofiice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3,1879.
Azhasnr R. 
Associate Editor--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI, Chicago
. $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Non -- Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to NEWS P, O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill" U, S. A.
To personal checks please add suflicrent to cover the haul: exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI News SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 

TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! ma IS cop! 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form 1s small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become World-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all 11D0fl firmness, firmness'.
firmness 
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Anus. 
Vol. Chicago (January 19, 1913) Sultan No. 17
ARRIVAL IN ENGLAND.
BY ISABEL FRASER.
New York on the White Star liner
Celtic, December 13th.
The boat was late and it was about nine
o'clock before it docked. Miss Elizabeth
Herrick, formerly of Liverpool, now of Lon-
don, had gone up to Liverpool a day ahead
to arrange for the addresses. M. Hippolyte
Dreyfus-Barney had come from Paris to meet
Abdul-Baha and a group from Manchester,
Liverpool, and Leeds, in all about a dozen,
watched the great liner come slowly up the
stream, literally out of the dark night. Sudden-
ly we caught sight of Abdul-Baha in the ship's
bow, and as she hove to he walked slowly
down the long deck till he stood quite alone,
in the very center of the center deck. All
eyes on the landing stage were at once riveted
upon him as he peered over the ship's side
into the rain and gloom of Liverpool. The
huge modern boat made a fitting frame for
the Master-symbol, as it is oi this outpouring
of power, designed as it is to bring brothers
into closer touch, and Abdul-Baha, the Center
of this dispensation, appeared standing in com-
mand.
To the little group on the landing stage it
seemed ages before the first, second and third-
class baggage was arranged in the customs,
and the porters and reporters dashed aboard.
Finally we caught sight of the Well-
Beloved's white turbaned head, and directly
back of him, as they came slowly down the
gang-plank, one of the Persians carried a tiny
Japanese orange-tree from California. Laden
BDUL-BAHA arrived in Liverpool from
with fruit, it looked like an offering from the
tropics as it swayed in the gusts oi the broad
Mersey.
stayed two days in Liverpool, stopping
at the Adelphi hotel. During that time he
made two addresses, one to the Theosophical
Society on Saturday night, December 14th,
and one at Pembroke Chapel, a Baptist
church, Sunday evening, December 15th. 
left for London the next morning.
Since leaving London a year ago, Abdul-
Baha has traveled far. From here he went
to Paris, and from thence traveled to Alex-
andria and Cairo. Last April he visited the
States, going as far west as San Fran-
cisco. It was in this city that he made his
famous address to the Jews, speaking on the
relations between Judaism and Christianity,
an address which is far-reaching not only
from the Jewish but from the broad Christian
standpoint.
On being asked what the Jewish attitude
toward him was on that oc-casion, Abdul-Baha
said: "Many of those present came up and
shook me by the hand, and a certain Jew came
to me as I was leaving the synagogue and
said, am ashamed to be prejudiced any
longer.' And, again, as I was walking one
day in the street another Jew came to me
and said, 'We were neglectiul and headless,
and you enlivened us; We slept and you awoke
us. It behooves us to remain steadfast now
and look to true knowledge, and forget our
2,000-year--old differences.' 

