STAR OF THE WEST 9
to death. But the reality of man,-the human
spirit--is simultaneously possessed of all
forms and figures without being bereft of any
of them. It does not require transformation
from one concept to another. Were it to be
bereft of one or all figures we would then say
it has been transferred to another, and this
would be equivalent to death. But as the
human spirit possesses all the figures simul-
taneously it has no transformation or death.
Again, according to natural philosophy it is
an assured fact that single or simple elements
are indestructible. As nature is indestructible,
every simple element of nature is lasting and
permanent. Death and annihilation affect only
compounds and compositions. That is to say,
compositions are destructible. When decom-
position takes place death occurs. For ex-
ample, certain single elements have combined
to make this flower. When this combination
is disintegrated, this composition decomposed,
the flower dies as an organism of the vegetable
kingdom. But the single elements of which
this flower is composed do not stiffer death, for
all single elements are permanent, everlasting,
and not subject to destruction. They are inde-
structible because they are single and not com-
pound. Thus they cannot disintegrate nor be-
come separated in their component atoms but
are single, simple and therefore everlasting.
Now if an elementary substance is possessed
of immortality, how can the human spirit or
reality, which is wholly above combination and
composition, be destroyed? Nay rather that
spirit which is all in all is a unit and 11ot a
compound. Its destruction therefore is not
possible. The spirit of man transcends the
qualities and attributes of any natural element.
It is greater in attributes than gold, silver or
iron which are single elements and indestructi-
ble. As they are free from destruction and
qualified with permanence, how much more so
is the human spirit free and immortal. How
will that ever be destroyed?
This is a subject of great importance. There
are innumerable proofs in support of it. I hope
We may continue it at another time.
Before we leave I desire to offer a prayer in
behalf of Miss Farmer, for verily she has been
the founder of this organization, the source of
this loving fellowship and assemblage.
Thou kind God! Encircle these servants
with the glances of Thy Providence. Set
aglow the hearts of this assemblage with the
Fire of Thy Love. Illumine these faces with
the Light of Heaven. Enlighten these hearts
with the Light of the Most Great Guidance.
God! The clouds of superstitions have
covered the horizons of the hearts. Lord!
dispel these clouds so that the Lights of the
Sun of Reality may shine. O- Lord! illumine
our eyes so that we may behold Thy Light.
Lord! Cleanse our ears so that we may
hear the call of the Supreme Concourse. 
Lord! render our tongues eloquent so that we
may become engaged in Thy Commemoration.
Lord! sanctify and purify the hearts so that
the effulgence of Thy Love may shine therein.
Thou kind Lord! Bestow quick recovery
through Thy Power and Bounty upon the
founder of this Association. Lord! this
woman has served Thee, has turned her face
toward Thy Kingdom and has established
these conferences in order that Reality might
be investigated and the Light of Reality shine.
Lord! be Thou ever her support. 
Lord! be Thou ever her Comforter. Lord!
bestow upon her quick healing. erily Thou
art the Clement! Verily Thou art the Merci-
full Verily Thou art the Generous.
A CRUMB FROM THE TABLE OF ABDUL-BAHA.
"The sword has been working over six
thousand years and has become dull. We must
look about us for another sword to take its
place. The greatest sword is the tongue. Its
authority and sway is over hearts. The sword
of steel sheds blood; the sword of speech
bestows life. One takes away life; the other
grants it. This one is temporal in action and
effect; the other is eternal. This one is of
metal; that one is the Love of God. This is
the difference between the two swords we
possess. Today the real sword is the tongue.
Too long it has remained in the scabbard, un-
used, rusty. We must take it out and use it
more and more every day."
OUR PERSIAN SECTION:
This issue contains--(I) Talks by Abdul-
Baha on "Two Kinds of Education," delivered
in the Unitarian Church of Dublin, N. (2)
cablegram from Abdul-Baha to the American
friends upon his arrival at Liverpool, England;
(3) letter from Mirza Ahmad Sohrab.

