STAR OF THE WEST His majestic figure became
a familiar object.
The physical sun has its rising and its set-
ting. The world has its day and its
night. After each sunset there is a sunrise
and the coming of a new dawn. The Sun of
Reality likewise has Its rising and setting.
There is a Day and a night in the world of
spirituality. After each Departure there is
a Return and the Dawning-Light of a New
Day.
Furthermore, the Reality of Divinity is
characterized by certain Names and Attri-
butes. Among these Names is "Creator," "Re-
suscitator," "Provider," the "All-Present,"
"Almighty," "Omniscient," and "Giver." These
Names and Attributes of Divinity are eternal
and not accidental. This is a very subtle point
which demands close attention. Their exist-
ence is proved and necessitated by the appear-
ance of phenomena. For example, "Creator"
presupposes creation, "Resuscitator" implies
resuscitation, "Provider" necessitates provi-
sion, otherwise these would be empty and im-
possible names. "Merciful" evidences an ob-
ject upon which mercy is bestowed. If Mercy
was not manifest, this Attribute of God would
not be realized. The name "Lord" proves the
existence of subjects over whom sovereignty
is exercised. The Name "Omniscient" de-
mands the objects of All-Knowing. Unless
these objects existed, Omniscence would be
meaningless and without function. The Name
"The Wise" necessitates objects for the exer-
cise of wisdom, and unless wisdom compre-
hended them this Name would be inconceiv-
able. Therefore the Divine Names and At-
tributes presuppose the existence of phe-
nomena implied by those Names and Attri-
butes. And vice versa the Sovereignty of God
is proved and established through their verity
and being.
Reflect then carefully that the Sovereignty
of God is not accidental but everlasting and
eternal, and that it necessitates the existence
of phenomenal being. Kingship necessitates
a kingdom, an army, a treasury, subjects, a
court and ministers. How could there be a
king without subjects, dominion and wealth?
Otherwise anybody could claim to be a king.
"Where is your army?" do not need one."
"l/Vhere is your country?" "It is unnecessary.
I am a king without a kingdom, without army,
subjects or s'overeign'ry." Is this possible?
Therefore Divine Sovereignty necessitates
a Creation over which Its dominion is exer-
cised. There must be evidences of sover-
eignty. If we try to conceive of a time when
creation was non-existent, when there were
no subjects or creatures under Divine do-
minion and control, Divinity Itself would dis-
appear; there would be a cessation oi the
Bounty of God, just as the kingship and favor
of an monarch would disappear if his
kingdom did not exist. The Sovereignty of
God is eternal. There has been no beginning;
there will be no end. This is as evident as the
sun at midday even to one endowed with
limited reason.
'When we consider the phenomenal sun we
'aw
"How are you?"

