20 STAR OF
prophesied the Messianic cycle and His Holi-
ness Christ fulfilled the Mosaic Law. It is
evident, therefore, that they are united and
agreed; there is no difference or discrimina-
tion among them. All are the founders of
Reality and all are promulgators of the Re-
ligion of God. The Religion of God is
Reality and Reality is not multiple; it is One.
Therefore the foundations of the Divine Re-
ligions are One because all are based upon
the One Reality which is not multiple. But
the people of these Religions have disagreed;
discord, enmity, strife, rancor and warfare have
become rife among them, because they have
forsaken the Divine Foundation of Reality,
holding to that which is imitation. Inasmuch
as imitations differ, strife and enmity have
crept in. For example His Holiness Jesus
Chi-ist--may my spirit be a sacrifice to Him--
laid the foundation, and that foundation was
the Eternal Reality. But after the time of
His Holiness Christ many sects sprang up.
What was the cause of these sects? There
is no doubt that they were caused by dog-
matic imitation, for the foundations of His
Holiness Christ were the One Foundation.
But because imitations crept in, different sects
and various denominations appeared. Now
if the Christian denominations and sects
should investigate the realities, that founda-
tion of His Holiness Christ which is the
Divine Reality will unite them all. No enmity
or rancor will remain among them for they
will emulate the One Reality. Likewise if all
the existing religious systems will forsake an-
cestral imitations and investigate the Reality,
seeking to find the real meanings of the Holy
Books, they will unite and agree, for the
foundation of all is Reality. As long as they
follow these counterfeit doctrines or imi-
tations, not emulating the Reality, un-
doubtedly animosity and strife will exist,
predominate and day by day increase. Let me
illustrate this point. His Holiness Moses and
the Israelitish prophets announced the coming
of the Messiah, but voiced it in the language
of symbology. When His Holiness Christ
appeared, the Jews rejected Him, though as a
matter of fact they were expecting His Mani-
festation and in their temples and synagogues
were moaning and lamenting, Saying God,
hasten the coming of the Messiah!" But
when His Holiness the Messiah appeared they
denied Him. Wily did they deny Him? Be-
cause they had followed imitations and had
not investigated reality. They had not dis-
cerned the inner significances of the Holy
THE WEST
Bible. The objected saying, "We are ex-
pecting His Holiness Christ, but the appear-
ance of His Holiness Christ is conditioned
upon certain fulfilrnents. The prophets have
given certain announcements. Among the
prophetic signs regarding His coming being
one that His Holiness should come from an
unknown place; whereas now this Messiah has
come from Nazareth. We know His house
and we recognize His mother.
"Second, one of the conditions or Messianic
signs was that His scepter would be an iron
rod, and this Christ has not even a wooden
scepter.
"Third, that He was to be seated upon the
throne of David, whereas this Messiah is in
the utmost state of poverty and has not even
a mat.
"Fourth--He was to conquer the East and
the West. This personage has not even con-
quered a village. How can He be Messiah?
"Fifth-He was to promulgate the laws of
the Bible. This one has not only failed to
promulgate the laws of the Bible but He has
broken the Sabbath law.
"Sixth--Messiah was to gather together all
the Jews who were scattered in Palestine, and
He was to render them honorable. But this
One has degraded the Jews. He has not
gathered them together.
during His sovereignty even
the animals were to enjoy blessing and com-
fort.
"This is according to the prophetic texts.
Messiah should influence the world and there
should be peace to such an extent that the
eagle and quail were to live together; the
lion and deer were to feed in the same
meadow; the wolf and the lamb were to lie
down in the same pasture. In the human
kingdom warfare was to cease entirely and
battles Were to pass away; spears were to be
turned into pruning hooks; warfare was to
disappear forever from the midst of men.
Now we see in the clay of this Messiah such
injustice prevails that even He was sacrificed.
How could He be the Messiah that was prom-
ised? This Messiah is not the promised
Christ."
And thus they expressed infamous words
regarding Him.
Now inasmuch as the Jews were submerged
in the sea of ancestral imitations they could
not comprehend the meaning of these proph-
ecies. All of them were fulfilled, but because
the Jews held tenaciously to ancestral imita-
tions they did not comprehend the meanings

