STAR OF THE WEST 7
as revealed in Jesus, in Moses, and in Abra-
ham. Each Manifestation presents His mes-
sage according to His own phraseology, per-
haps best suited to the age of His advent,
while each one was chosen to fill a certain
station or office, through which He should
minister to mankind.
Abraham, being absolutely obedient to the
commands of God without question or hesita-
tion, was proclaimed "the Father of all Na-
tions." Moses was the great Law Giver, upon
whose commands all common law has been
based ever since. Iesus Christ came to sacri-
fice His life that the way for man back to
God might be opened, or made clear; hence
He "was called the Saviour of man. While
is to fulfill all prophecy, and
bring the world into the promised "Day of
Peace," by giving laws and commands which
will eventually rule and unite all governments,
and remove all vital differences among, and
between nations. He has given searching ad-
monitions which He said "descended from the
Source of Majesty, through the tongue of
Power and Strength upon the prophets of the
past," and that "He h-ath taken I ts essences
and clothed them with the garment of brevity,
as a favor to the beloved, that they may fulfill
the covenant of God; that they may perform
in themselves that which He has entrusted to
them, and attain the victory by virtue of devo-
tion in the land of the .S'pirit."
The first of these Hidden Words is Son
of Spirit! The first Counsel is: Possess a
good, pure and enlightened heart, that thou
mayest possess a Kingdom Eternal, immortal,
ancient, and without end." And again: 
Son of Man! I loved thy creation, wherefore
love Me, that I may acknowledge thee, and in
the Spirit of life confirm thee."
In the "Book of Laws" written for all races
and governments has settled all
social, political, and economic questions of this
day so clearly, justly and effectually that all
men will wonder as they are given to the
world. When He had revealed the message
in full by writings many, He passed out of the
body, leaving them to His Son Abdul-Baha,
whom. He proclaimed as the Center of God's
Covenant with men, that he might interpret
the meanings, and promote them as rapidly as
possible.
Both Father and Son insist that progress
Shall be attained by natural growth, or un-
folding of all great events, rather than by
revolution, hence Abdul-Baha is giving his
life to the Cause, and the thousands of all
nat-ions and religions who have come to
acknowledge the Oneness of God, and the
brotherhood of man through his Wonderful
personality and teaching is a proof of his
power and God-given commission.
has proven the existence of
the Lord of Glory, and made so plain His
plans that the infidel and agnostic cannot fail
of an understanding, if he sees fit to investi-
gate its truths with a desire to know, and
these facts cannot fail to break down all bar-
riers between the so-called great religions of
the world.
This revelation is not a new Religion but
the very essence of God's Vllord as taught by
the Christ, but not perceived by Christianity
at large.
If there is no difference between the teach-
ing of Christ a11d Why then need
We turn from the one to follow the other?
The same question has been asked at the
appearing of every one of God's Prophets, and
each one has been rejected by the former re-
ligions. Jesus said that if the Jews had un-
derstood the message of Moses they would
have accepted Him, for His coming had been
proclaimed for thousands of years. The per-
sonality of each Messenger becomes the
stumbling stone over which the creatures of
all ages have fallen, and in the fall have lost
sight of the Creator, so in time darkness and
materiality have covered the face of the earth,
selfishness and greed have destroyed the Gar-
den of God, until the few souls who are ever
listening for His Voice and crying out for
light and knowledge have prevailed. Then in
due time when the world has evolved to such
a condition as is needful for His all wise
purposes, another Prophet is sent with the
Word of Life.
Had the priesthood of the former religions
that exist today been listening only for the
Word theywould gladly receive the message
of for every condition which
Christ and all other prophets proclaimed would
prevail in "that Day" is now being fulfilled.
Why question the horizon from which the
Light proceeds? Search the Scriptures of all
religions and behold the Glorious Sun of
Truth that has arisen once more to deliver
man from sin and self.

