STAR OF THE WEST 13
\/Vhen we are not captives of Nature, when
we can control ourselves, shall we allow our-
selves to be captives of Nature and act in
accordance with the exigencies of Nature?
In Nature there is the law of the survival
of the fittest. If humanity be not educated,
then, according to the natural institutes, the
law of the survival of the fittest will demand
of man supremacy.
Vkihat is the object of all the schools and
colleges? What is the basis for the univer-
sities? They are for the purpose of rescuing
man from the exigencies of Nature, to relieve
or rescue from him the defects of Nature, and
to endow him with the capability of con-
trolling the benefits of Nature.
Consider: Were you to relegate this plot
of ground here to Nature, leave it in its
primordial status, it would become a thorny
place and useless weeds would grow therein,
but when we cultivate it, it becomes fertile
soil, yielding 'a harvest.
VVere you to leave these mountains to their
original state, they wouldbecome jungles with
no fruitful trees. 'When cultivation is fol-
lowed, then these gardens will yield fruitful
trees, and then yours will be a variegated
flower garden to enjoy.
Therefore, the world of humanity should not
be left to its naturalism. It is in need of edu-
cation, and, according to the Divine education,
must it be educated. The Holy, Divine Mani-
festations of God were teachers. They were
the gardeners of God, in order that they might
transform the jungles into fruitful orchards
and make of the thorny places delightful
gardens.
Then what is the particular function of
man? It is that man should rescue himself,
save himself, from the defects of Nature, and
become qualified with the ideal virtues.
ls it behooving for us to sacrifice these ideal
virtues and these possibilities of advancement?
God has endowed us with a power whereby we
ca11 even overco-me the laws of Nature. 
is the power to wrest the sword from Na-
ture's hand, and then use that sword against
Nature itself. Is it meet that we should be
captives of Nature still, and fail to act accord-
ing to the exigencies of Nature, which demand
the law of the survival of the fittest? That is,
shall we allow no difference to exist between
us and the ferocious animal, but continue
exercising a ferocity like unto it?
There is no baser state than that of the fe-
rocious type. There is no greater degradation
for man than this. There is no worse debase-
ment than the battle-field. It is the cause of
the wrath of God! It is the cause of the
destruction of the foundations of man.
Praise be to God! I find myself in an as-
semblage, the members of which are all peace-
loving and advocates of international peace,
the thoughts of all being for the oneness of
humanity, and the ambition of all is to render
service to the cause of humanitarianism.
Thus I supplicate God that He may con-
firm and aid you, that each one of you may
at last become a professor emeritus, that each
one of you may become the cause of spreading
science, that each one of you may become a
standard-bearer for peace and a bond connect-
ing the hearts of men.
His Holiness fifty years ago
declared the necessity of peace among the
nations, and the necessity of liberalism in the
form of peace among the religions. He de-
clared the necessity of peace among the races
and peace among the countries. He says that
the fundamental basis of all religions is one,
that religion was aimed to be a bond to unite
in fellowship all men, that the differences
which have arisen are due to blind imitation
(or dogma), and that these dogmatic institutes
are distinct from the foundations of the proph-
ets; that because the blind imitations are va-
rious, they have caused differences and sedi-
tion, but that if the reality underlying religious
teaching should be investigated all the religions
would be unified, that religion would be the
cause of unity and accord, 'the cause of bind-
ing together the hearts.
If a religion should prove to be the- cause
of dissension and discord, He declared it is
better to do without religion entirely, for
religion then is a harm, and the absence of
that which is a harm is better than its pres-
ence.
Religion was destined to be a remedy of God.
It was to be a panacea for the ails of humanity.
It was to be a salve for the wounds of man
But if its misapplication, or misuse, has caused
such a havoc, causing battle and war among
men, causing bloodshed among humanity, irre-
ligion is better then than religion.
He emphasized international peace exceed-
ingly. He declared humanity to be mankind-
oue. All are the progeny of Adam. That is,
they are the lineage of one personage, one
family. has become such a big
family, such a large family. You cannot con-
ceive of various races or distinct types in one
family. If some of the members of a family
were of a certain person, and if some were
members of the of another person;
in other words, if we had two Adams for our

