STAR OF THE WEST ll
enjoy the companionship of the sheep, and
the lion and the deer will never associate to-
gether~because the lion and the deer will see
each other~but the deer will be within the
lion, and the sheep will ever be the prey of
the wolf. As you know, the teeth of the
lion are carnivorous. It has no molars to
enjoy grass. Hence it must eat flesh.
Therefore this prophecy is symbolic of this
state of affairs ;--when certain nations and
races symbolized or typified by lions and
wolves and sheep, amongst whom there is no
bond of fellowship or association, in that
day of promise will be unified, and treat each
other most kindly and liberally.
In a word, the age is ours when fellowship
is to be established!
The century has come when all the religions
are to be unified!
The century has come when all the nations
shall enjoy international peace!
The century has come when all the races
and the tribes of the World will do away with
racial prejudice and associate perfectly!
The century has arrived when all the na-
tivities of the world will prove to be one
home of the human family!
Thus may human kind in its entirety rest
comfortably and in peace under the great and
broad tabernacle of the one Lord.
ABDUL-BAHA IN SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA.
Continued from last issue of the STAR OF THE VVEST.
BY FRANCES ORR ALLEN.
HE only public address of Abdul-Baha
in Berkeley was given the evening of
October 9th at the High School Audito-
rium before a large and representative gather-
ing. He had been invited by Mr. I. Stitt Wil-
son, the Mayor of Berkeley, to be the guest of
the city. In the Mayor's absence, he was
introduced by Mr. H. I. Stern, of the Public
School Department.
The next morning, Abdul-Baha made quite
a different visit--not to one of the great uni-
versities, but to the humble home of one of
the friends, Charles Tinsley, a colored man,
who was confined to his bed on account of a
broken leg. During this visit, Abdul-Baha
told a beautiful story of a ruler who trained
the subject he loved best in order to fit him
to hold the most important place in his king-
dom--told how he scourged him, and maimed
him, and caused him all manner of sorrow and
suffering that he might know for himself what
these conditions were in reality, meanwhile
assuring him that he loved him and that only
through this training could he be fitted for the
great place he had destined him to fill.
The evening of the same day, October Ioth,
Abdul-Baha gave an address before the Open
Forum, an organization for the discussion of
economic and kindred subjects. His discourse
was scientific, contrasting the philosophy of the
East with that of the West.
Friday evening, he spoke before the Theo-
sophical Society and their friends, being intro-
duced at length by the President of the So-
ciety, who presented Abdul-Baha as onc of
the Enlightened.
The most remarkable public address given
during the visit to the Coast was on Saturday
morning, October Izth, at Temple Emmanu-
El. It was a wonderful sight, Abdul-Baha
standing in the pulpit of that magnificent syna-
gogue, between pillars of palms. The morn-
ing sunshine came dimly through the beautiful
colored windows, descending as in benediction
and approval of the call to righteousness, once
more being given to the chosen people of the
Lord. In their own synagogue, he proved to
the congregation the validity of Christ. He
called upon them to investigate Reality,--not
to be bound by dogma. He urged them to
respect the name of Christ and of Mohammed,
and, above all, exhorted them to be kind.
From the synagogue Abdul--Baha was driven
to Mrs. Goodall's Oakland home, where Chil-
dren's Day was to be observed. The after-
noon was especially for the little ones, whom
Abdul-Baha loves so tenderly. The spacious
parlors were filled with the children and their
parents and friends, and the rooms were sweet
with the fragrance of many flowers. The chil-
dren greeted him with the beautiful song,
"Softly His Voice Is Calling Now." Calling
them to him, he gave them candy and flowers,
and then went to each one, child and adult, and
gave an envelope, containing rose leaves. He
named the children "radiant children." They
followed him about and 'he took the little
ones in his arms. Later the children gathered
on the steps, where a photograph was taken.
It was a beautiful afternoon. Truly one who
has not seen Abdul--Baha with the children
has missed a great deal.
At 3:30 o'clock of the following day, Sun-
day, Abdul-Baha spoke in the reading room

