18 STAR OP
the air. He is not a bird. He is not avian,
but through science he soars in the air in the
aeroplane. Science thus enables him to break
natural law. Through the power of science
he sails over the sea. Hence there is an ex-
plosion of natural law. Man is not a fish
of the sea, yet he goes sub-marine. He
breaks a natural law. All the products of
sciences and arts that we see were once
mysteries of nature. Even electricity, which
is before us. But man, breaking the natural
laws and rules, takes out of the plane of
the mysterious that instrument of nature, and
reveals them on the plane of the visible. There
are many examples, but brevity is to be ob-
served, that man is capable of breaking natural
laws, 1\/Ian, as it were, takes the sword from
nature's hand, and with the same scepter does
he go for nature itself. Nature is devoid of
the crown of human faculties and verifies.
Man is possessed of conscious intelligence,
whereof nature is minus. This is an estab-
lished fact among the philosophers. Man
has volition, whereas nature is minus volition.
Man has memory. Nature has no memory.
Man can discover the mysteries latent in
nature, whereas nature itself cannot be con-
scious of the mysteries' within itself. Man is
progressive. Nature is not. It is stationary.
It has neither the power of being progressive
nor retrogressive. Man is possessed of cer~
tain ideal virtues, for example, science, vo-
lition,--among them faith; among them con-
fesson or acknowledgment of God; among
them volitional acts of philosophy, while
nature is devoid of these. Therefore, the
ideal faculties of man, namely, those men-
tioned, and, for example, the scientific ca-
pacity of acquisition, are beyond the natural
ken. This is the power whereby man is made
distinguished and differentiated from all other
forms of life. This is the bestowal of the
Divine Idealism, which is a crown adorning
human heads. Witli such a Divine bestowal
which God has bestowed upon man, namely,
a power which is beyond nature,--alas! It
is most amazing to state that inaterialists
consider themselves Within the natural bound
and captives of nature, whereas God has
bestowed upon man certain virtues and cer-
tain faculties whereby he is most distinguished.
He has given him the ideal power. Nature is
dispossessed of it. Therefore we must all
thank God for having endowed us with such
a bestowal. Such a power as He gave us!
Such a crown as he placed upon our heads!
THE WEST
And we should expend these bestowals, these
bounties, in our efforts towards the unification
of the 'human race. Let us expend this power
in the oneness of the world of humanity.
Let us confer these virtues upon efforts
directed to the unification of the white and
the colored. Let us devote this science to
the unification and the establishment of amity
among all the parts and parcels of humanity,
so! If all the trees were to bear the same
red, under the protection or providence of
God, may hold each other's hands and be-
come as one nation, as one kind, as one
ocean, and, as it were, that we may be to that
ocean as the waves are to the sea. Although
the shapes and forms of these waves differ,
yet they are waves of the same sea. Although
these flowers are variegated, yet they are
flowers of the one garden. Although they
are different trees, yet they are the trees of the
same orchard. All are nurtured and brought
up by the same bounty, by the same rain. All
are trained by the heat and light of the same
sun. All these trees are refreshed or exhilar-
ated by the sarn.e breezes, that they may bear
various fruits. It is better that it should be
so. If all the trees were to bear the same
fruit, it would not be delicious. When we
have variegated and different fruits, it is
most enjoyable, and it is a means of man's
enjoyment and not his monotony. And now
as I look into your faces, I am reminded of
trees of various colors and various shapes,
l3EUR&1'i11g different luscious fruits. All are de-
licious, and the fragrance of all is delightful.
The complexion of all is beautiful. The de-
light and spirituality of all are most desirable,
and this is not but through the favor of God,
and it is a source of thankfulness. Now,
praise be to God! you are living on one of the
greatest continents of the world, and en-
joying the perfect liberty, enjoying perfect
security and peace. There is no cause'of
sorrow left. Every means of enjoyment is
at hand. For in the human world there is no
greater blessing than liberty. You do not
know. I, who have been for forty years a
prisoner, do know. I do know the value of
liberty. For you have been and are in liberty
and freedom and you have no fear of any-
body. Is there any greater blessing than
this? Freedom or liberty and security! These
are the great bestowals of God. Therefore,
praise ye God!
I am going to pray in your behalf.

