14 STAR OF
the greatness of saying He was
the miracle of humanity. This was their con-
fession, although they did not believe in Him.
He was eulogized by Christians, Jews, Zoro-
astrians and Mohammedans, who denied His
claim. They frequently said, "He is matchless,
unique." A Christian poet in the Orient
wrote, "Do not believe him a Manifestation
of God, yet his miracles are as great as the
sun." Mirza Abul Fazl has mentioned many
poems of this kind, and there are numerous
others. The testimony of His enemies wit-
nessed that He was the "miracle of mankind,"
He "walked in a special pathway of
knowledge" and was "peerless in personality."
His teachings are universal and the standard
for human action. They are not merely the-
oretical and intended to remain in books.
They are the principles of action. Results
follow action. Mere theory is fruitless. Of
what use is a book upon "Medicine" if it
is never taken from the library shelf? When
practical activity has been manifested, the
teachings of God have borne fruit.
The great and fundamental teachings of
are the Oneness of God and
Unity of Mankind. This is the bond of union
among Bahais all over the World. They
become united among themselves, then unite
others. It is impossible to unite unless united.
Christ said, "Ye are the salt of the earth; if
the salt has lost its savour, wherewith shall
it be salted?" This proves there were dis-
sensions and lack of unity among His fol-
lowers. Hence His admonition to unity of
action.
Now must we likewise bind ourselves to-
gether in the utmost unity, be kind and loving
to each other, sacrificing all our possessions,
our even our lives for each
other. Then will it be proved that we have
acted according to the Teachings of God 
that we have been real believers in the One-
ness of God and Unity of Mankind.
TALK BY ABDUL-BAHA AT 309 W. 78TH STREET,
NEW YORK CITY, JUNE 8, I912.
Notes by John G. Grundy.
HE Body-Politic today is greatly in need
of a physician. It is similar to a human
body afflicted with nervous ailments. A
doctor diagnoses the case and then prescribes
treatment. He does not prescribe however
until he has made the diagn_osis. The disease
which afflicts the Body-Politic is lack of lovc
and absence of altruism. In the hearts of men
THE WEST
no real love is found, and the condition is
such that unless their susceptibilities are quick-
ened by some power so that unity, love and
accord may develop within them, there can
be no healing, no agreement among mankind.
Love and Unity are the needs of the Body-
Politic today. Without these there can be
no progress or prosperity attained. There-
fore the friends of God must adhere to the
Power which will create this love and unity
in the hearts of the sons of men. Science
cannot cure the illness of the Body-Politic.
Science cannot create amity and fellowship in
human hearts. Neither can patriotism or
racial prejudice effect a remedy. It must be
accomplished solely through the Divine Boun-
ties and Spiritual Bestowals which have de-
scended from God in this Day for that pur-
pose. This is an exigency of the times, and
the Divine remedy has been provided. For
the spiritual teachings of the Religion of God
can alone create this love, unity and accord in
human hearts.
Therefore hold to these heavenly agencies
which God has provided, so that through
the Love of God, this soul bond may be estab-
lished, this heart attachment realized, and
the light of the Reality of Unity be reflected
from you throughout the universe. If we do
not hold fast to these Divine agencies and
means, no result will be possible. Let us
pray to God that He will exhilarate our spirits
so we may behold the descent of His Boun-
ties,--illumine our eyes to witness His great
our ears to enjoy the celes-
tial melodies of the Heavenly Word. This
is our greatest hope. This is our ultimate
purpose.
ii.
TALK GIVEN BY ABDUL-BAHA AT 780 WEST
END NEW YORK CITY (OPEN 
MITTEE MEETING), JUNE 11, 1912.
Notes by Howard MacNutt.
HIS is in reality a goodly meeting. My
hope is that the meeting in New York
shall become what it should be, for a
Bahai Assembly must be as a meeting of the
Supreme Concourse. When you assemble to-
gether you must acquire the Lights of the Su-
preme Kingdom. Let your hearts be as mir-
rors reflecting the radiance of the_Sun of
Reality. Every bosom of the bosoms must be a
telegraphic station; one terminus of the wire
in the bosom of each soul and the other in the
Supreme Concourse, so that inspiration may
descend from the Kingdom of ABHA and

