24 STAR OF
Sheep, cows and horses graze together in
concord and agreement but ferocious animals
are never seen associating in love and fellow-
ship. Each lives solitary and alone or with a
single mate. Wheii they see each other they
manifest the utmost ferocity. Dogs pounce
upon dogs; wolves, tigers, lions rage, snarl
and "go for each other." Their ferocity is
instinctive. There is a creative reason for it.
Birds of prey, like eagles and hawks, live
solitary and build their nests apart, but doves
fly in flocks and nest in the same branches.
VV hen an eagle meets another eagle there is a
furious battle. The meeting of two doves
is a peace meeting. Therefore it is evident
that these blessed characteristics, as well as
the reverse, are found among the creatures of
a lower kingdom.
The great mass of humanity does not exer-
cise real love and fellowship. The elect of
humanity are those who live together in love
and unity. They are preferable before God
because the Divine attributes are already ma11i-
fest in them. The Supreme Love and Unity
is witnessed in the Divine Manifestations.
Among them unity is indissoluble, changeless,
eternal and everlasting. Each one is expres-
sive and representative of all. If we deny
one of the Manifestations of God, we deny
all. To inflict persecution upon one is to
persecute all. In all degrees of existence each
one praises and sanctifies the others. Each of
them holds to the solidarity of mankind and
promotes the unity of human hearts. Next
to the Divine Manifestations come the be-
lievers whose characteristics are agreement,
fellowship and love. The Bahai friends in
Persia attained such fellowship and love that
it really became a hindrance in the conduct
of material affairs. Each one, into whatever
house of the friends he went, considered him-
self the owner of the house, so to speak.
There was no duality, but complete mutuality
of interests and love. The visiting friend
would have no hesitation in opening the pro-
vision box and taking out enough food for
his needs. They wore each others clothes as
their own when necessary. If in need of a
hat or cloak they would take and use it.
The owner of the clothing would be thank-
ful and grateful that the garment had gone.
When he returned home, he would perhaps
he told: "So and so was here and took away
your coat." He would reply, "Praise be to
God! I am so grateful to him. Praise be to
God! I am so thankful I have been given this
opportunity of showing my love for him."

THE WEST
To such an extreme degree this love and
fellowship expressed itself that 
commanded no one should take possession of
another's belongings unless presented with
them. The intention is to show to What an
extent unity and love prevailed among the
Bahai friends in the East.
I hope that this same degree and intensity
of love may become manifest and apparent
here; that the Spirit of God shall so pene-
trate your hearts that each one of the be-
loved of God shall be considered as all; that
each one may become a cause of unity and
center of accord; and all mankind be bound
together in real fellowship and love.
ADDRESS or ABDUL--BAI-IA AT PROTESTANT EPIS-
COPAL CHURCH or TI-IE ASCENSION, FIFTH
AVE. AND IOTH Sr., NEW YORK CITY, SUN-
DAY, JUNE 2, 1912, 8 P. 1vr., REV. DR. PERCY
STICKNEY GRANT, RECTOR.
INTRODUCTION BY DR. GRANT.
HE spirit of the we have just sung
is the spirit of this meeting:
Hasten the time appointed,
By prophets long foretold,
When all shall dwell together,
One Shepherd and one Fold.
Let all that now unites us
More sweet and lasting prove,
A closer hond of union,
In a blest land of love.
Let war be learned no longer,
Let strife and tumult cease,
All earth, His blessed kingdom,
The Lord and Prince of Peace.
Abdul-Baha is doing what we all pray to
have done, simplifying the intellectual side
of religion, intensifying the spiritual side of
religion and getting to work in the practical
cause of bringing men together by showing
them directly the loveliness of personal effort.
I suppose nobody is satisfied with all that
background of superstition, tradition, mystery
and confusion of thought which in many re-
ligions is regarded as the necessary begin-
ning of belief. I suppose that all who have
any sincerity and depth of thought about re-
ligion are anxious for the day of its simpli-
fication. The whole purpose of religion is
to make of each one of us the strongest per-
sonality possible;-to make us progressive fac-
tors in the community.
Abdul-Baha comes embodying these great

