WISDOM-TALKS OF 13
said: "No, I consider you quite distinct, I call
you a man and the donkey only an animal. I
know that you are intelligent, whereas the
donkey is not. I know that you are Well
versed in philosophy and I know that the
donkey is entirely deprived of it, hence I shall
not accept this statement of yours." (Abdul-
Baha laughed heartily.) Let us consider and
take, for example, this lady who is writ-
ing in this little book, assuming it is a very
trifling matter; but intellect declares that this
thing which is being written has a writer.
As this Writing of itself is not Written, and the
letters do not come together without a com-
poser, it is evident there must be a writer.
Consider this endless universe--is it possi-
ble that this has no creator, or that the
creator of this great world should be a minus
Intelligence? Is it possible for us to hold
the -idea that the Creator has no compre-
hension of what is manifested in crea-
tion? Man, who is the creature, has voli-
tion, has certain virtues. Is it possible that
the Creator is deprived of these? Is that pos-
sible? The child cannot accept that. It is a
perfectly evident fact that man did not create
himself because man cannot do so. How can
he of his own weakness create such a mighty
being? Hence the Creator who has created him
must be more perfect. If He who has created
man be simply on the same level with
man, then man should be able to create, but
we know very well that We cannot create even
our own likeness, therefore our Creator must
have the superlative degree far greater than
ours. In all points He must have that superla-
tive degree. We are weak, He is mighty, because,
were He not mighty, He could not have cre-
ated us. We are ignorant, He is wise. Were
He not wise, He could not have created us.
We are poor, He is rich. Were He not rich,
He could not have created this being. Among
the proofs advanced in favor of Divinity are
these, that things are often known by their
opposites. Were it not for darkness, light
could not be sensed. Were it not for death,
life could not be known. Were it not for
ignorance, knowledge would not be a reality.
Both are necessary in order that both may
have realities. Night there must be, and day
there must be, in order that bothmay be dis-
tinguished. Night. in itself is an indication of
the day which follows, and the day itself in-
dicates the night which must follow. Were it
not for the night there could not be the day.
Were it not for death there could be no life.
Things are known by their opposites. Our
weakness is an indication that there is might;
our ignorance is an evidence of knowledge;
our need is an indication of supply and wealth.
Were it not for wealth there would not be this
need; were it not for ignorance there could
not be knowledge; were it not for wealth
there would be no poverty. In other words,
demand and supply is the law, and no doubt
those virtues have a center, and that center is
God, wherefrom all these bounties emanate.
I-IE PLAZA, CHICAGO, FRIDAY Monnmo, 
3, 1912.*
WAS in the Orient and from the Orient to
I this part of the world is a long distance.
To travel it is not easy. It was especially
difficult for me on account of my infirmities
of body, increased by the forty years in prison.
My physical powers are weak; it is the will
power that moves me. Realize from this how
great has been my exertion and purpose in
accomplishing this journey through the Will of
God, and may it be the cause of great illumi-
nation in the Occident.
In this Western world, with its stimulating
climate, its capacities for knowledge, its lofty
ideals, the message of peace should be easily
spread. The people are not so influenced by
imitations, and through their comprehension of
realities and unrealities they should attain and
realize. They should become leaders in the
search for the oneness of humankind. What
is higher than this responsibility? In the King-
dom of God no service is greater, and in the
estimation of the prophets, including Jesus
Christ, no deed so estimable.
Yet even now warfare prevails. Envy and
rancor arise between nations, but because I
find the American nation so capable of achieve-
ment, and the American government the fair-
est of Western governments, its systems su-
perior to others, my wish and hope is that the
banner of peace may be raised first on this con-
tinent, that the standard of the Most Great
Peace may here be unfurled. May the nation
of America and its government unite in their
efforts, in order that this light may dawn from
this point and spread to all regions, for this
is one of the greatest bestowals of God. In
order that America may avail herself of this
opportunity, I request that you strive and sup-
plicate with heart and soul, devoting all your
energies to this end, that the banner of In-
*Translated by Dr. Arneen U. Fareed and taken
stenographically by Mrs. Marzieh Moss.

