10 STAR OF
The absence of tears from the many wee
souls, who are not given to complacently ac-
cepting strange faces, singularly illustrates the
infinite sincerity of the very young, who re-
spond to the same quality that is ever present
in matured spiritual character. One noticed,
too, the thoughtful gaze of the women as they
watched the distinguished visitor in white
turban and brown burnous, moving in their
midst. It is often too true that the very poor
are keenly suspicious of foreigners, especially
if their mission is a religious one, but Abdul-
Baha brings into every environment a pro-
found truth and sympathy that seems to crush
the barriers, raised by isolated imaginations.
The expression of tolerant, grateful, under-
THE WEST
standing was in the very faces of these people.
No one could have desired a more cordial
co-operation than was tendered to the Master
by the assembled members of Cedar Club. A
vote of thanks, followed by a volume of
accordant cheers, marked the departure of
Abdul-Baha.
As We drove away he said, am truly
happy when among the gatherings of the poor.
It brings full joy to my heart. I come in eon-
tact with those in high stations of life, and
those rich in possessions, but my joy
is in being with those who are in material
poverty, for their sufferings draw them nearer
to God in spiritual gain."
 -
TALKS BY ABDUL-BAHA AT DUBLIN, NEW HAMPSHIRE
[Continued from page seven]
Their thoughts are free and not fettered by the
yoke of governmental tyranny. They should
investigate the Reality and not be occupied
with ancestral forms and imitations. Consider
what Christ accomplished. He caused souls
to attain a station where with complete willing-
ness and joy they laid down their lives. What
a power! Thousands of human souls in the
utmost joy because of their spiritual suscepti-
bilities, were so attracted to God that they
were dispossessed of volition, deprived of will
in His path. If they had been told simply
that sacrifice in the path of God was good
and praiseworthy, this would never have hap-
pened. They would not have acted. Christ
attracted them, wrested the reins of control
from them, and they went forth in ecstaey
to sacrifice themselves.
Kurrata l'Ayn was a Persian woman without
fame and importance; unknown, like all other
Persian women. When she saw His Holiness
she changed completely, visibly,
and looked within another world. The reins
of volition were taken out of her hands by
heavenly attraction. She was so overcome that
physical susceptibilities ceased. Her husband,
her sons, and her family arose in the greatest
hostility against She became so
attracted to the Divine Threshold that she for-
sook everything and went forth to the plain
of Baclasht, no fear in her heart, dauntless,
intrepid, openly proclaiming the Message of
Light which had come to her. The Persian
government stood against her. They made
every effort to quiet her, imprisoned her in the
governor's house, but she continued to speak.
Then she was taken and killed. To her very
last breath she spoke with fervid eloquence
and so became famous for her complete at-
traction in the path of God. If she had not
seen no such effect would have
been produced. She had read and heard the
teachings of Scriptures all her life, but the
action and enkindlement were missing. All
Women in Persia are enveloped in veils in
public. So completely covered are they that
even the hand is not visible. This rigid veiling
is unspeakable. Kurrata l'Ayn tore off her
veils and went forth fearlessly. She was like
a lioness. Her action caused a great turmoil
throughout the land of Persia. So excessive
and compulsory is the requirement for veiling
in the East that the people in the West have
no idea of the excitement and indignation
produced by the appearance of an unveiled
woman. Kurrata l'Ayn lost all thought of her-
self and was unconscious of fear in her at-
traction to God.
Question: "Do the Bahai women go with-
out veils in the East?"
Answer: It is not possible for them to do
so universally yet, but the conditions are not
nearly so restrictive as they were. The Bahai
men and women meet together. This is the
beginning of woman's emancipation from the
thraldom of centuries. Kurrata l'Ayn was
really the liberator of all Persian women.
 
OUR PERSIAN SECTION contains: 1. Talk by and Spiritual Life." 2. Abdul-Baha's
Message to all Bahais throughout the world, published in "The Christian Commonwealth." 3. The Cause of God
in America. 4. Abdul-Baha introduces Mirza Wargha to the New York friends. 5. Letter from London. 6. STAR
OF THE desires news from Persia. 7. Cablegram from Abdul-Baha at Paris. 8. Tablet to one of. the maid-
servants in America. 9. Announcement of "The Brilliant Proof."

