8 STAR OF THE WEST
In this last triune* Manifestation is fulfilled
every promise of the Infinite to man up to the
date of the thousand year millennium, as
termed in the Christian Bible. Beyond that
period we know nothing, as far as man's ad-
The Forerunner, THE BAB, The Door;
(2) The Manifestation, The Glory of Cod;
(3) The Centre of the Covenant, ABDUL-BAHA, The Ser-
vant ofBa/Ia'.
vent on the earth is concerned. When we
shall need further light to carry on the work
of God's Kingdom here He will reveal His
Spir-it through the flesh, as He has continued
to do all down the ages.
God Is Spirit, an Essence, unknowable,
hence the creation of man through Whom He
may make known the knowledge of His Word.
LETTER FROM MONTREAL:
DEAR Famnns IN EL--BAI--IA1--AS the great
work of preparation for the coming of Abdul-
Baha is going forward everywhere, it may be
of interest to know of the progress in Mon-
treal and of the widespread change which is
taking place in Canada. This change has cov-
ered a period of several years, in which old,
dead systems are giving way to new social
and political groups; old, forms
are dissolving in the radiance o-f the broad,
generous ideas of the new age, and personal
power and authority are giving place to prin-
ciples of justice and truth, to a higher con-
ception of human brotherhood.
The little group of followers of 
LLAH in Montreal has Witnessed many stirring
changes in this city and their scope of influ-
ence has been extended by the affiliation of
some of its members with other groups of
active workers and thinkers. Early in Janu-
ary we received a visit from Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab who announced the co-ming of Abdul-
Baha to America and spoke of his visit to
England and France. Among those who heard
this address was the leader of the Socialist
party of Montreal and other Socialists, the
editor of the leading newspaper of Canada
and several people connected with public work.
Later this paper published a very good article
on the Bahai Messa.ge and the coming visit of
Abdul-Baha. A few weeks later another talk
given by a Montreal Bahai, on the significance
of Abdul-Baha's visit to- the occident, which
was shortly followed by an address by Mr.
Honore Iaxon, of Chicago, who presented the
Bahai Message from the standpoint of the
working class movement. Mr. Jaxon had just
returned from England where he had been
doing a work of seed-sowing and preparation
among the organized lab-or people and social-
ists, and in his very broad and comprehensive
talk in Montreal he showed the vital connec-
tion between these world-wide movements and
the Teachings of Mr. _Taxon
spoke to several bodies and societies in Mon-
treal, Ottawa, Toronto and Quebec in such a
spirit as to arouse interest and establish ties
of good--will and fellowship, which will no
doubt be the means of opening wide many
doors for the reception of Abdul-Baha and
the all-embracing Truth.
The friends in Montreal unite in sending
sincere love and greetings to their fellow Ba-
hais and to all those who are seeking the high-
est welfare of mankind and the enlightenment
of the world.
I am your servant in the cause of El-Baha,
MAY MAXWELL.
CONTENTS OF PERSIAN SECTION:
(I) Announcement of Abdul-Baha's depar-
ture for America; (2) a word of thanks from
the editors of the STAR or THE WEST to the
friends, as it enters upon its third year; (3)
co-py of Tablet for the STAR OF THE Wasr;
(4) announcement of the Second Annual Con-
ference of the Orient-Occident Unity to be
held in Washington, D. C., April 18th--2oth;
(5) announcement of the Fourth Animal Con-
vention of the Bahais in the interest of the
Mashrak-e1-Azkar, to be held in Chicago, April
27th-May 2d; (6) photograph of a group of
Chicago Bahais; (7) establishment of an Ori-
ental library in connection with the Orient-
Occident Unity; (8) activities during the past
year of the Persian--American Commercial
Company, and Tablet from Abdul-Baha in re-
gard to it; (9) Bahai in Sari
Mazanderan; (Io) editorial on 
(I1) Tablet from Abdul-Baha to Mrs. Louise
R. Waite, in regard to music; (I2) letters
from Eshkabad concerning the teachings of
the Bahai Revelation; (13) Abdul-Baha's
Tablet to Mr. Tudor-Pole concerning the ef-
fect of teaching the Truth; (I4) Tablet from
Abdul-Baha to the Orient-Occident Unity.

