10 STAR OF
become as nothing. Thou shouldst gather all
the learned men, and then summon Me. There
I shall be present. I will then advance proofs
and evidences as to My validity. I will inani-
fest My proof and anything that you may ask.
I am ready. But if no attention is paid to
this Book, thou, like unto the kings who be-
came non-existent, shall likewise become non-
existent." The Shah did not answer this
epistle of the Blessed Perfection. Then God
destroyed the foundations of his sovereignty.
Among those to whom He wrote was the
Sultan of Turkey. In it He arraigned him.
saying: "Verily, thou didst incarcerate and
make Me a prisoner. Dost thou imagine that
imprisonment is a loss to Me,--that imprison-
ment is a humiliation for Me? This imprison-
ment is a glory for Me because it is in the
pathway of God. I have not committed a
crime. It is for the sake of God that I have
received this ordeal. Therefore I am very
happy. I am exceedingly joyous. But thou
must wait;--God will send thee' a punish-
ment;--thou shalt receive retribution. Ere
long thou shalt observe how ordeals shall
descend upon thee like rain and thou. shalt
become non-existent." Andeven so it was.
Likewise He sent messages to the other
kings and crowned heads of the earth, sum-
moning all of them to love, equity, interna-
tional peace and the oneness of mankind in
order that all mankind might become unified
and agreed; that strife, warfare and sedition
should pass away; that bitterness and enmity
might cease, and all become united and agreed
and arise to serve the One God.
Now I have spoken. If you have anything
to say, letit be heard. You have listened most
attentively. [After a pause, Abdul Baha
continued]: I will add a little more. In
kings arose against 
Shah of Persia and the Sultan of Tur-
key. They imprisoned His Holiness in the
fortress of Akka in order to extinguish His
Light and exterminate His Cause. But
while in prison wrote severe let-
ters of arraignment to them. He declared
that imprisonment was no obstacle to Him.
He said: "This imprisonment will prove to
be the means of the' promotion of My Cause
This imprisonment shall be the incentive for
the spreading of My Teachings. No harm
shall come to Me because I have sacrificed M=v
life, I have sacrificed My blood, I have sacri-
ficed My possessions have sacrificed a-ll
and for Me this imprisonment is no loss."
And just as He declared, so it came to pass.
THE WEST
In prison He hoisted His banner, and His
Cause was spread throughout the world. It
has reached America. Now in all parts of the
world the Cause of is spread
broadcast. You go to Asia and wherever you
travel you will find Bahais. You go to Africa,
Europe, there you will find the Cause of
In America it is just beginning
to grow and spread.
These two kings could not do anything to
withstand but God, through
Him, was capable of destroying botl1 sover-
eigns. I, too, was in prison. God removed
the chains from my neck. and placed them
around the neck of Abdul Hamid. It wasdone
suddenly,--not a long time,--in a moment as it
Were. The same hour that the Young Turks
declared liberty, the Committee of Union and
Progress set me free. They lifted the chains
from my neck and threw them around the
neck of Abdul I-Iamid. That which he did to
me was inflicted upon him. Now the position
is precisely reversed. His days are spent in
prison just as I passed the days in prison at
Akka,--with this difference,--that I was happy
in imprisonment. I was in the utmost elation,
because I was not a criminal. They had im-
prisoned me in the Path of God. Every time
I thought of I was a prisoner in
the Pathway of God,--the utmost elation over-
came me. Abdul Hamid is now suffering
punishment for his deeds. Because of the
sins he committed, he is now in prison. This
is retribution for his acts. Every hour he is
mortified anew and his ignominy revived. He
is in the utmost sorrow and disappointment,
while I am in the utmost happiness. I was
happy be to God was a pris-
oner i11 the Pathway of God; that my life
was not wasted; that it was spent in the
Divine Pathway. Nobody who saw me imag-
ined that I was in prison. They saw me in
the utmost joy, the utmost thankfulness and
health,--paying no attention at all to the
prison.
TALK GIVEN BY AT 309 W. 78TH
S12, NEW YORK CITY, SATURDAY, JULY 6,

AN in the world of existence has
traversed certain degrees until he has
arrived at the world of manhood. In
every degree he has attained the capacity for
advancement to the next degree. While in the
*Translated by D1-. Ameen U. Fareed and taken
stenographically by Miss Emma C. Melick.

