6 STAR OF THE WEST
WI-IY A NEW 
BY ELLEN v. BEECHER.
HE followers of especially
in America, are constantly confronted
with the vital question: Is not Christian-
ity complete in itself? And this query is quite
worthy of consideration by all inquiring minds
in the religious world. It is conceded by those
who are alert to Truth, and interested in his-
tory; as well as the events of this present age,
that through the influence of Christianity a
large part of mankind has become more or less
civilized, refined and educated; while its teach.-
ers and missionaries are still putting forth
mighty efforts to spread its teaching far and
Wide.
Why then do we need another Revelation
from God at this time?
Is Christianity complete in itself? The word
Christianity covers much that Jesus the Christ
would not recognize nor endorse. Under its
head are man--1nade creeds upon creeds, with
dogmas many, and philosophies untold. Very
much is and has ever been taught about Christ,
and what He intended to give humanity by
His life, teaching and death, but His deep,
vital, and far reaching work has not yet been
fully grasped by the so-called Christian w'0r1d,
so that in a measure His ministry has been a
seeming failure after these two thousand years,
as far as the salvation or unity of mankind is
concerned.
It was believed by Christ's followers that
He was a perfected Being, inspired by God
himself as a world Saviour, and He cer-
tainly was all of this. In and of Himself, and
His message, was all that man required to
enable him to unfold to his highest possibili-
ties as man "in the Image of God" for all
Eternity. But the failure has come about on
man's part, for he has not grasped the inner
or spiritual meaning of the Word, which was
from the beginning, and which "Was God."_ It
has rather been Jesus the divine man which
has been worshiped more than the Word.
From all time Infinite Mind has revealed
Himself as the Living Word in the flesh, but
it has been unheard or overlooked by the
masses. The Word is One, and so simple that
Wayfaring man though a fool need not err
therein." It is by the Word that man is re-
generated, made whole wherever and when-
ever it is perceived by his So-ul. And when
he has been "born again" in reality, he comes
into at--one-ment with the One Living God.
Then this world becomes to him a veritable
rose garden as it were, and mankind one great
soul in many bodies.
This has been the plan of the Almighty for
man from all Eternity. Should we then ques-
tion His Love and Mercy in sending revelation
upon revelation to this earth? Has not His
far reaching seen the utter failure o-n man's
part to understand and appreciate the Christ
teaching as It has appeared in the flesh again
and again? and could He fail in making every
effort to fulfill His promises in man? Conse-
quently the same Ho-ly Spirit has again re-
vealed the Truth which must resuscitate, and
enkindle anew the fire of His Love in hearts.
Why should the so-called Christian world
question the action of the Sp-irit, while
branches of its own organization have been
proclaiming for two thousand years that this
same C-hrist would come again to prepare the
world for the reign of Peace promised in the
Garden of Eden?
Had the Christian religion brought about
the fulfillment of these prop-hecies before the
coming of What means this
mighty tide working t0W&rds universal Peace
and arbitration, o-f the world wide conferences
and congresses to discuss the possibilities of
disarmament? What has inspired the Presi-
dent of the United States to invite other great
nations to unite in one common brotherhood,
who shall have one purpose, that is to wipe
out in due time all causes for war?
To those who have eyes to see or ears to
hear the meanings of this movement are most
clear and sure, for such souls have heard the
voice of I-I-im who has spoken all down the
ages, and speaks today by His Word in BAHA-
What is the difference you ask be-
tween the teachings of Christ Jesus and
that such a change should come
as is proclaimed by the followers of the later
Prophet? All of the fundamental points set
forth by the first of these great Manifesta-
tions is again presented by the latter. The dif-
ference is not in the teaching, but in man's
conception of the Word whenever it may be
proclaimed.
is the fulfillment of the Word

