STAR OF THE WEST 5
studio, conveniently located down town, and
many were the joyful meetings there during
the first days.
Sunday morning, April 28th, a large public
meeting was held in Corinthian Hall, on the
17th floor of the Maso-nic Temple. The hall
was filled to overflowing. Mr. Albert H. Hall
was the presiding officer, and on either side
were Mrs. Finch of Seattle, VVash., and Mr.
Gregory of Washington, D. C., completing a
triumvirate whose spirituality was as eloquent
in silence as in speech.
After a few moments' silence, musical num-
bers were contributed by a large and efficient
chorus, under the direction of Mr. Albert R.
Windust, with Mrs. Holmes at the organ and
Miss Iames at the piano, assisted by a vio-
linist, harpist and cornetist.
The Chairman read an address delivered by
Abdul-Baha in Europe. This impressive con-
tribution was followed by a song by the chorus.
Mrs. Hannen read an address of Abdul-
Baha in Washington, giving some of the prin-
ciples of the Bahai teachings. Short addresses
(Continued on page thirty--two)

DEDICATION OF THE MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR SITE.
BY I. 
ITTINGLY on May 1st, a day dedicated
the world over to the spirit of interna-
tional brotherhood, the friends from near
and far gathered on the Mashrak-el-Azkar
grounds in Wilinette to await the visitation by
Abdul-Balia. A committee on program had
held various sessions in hope of serving by
making suggestion of particular things that
might be done; but in the event itself it was
joyfully realized by the committee, with strong
confirmation oi the greatness of this cause,
that Abdul-Baha needed no guidance other
than that of the Holy Spirit. A Marquee tent,
capable of holding about 500 persons, had been
erected on the plateau which occupies the
southeastern portion of the grounds; and a
special entry way for Abdul-Baha's carriage

,k ma.
had been prepared about the middle of the
eastern side of the tract. Abdul-Baha made
his entrance, however, from the northern side
and the majesty and simplicity of his mien as
he briskly advanced on foot toward the 
a far spread line of the friends forming an
escort just behind him--constituted a scene
which will be remembered by those who Wit-
nessed it as one of the most impressive ex-
periences of their lives. The very atmosphere
seemed to thrill with the significance of this
entry by the Servant of Baha upon the first
American "Dawning--Place of the Mentionings
oi the Most High."
Inside the tent seats for about 300 had been
arranged in three concentric circles, with a
broad open space in the center across which

 1"
Breaking the ground--each race and nation in turn taking hold of axe and shovel.

