20 OF ABDUL-BAHA
and warfare may remain, no bloodshed and
battles may remain, so that fanaticism and re-
ligious bias may not remain; all humanity may
see the bond of brotherhood, the souls may
consort with each other in perfect amity, the
nations of the world may at last hoist the ban-
ner of truth, the religions of the World may
be ushered into the same oneness, for the foun-
dations of the divine religions are one Reality.
Reality does not accept multiplicity; it is not
divisible. All the Holy Manifestations of God
have proclaimed and promulgated the same
Reality; they have summoned people to the
realm of Reality, and Reality is one. But imi-
tations, like unto the clouds or mists, have be-
fogged the Sun of Reality. We must forsake
these imitations. in order that these mists and
these clouds may be dispelled and may free the
Sun of Reality. Thus may the sun shine most
gloriously, then all the inhabitants of the world
will be united, all the religions will become
one, all the denominations will become united,
all races will become unified, all nativities will
become one fatherland, and all the degrees of
humanity will be ushered beneath the same
tabernacle and the same banner. That these
cries and battles cease, amity and accord
take place, warfare pass away, peace and
composure become realities; all humanity em-
brace one another, and in the utmost love,
accord, composure and comfort, adore one
Creator, one God. That the material civiliza-
tion shall advance, and the heavenly civiliza-
tion be founded.
Until the heavenly civilization be founded no
result will be forthcoming from the material
civilization, even as you observe. See what cat-
astrophes take place! Consider the Wars which
disturb the world, consider the expressions of
enmity and hatred! The presence of these
wars indicate the fact that the heavenly civili-
zation has not yet been established. If this
heavenly civilization be promulgated all this
dust will be dispelled, all these clouds will pass
away, and the Sun of Reality, with greatest
effulgence, with glory, will shine upon man-
kind.
Prayer.
God! Thou who givest! This congre-
gation is turning to Thee, casting their glances
at Thy Kingdom and favor, longing to see the
lights of Thy Face. God! bless this nation.
Confirm this government. Give this people
glory, and confer upon them the Life Eternal.
God! illumine the faces, render radiant the
hearts, exhilarate the breasts, crown the heads
with the diadem of Thy Providence, cause
them to soar in Thy atmosphere, so that they
may reach the highest point of Thy glory. Aid
them in order that this world may ever find
the light and effulgence of Thy_ presence. 
Godl shelter this congregation, and admonish
this nation. Render them progressive in all
degrees. May they become leading in the
world of humanity, may they be examples of
humankind, may they be manifestations of Thy
grace, may they be the inspiration of Thy
Word. Thou art the Powerful, Thou art the
Mighty, Thou art the Giver and Thou art the
Ever--Omniscient 
LINCOLN CENTER--ALL Soors 
caco, SUNDAY NIGHT, MAY 5, 
HE divine religions were founded for no
I other purpose than the unification of hu-
manity and the pacification of mankind.
Any movement which brings about peace for
human society is truly a divine movement; any
reform which brings people, gathers them to-
gether beneath the same tabernacle surely is
animated by peaceful motives. At all times
and in all ages religion has been a factor in
cementing the hearts of men together and in
uniting various and divergent creeds, and
surely it is the peace element therein which
unites and which makes peace, for warfare
has ever been the cause of separating men, the
cause of disunion and discord amongst men.
Consider how His Holiness Jesus Christ
united the divergent peoples and differing
sects and denominations of the early days,
hence -it becomes evident that the funda-
mentals of religion are intended to unite and
bind together. Their aim is the universal peace,
everlasting peace. Even go prior 'to the time
of His Holiness Jesus Christ and you will
find that the prophetic word then and there
was also conducive to unification of various
types and opposing elements of human society,
and the first and primary teachers who suc-
ceeded Jesus Christ have aimed at the unity
of mankind. His Holiness in
Persia, was enabled to unite peoples of vari-
ous thoughts and various creeds and differing
denominations. In far-off Persia there were
Christians, Mohammedans, Jews, even Zoroas-
trians, and their various denominations to-
gether with racial distinctions, such as the
Semitic, the Arabic, the Persian, the Turk, and
so on; through the power of religion He was

*Transla_ted by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed and taken
ntenographlcally by Mrs. Marzieh Moss.

