20 STAR OF
commended. Luscious fruit, no matter where
it may be found, or upon what tree, must be
accepted. The word of Truth, no matter which
tongue utters it, must be sanctioned. Absolute
verities, no matter in what book they be re-
corded, must be acquired. If you harbor prej-
udice, that prejudice will be the cause of
deprivation, the cause of ignorance, the cause
of not knowing. The strife which exists among
religious systems, the strife which exists
among nations, the strife which exists among
nativities, the warfare separating nations and
countries arises from nothing else but mis-
understanding. If religions investigate the
reality of Religion, that is, find out what are
the principles which underlie the foundations
of religions, they will surely agree, for by in-
vestigating the Reality they will find that
Reality is one and not multiple. Most surely
by this means they will unite and become
agreed. Then they will ascertain the truth
that the purpose of Religion is the acquisition
of praiseworthy virtues, improvement in mo-
rality, the spirituality of mankind, the life real,
the lordly bestowals. All the prophets have
been the promoters of these principles; none
of them have been the promoters of corruption;
none have been the promoters of vice. They
have summoned all people to all good. They
have united people by the Love of God. They
have invited all people to the Religions of the
world of humanity. They have invited all
people to unity and amity. For example, we
mention Abraham and Moses. We do not
mean by this mention the limitation implied in
the mere names. By mentioning them we
mean at once that we intend the virtues which
these names embody. When we say "Abra-
ham" we mean thereby a Manifestation of the
Divine Guidance, 'the center of the virtues of
humanity, the source of the bestowal to man-
kind, a dawning point for divine inspiration
and perfections; these perfections and virtues
are meant. They are not limited to any
boundaries. When we see these virtues, these
qualities and attributes in any personality,
therein we see the same Reality, and there we
shall bow because we have seen the Abrahamic
virtues. In Moses we bow thereto and adore
him. But there were souls who were the lovers
of the name Abraham, who loved the lantern
and not the light, who when they saw this
light transferred to another lantern, and be-
cause they were attached to the former lantern
and not to the illumination, did not recognize
its later appearance. For example, those who
were attached or held tenaciously to the name
THE WEST
Abraham and adored Abraham-when the
Abrahamic virtues became apparent in the
Mosaic center--were deprived. The Jews
were believers in His Holiness Moses, expect-
ing the appearance of the Messiah. Those vir-
tues of His Holiness Moses, those perfections
of His Holiness Moses became apparent in
His Holiness Iesus Christ most effulgently, but
the Jews were holding to the name Moses, and
not adoring and gazing at the virtues which
were manifest in Moses. Had they been ador-
ing those virtues in Moses, seeking the perfec-
tions of Moses, when they saw the same mani-
festations of perfections and virtues in His
Holiness Jesus, they would most assuredly
have been believers in Him. Now when we
are lovers of the light, we adore the light in
whatsoever incandescent lamp it may be-
come manifest, but if we are lovers of the
lamp itself, and the light is transferred to an-
other lamp, we will not accept it nor sanction
it because then we are not lovers of the light,
but lovers of the lamp. Therefore we must
follow and adore the virtues which have be-
come manifest in the Manifestations of God.
Those virtues which became manifest in His
Holiness Abraham, those virtues which be-
came manifest in His Holiness Moses, those
perfections and graces which became mani-
fest in all the prophets, those must we adore,
but we must not adore the lamp. We must
adore the Sun, no matter from what dawning
point it may appear, be it an Abrahamic orien-
tation, be it Mosaic, be it any standpoint of
orientation whatsoever, We are lovers of the
Sun and not lovers of orientation. We are
lovers of the Light and not lovers of candles.
We are seekers for water from whatsoever
rock it may gush forth. We are in need of fruit
in whatsoever orchard it may be ripened. We
are seekers for rain, no matter which cloud
pours it down. We must not be fettered. If
we forego these fetters, we shall all be agreed,
for we are all seekers of Reality. Now a cer-
tain kind of counterfeit or imitation has crept
in, and the foundations of the divine religions
have been lost sight of. The differing of these
imitations has caused strife and enmity and
produced war and bloodshed. And now this
glorious, brilliant century has come and the
Divine Bounty is in the utmost radiation. The
Sun of Reality is shining, giving forth its
greatest heat. This is verily the century when
these imitations must be forsaken; in which
these superstitions must pass away and God
alone must be adored. We must look at the
Reality of the Prophet; we must look at the

