12 STAR OF
fields are white unto the harvest, but His
laborers are few, very few!
people! Did you know the value of these
days in which we are living, you would give
up the treasures of the earth--yea, even life
rtself--to fulfill but one of His Command-
ments!
From all of His matchless Addresses, mer-
ciful Tablets, Messages and tender words,
you hear but the one prayer, the one plead-
ing, that you shall be united together in soul
and spirit and be loving and kind to each
other.
>r 
friends of Jesus Christ! know that the
promises of nineteen hundred years ago are
today fulfilled, and that the Son of Man is
here in "the Kingdom of His Father," hold-
ing out His loving arms toward the North,
South, East and West, while His Voice is
calling, ever calling:
people! The Doors of the Kingdom
are opened; the Sun of Truth is shining upon
the world,' the Fountains of Life are flow-
ing; the Daysprings of Mercy have appeared;
the Greatest and Most Glorious Light is now
manifest to illuminate the hearts of men.
Wake up and hear the Voice of GOD calling
from all parts of the Supreme 
unto Me, ye children of men; come unto
Me, ye who are thirsty, and drink from
this sweet Water which is descending in tor-
rents upon all parts of the globe.'
"Now is the time! Now is the Accepted
Time!
"Look ye at the time of the
THE WEST
people realized that the Holy Spirit of GOD
was speaking to them through His Divine
Mouth, they would not have waited three cen-
turies before accepting Him. And now is it
meet for you that you are sleeping upon the
beds of idleness and neglect, while THE FATHER
whose coming Christ foretold has come among
us, and opened the Greatest Door of Bounte-
ous Gifts and Divine Favors? Let us not be
like those in past centuries, who were deaf to
His Call, and blind to His Beauty; but let us
try and open our eyes, that we may see Him;
and open our ears that we may hear Him; and
cleanse our hearts that He may come and
abide in our temples. These days are the
days of Faith and Deeds--not the days of
words and lip service: Let us arise from the
sleep of negligence, and realize what a great
feast is prepared for us; first eating thereof
ourselves, then giving unto others who are
thirsting for the it/ater of Knowledge, and
hungering for the Bread of Life. These Great
Days are swiftly passing; and once gone they
can never be recalled. So while the Rays of
the Sun of Truth are still shining and the
'Center of the Covenant of is manifest,
let us go forth to work. 
"The Light of Knowledge hath appeared,
before which the darkness of every supersti-
tious fancy will be annihilated. The Hosts of
the Supreme Concourse are descending to as-
sist all those who rise up to serve their Lord,
to subdue and gain the victory over the city
of the hearts; to proclaim the Glad-Tidings
of the Coming of GOD and to unite the souls
of His creatures."
ii
IN PRAISE OF GREATEST 
Written by Mirza Abul azl, November Z4, and read in Washington, D.C.,November 26, I902. at the celebration
of the anniversary of the Feast of the Appointment of The Center of the Covenant.
In the Name of GOD, the Most Holy, the 
YE beloved of God and His friends!
0 Praise and glorification behoove the
Holy Court of the True One, the Ex-
alted, who has, in this great age and won-
derful cycle, primarily caused the Shining
Star of the Blessed Being of the First Point
(The Bab) to appear like unto the beaming
orb of the morn from the horizon of the
world; has rejoiced and revived the creatures
through the glad tidings of the advent of the
New Day, and the Manifestation of the Glori-
ous Lord. Praise be to God! Who subse-
quently caused the Sun of the Most Holy
Beauty of (Exalted is His Supreme
Name!) to dawn forth in the midst of the
heaven of power and grandeur. After the
disappearance of these two Lights a third
Splendor became manifest from the Sinai of
Epiphany, and the Orb of THE COVENANT
shone forth from the firmament of beatitude,
the apex of exaltation and glory, with the
most marvelous effulgence. Through these
three Shining Lights, the darkness of the
nations, superstitions, will be dispelled, the
dust of discord of the people will be sub-
sided by the showers of mercy descending

