22 STAR OF
united in fellowship and accord. All the
Prophets were sent on this mission, that fel-
lowship may be created among mankind; that
these separated sheep may again flock together.
For when the sheep separate and are in dis-
cord, they are exposed to danger, but when
they are in a flock and are under the protec-
tion of the real shepherd, they are protected
from all dangers. The wolf will have no
way there. The ferocious animals will not
attack, but if the sheep be separated, scattered,
then they are exposed to danger. Every fero-
cious animal can attack them.
And now the American nation, be it colored
or white, if they unite and be in accord, the
Lights of the Oneness of Humanity will shine.
Eternal glory and bliss will dawn. Divine
Spirituality will encompass. The Divine
Favors will descend. And under the leader-
ship or training of the Real Shepherd, who is
God, all these sheep will be preserved and
protected. And in the pasturage of happiness
will they graze and will attain to that which
is the goal of life. This is the benefit of
unity. This is the result of love. This is
the sign of the Most Great Peace. This is
the Star of the Oneness of Humanity. Con-
sider how blessed it is.
I pray for you and ask God's Confirmation
and aid in your behalf.
BY ABDUL--BAI-IA TO TI-IE TI-IEOSOPHICAL
SOCIETY, AT THE HOME or MR. AND MR5.
PARSONS, 10 :30 A. M., APRIL 25,1912?"
HE greatest human power in the realm of
existence is the spirit. The spirit is the
Divine Breath which resuscitates, ani-
mates objects. The spirit, however, is of dif-
ferent kinds. There is the vegetable animus or
spirit. That is the spirit augmentative to be
found in the plants, in the trees, and all the
properties of the vegetable kingdom whereby
things grow and develop. But this spirit is
unconscious of the higher kingdom, namely
the animal kingdom. Secondly there is the
animal spirit, and its distinctive virtue is
sensation, the five senses. It sees, hears, tastes,
smells and feels. But of the human kingdom
it is unaware. It is not in touch with the realm
of the intellect. It is not i11 touch nor is it
informed of the ideal powers of man. From
the visibilities it cannot draw conclusions of
the invisibilities. For example, the human
mind from the visible or known premises,
I
*Translated by Dr. Ameen U. Fareecl and taken
stenographically by ]ose|'l1 H. 1181111611.
THE WEST
draws conclusions of the invisible or unknown;
for instance, the remarkable episode of Colum-
bus, Who from the visible and known prem-
ises drew conclusions of the unknown, so to
speak, as America was an unknown 
continent. That the animal cannot do. In
other words, the animal cannot draw invisible
conclusions, or conclusions of the invisible,
from the visible premises. This is a distinctive
attribute of the human soul or spirit. The
animal spirit cannot discover the mysteries or
things. It is a captive of the sensibilities.
For example, it cannot grasp the fact that the
sun is stationary and that the earth revolves
around it. Likewise, the human spirit cannot
grasp the fact that there is a power super-
natural beyond the human nature. For it is
a captive of the tangible forces of life. It
cannot look beyond that boundary.
There is, however, another spirit which
may be named as the Divine Spirit. That
is the Spirit to which Jesus Christ refers,
that man must be born thereof, must be
baptized thereby. The other souls who -are
deprived of that Spirit are accounted as
dead, though they are possessed of the human
spirit, but His Holiness Jesus Christ has
pronounced them dead, for they have no
portion of the Divine Spirit. He says:
"Let the dead bury their dead." Then He
declares in another instance: "He who is born
of the Spirit is Spirit, he who is born of the
flesh is flesh." That is to say, these souls are
alive with the ordinary animus, but they are
deprived of this particular Spirit. They have
not taken a portion of the Divine Spirit. He
who is a partner in that Divine Spirit is
verily living! In short: This human spirit
from the Sun of Truth, from the Reality of
Divinity, has a spontaneous emanation and not
simply a revelation or a manifestation. It is
like the ray of the sun. From the sun it has
emanated. It does not mean that the sun has
become divisible--a part of the sun has come
out. This plant here has had a manifest ris-
ing, so to speak, an unfoldment from the seed.
The seed, you can see, has unfolded a mani-
festation, and the result is this plant. Every
leaf of this plant is a part of that Seed. But
the Reality of Divinity is indivisible, and each
individual of the human kind is not a part of
of it. Nay, rather, the realities of men are
emanations of that reality. Iust as the flame
or the heat and the light of the sun are the
effulgence of the sun. Therefore existence
has emanated from the Reality of Divinity

