STAR OF THE WEST 7
it is fitting that we make mention of his
goodness and greatness as we knew him.
He was a man of great ability and untiring
energy, great-hearted and generous, and many
is the man who owes his success to his as-
sistance and encouragement. As a Bahai he
was one of the very first followers of the
faith in America, and his efforts were always
for the uplifting of humanity through the
showing forth of the high standards of the
Bahai faith in his teaching and in his life.
In the early days of the Cause in America he
rendered great service through his assistance
to the Persian translators in the translation
of, particularly, the "Hidden Words," "The
Seven Valleys" and great numbers of Tablets.
His leaflets, "Before Abraham Was I Am!"
and "What Went Ye Out for to See?" as well
as the beautiful description of his visit to
Abdul-Baha in the prison at Acca, under the
title, "In Galilee," will be read and enjoyed
more and more as the world more nearly
approaches the reign of Peace on Earth, while
his larger book, entitled, "The Bahai Revela-
tion," bears Witness of his great efforts and
service in his endeavor to bring the Bahai
teaching more readily within the grasp of west-
ern minds.
He was a man of great loving character,
with a heart that drew to him warm friends
and a love which seemed to reach out, sur-
round and envelop you.
Oh, friend! when we consider thy loving
heart, we do not feel that thou art separated
from us. It seems that we should more natu-
rally write to thee than of thee. Continue
thou thine efforts for the good of the souls
of men an hundredfold now that thou art free
in the realm of might and power. Be nearer
to the hearts of those in trouble and distress
and cease not from thy labors until all the
souls of men have come into Peace and Love,
and mayest thou always be in the fullness of
happiness and joy in nearness to thy Lord and
in His good will and pleasure.
Arthur S. Agnew.
THE MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR IN AMERICA
ANNOUNCEMENT.
TO the Bahai Assemblies of the East and
West .
affords us great pleasure
to announce the good news that the final pay-
ment upon the main tract of land of the
Mashrak-el-Azkar site has been paid; and par-
ticularly so while Abdul-Baha, _the Centre of
the Covenant, is in America. The last pay-
ment was made on the second day of Octo-
ber, and the title to the site now rests in the
Bahai Temple Unity free from encumbrances.
Praise be to God! the Generous, the Boun-
tiful, that the hearts of the friends throughout
the world have responded to the call of the
Spirit. From every people, country, race and
religion of the world, they have united in
generous and willing gifts to the purchase of
the site for this Temple of Unity.
And this has been accomplished in a little
over three years. In the spring of I909, on
March 23rd, the Assemblies of America were
invited by the Chicago Assembly to send dele-
gates to a Convention to be held in that city
for the purpose of purchasing ground upon
which to build the first Mashrak-el-Azkar
in the Occident.
Many obstacles have been in the path and
great has been the anxiety of the Committee
at times, who could proceed with the execu-
tive work only in proportion to the funds in
hand. Therefore, the Executive Committee,
in behalf of Bahai Temple Unity, desire to
express their appreciation of the sacrifices
made by those who have contributed to this
necessary beginning of a great undertaking.
May they receive a foretaste of the blessing
which this Edifice shall be to humanity.
Now,'we wish to call your attention to
future payments needed for what is known
as the Lake Shore tract, a strip of ground
east of the main tract bordering on the
water--insuring an outlook upon Lake Michi-
gan--upon which $5,000.00 has already been
paid. There remains a balance of $12,000.00
due, the payments spread over a period of
years. The next be
due March I, I913. We hope everyone will
arise with renewed vigor to clear this in-
(Continued on page fifteen)

