12 STAR OF
of the blind, at 1665 Jackson Street, San Fran-
cisco, where during the week instruction is
given in manual training. To this meeting
were invited, also, the blind from the Adult
Home in Oakland, and the children a11d youth
from the State Educational Institution in
Berkeley. The service opened with a beautiful
song by a child. Abdul-Baha first paid a trib-
ute to Mrs. Rowan, through whose efforts the
teaching at this place is made possible. Then
he spoke of how, in receiving education, the
blind are being endowed with sight. He told
though deprived of sight, having
must not sorrow. Sight is only
for a time, but insight is divine and discovers
the Kingdom, sees the beauty of God. Though
deprived of a drop, they possess the ocean, for
insight comprehends all the other senses. He
closed by saying, "May you not see dust, but
purity--see the beauty of Christ, of 
and all holy souls."
In the evening, many of the friends gathered
in the parlor and Abdul-Baha told them of
his visit to the beach. He likened humanity
to a sea,--at times smooth, at other times in
motion. The sea in motion is most like life,
even when tempestuous; when in motion, each
hour brings results. He said: "Seek to dive
in the spiritual sea and bring up pearls; seek
to find that sea."
At the conclusion of the talk, he spoke of
musical instruments, saying all are imperfect,
but that brought to earth a
heavenly, divine instrument Where each soul
could find and strike his note and the music
would be a heavenly chorus, and eternal. At
this gathering there were Persians, Swiss,
Hindu, Holland, Canadian, French, English,
Iapanese and Americans--all in love and fel-
lowship.
Wednesday, October 16th, Abdul-Baha a11d
party returned from a short visit to the coun-
try. To the nine Portland friends, who had
arrived, he said, "Be happy, no tears! no
tears Some of these friends had come at
great sacrifice. One little boy said to his
mother, "Wl1y do you cry, mother? It is
silly to cry here." In the afternoon Abdul-
Baha addressed the Century Club on Equality
between men and women. He spoke of
woman's superiority in kindness and tender-
ness, and, when necessary, in valor and
courage.
The evening of October 16th will never be
forgotten, because of the memorable feast,
held at the home of Mrs. Goodall, in Oakland.
The beautiful rooms were filled with tables,
THE WEST
adorned with yellow and
pyramids of fruit. The friends gathered quietly
and talked in low but joyous tones. All
seemed to feel the evening to be one set apart
from all other evenings, for at this feast it
was our great privilege to have Abdul-Baha
with us. There were one hundred and ten
present, friends from the Bay Cities and also
from Portland and Seattle.
Wlien all were seated at table, Abdul-Baha
requested that we partake of the food so
bountifully provided, while he walked about
speaking words of wisdom and love, giving us
the spiritual food, for which We hungered.
Then, from the stairs, he pronounced a bene-
diction upon all assembled, a11d soon the
friends quietly withdrew. It was the most
spiritual meeting. Gathered under one roof
were people of different nations and various
nationalities, the young and old, all meeting in
love and fellowship, and in devotion to the
Servant of God in this day.
Thursday passed in the usual way, with
private interviews and talks. Friday, Abdul-
Baha and party, accompanied by several of the
friends, left for Los Angeles, returning early
the following morning. During the day,
friends from Seattle, Tacoma and Spokane
arrived, and were welcomed and made very
happy.
Tuesday evening, the farewell meeting of
the friends was held at the home of Mrs.
Goodall in Oakland. This was another espe-
cially memorable occasion. All realized that
at this meeting would be given final words of
exhortation and farewell. There was a rever-
ent hush as Abdul-Baha told of 
and of the two years He passed in solitude.
At the close of this narrative, Abdul-Baha
arose, and, in no uncertain terms, declared
himself to be the CENTER or THE 
and exhorted all believers to firmness, calling
upon them to spread the message of the King-
dom both by deed and word. In farewell, he
took each one by the hand, giving to each the
Greatest Name.
Wednesday and Thursday went all too
quickly, filled with the usual interviews and
talks. The friends spent as much time as
possible at the house of Abdul-Baha, realizing
that the days of great privilege were swiftly
passing. All the public discourses were well
received and will bear much fruit; but it was
through the more intimate and personal talks
that the friends received greatest quickening
and instruction.
From the University at Berkeley many oi

