STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men asbrothers; that the bonds of aifection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Chicago (November 4-, 1912) Kudrat. No. 1'3
MESSAGE TO THE JEWS.
Address by Abdul-Baha Abbas before Congregation Emmanu-El, San Francisco, Cal.,
(Martin A. Meyer, Rabbi)
INTRODUCTION BY RABBI MEYER.
RETHREN of the Congregation Em-
manu-El: It is our privilege and a very
high privilege indeed to welcome in our
midst this morning Abdul-Baha, a great
teacher of our age and generation.
The heart of the Orient seems to be essen-
tially religious, whatever else it might be or
might not'be, and now and again, out of the
heart of the Orient the fundamental religious
message of the world is stated and restated.
Abdul--Baha is the representative of one of the
religious systems of life, and it appeals to us
Jews because we Jews feel that we have fath-
ered that ideal throughout the centuries of
men.
This morning he will speak in his native
tongue through his interpreter Dr. Fareed,
on "The Fundamental Unity of Religious
Thought," and I know that what he will say
will be of significance to us. We thank him
in advance for the message and for consenting
to address us at this service this morning.
ADDRESS BY ABD-UL-BAHA.
The first bestowal of God in the world of
humanity is Religion, because Religion con-
sists in Divine teachings to men, and most
assuredly Divine teachings are preferable to
all other sources of instruction.
Religion confers upon man the life ever-
lasting. Religion is a service to the world of
morality. Religion guides humanity to eternal
happiness. Religion is the cause of everlasting
honor in the world of man.
Religion has ever helped humanity towards
progress. As a proof thereof let us first
investigate Religion from an unbiased stand-
point. Let us find out whether Religion is
the cause of progress and development or
whether it is not; whether or not Religion
is after all the cause of illumination; whether
by Dr. Ameen U. Far-eed; steno-
graphically reported by Miss Bijou Straun.
Saturday, October 12, 19l2.*
or not Religion is the impetus which allows
man to advance extraordinarily.
Let us investigate independently, careful that
we are not bound by blind imitations or
dogmas. For were we to be bound by blind
imitations, some will believe that Religion is
a cause of happiness, and others will disagree,
saying that Religion has been a cause of deg-
radation. Hence We must first investigate as
to this: whether or" not Religion is the cause
of human advancement, and let us give it
impartial and thorough research so that no
doubt shall linger in our minds.
How can we find this out? That is, how
can we discover whether Religion has been
the cause of human progress or retrogression?
We will first investigate the founders of
Prophets. We will review the
episodes of their lives, the events prior to
their rise, and those subsequent thereto. But
We will not present to you certain traditions
which are subject to both credence and refu-
tation. Nay rather we will cite certain his-
torical facts provable to all, "certain facts and
evidences well known throughout the world,
and which are irrefutable. They are these:
Amongst the great Prophets was His Holi-
ness Abraham, who being an iconoclast and
a herald of the Oneness of God, was banished
by the people from his-native land. 
Let us observe right here how Religion is
an impetus towards progress.
His' Holiness Abraham founded a family,
and this" family God did bless, and it was
owing to its religious basis that the Abra-
hamic house progressed and advanced.
Through the Divine benediction, noteworthy
and famous prophets have issued from the
Abrahamic lineage. There appeared an Isaac.
There appeared an Ishmael. There appeared
a Jacob. There appeared a Joseph. There
appeared a Moses. There appeared an
Aaron. David issued therefrom. There ap-
peared Solomon. The Holy Land was con-

