STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as b_rOfherS; that the bonds of afiection and unity between the sons of men shallhe Strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. S0 it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. HI Chicago (April Z8, 1912) Jamal No. 3
ARRIVAL IN 
By WENDELL PHILLIPS DODGE.
fi BDUL-BAHA, the eminent Persian phil-
osopher and leader of the Bahai move-
ment for the unification of religions
and the establishment of universal peace,
arrived April 11tl1 on the steamship Cedric
from Alexandria, Egypt. It is his first visit
to America, and except for a brief visit to
Paris and London last summer and fall, it is
the first time in forty years that he has
gone beyond the of the "prison
city" of Acre, Syria, to which place he and
his father, the founder of the
Bahai movement, were banished by the Turk-
ish government a half century ago.
He comes on a mission of international
peace, to attend and address the Peace Con-
ference at Lake Mohonk the latt_er part oi
the month, and to address various peace meet-
ings, educational societies, religious organiza-
tions, etc.
When the ship news reporters boarded the
Cedric down the bay Abdul-Baha was found
on the upper deck, standing where he could
see the pilot, his long, flowing oriental robe
flapping in the breeze. He was clothed in I1
long, black robe open at the front and dis-
closing another robe of light tan. Upon his
head was a pure white turban, such as all
eastern patriarchs wear.
His face was light itself as he scanned the
harbor and greeted the reporters, who had been
kept waiting at quarantine for three and a
half hours before they could board the ship
with the customs officers, owing to a case of
smallpox and several cases of typhoid fever
in the steerage, which had to be removed to
Hoffman Island for isolation, and the ship
then fumigated. He is a man of medium
height, though at first sight he seemed to be
*No'rs--T'his story of Abdul-Baha's arrival in Amer-
ica was written by Wiencl-ell Phillips Dodge, a reporter
for the New York City News ASso<_2iation, who hoard-
ed the Cedric at quarantine and Iliterviewccl Abdul-
Baha coming up the bay. It was given to all of the
New York newspapers, and, through the Associated
Press, was sent, though boiled clown considerably, to
newspapers throughout the 
much taller. He is strongly and solidly built,
and weighs probably one hundred and sixty-
five pounds. As he paced the deck, talking
with the reporters, he appeared alert and active
in every movement, his head thrown back and
splendidly poised upon his broad, square
shoulders, most of the time. A profusion of
iron grey hair bursting out at the sides of the
turban and hanging long upon the neck; a
large, massive head, full-domed and remark-
ably wide across the forehead and temples,
the forehead rising like a great palisade above
the eyes, which were very wide apart, their
orbits large and deep, looking out from under
massive overhanging brows; strong Roman
nose, generous ears, decisive yet kindly mouth
and chin; a creamy white complexion, beard
same color as his hair, worn full over the
face and carefully trimmed at almost full
length--this completes an insufficient Word
picture of this "Wise Out of the East."
His first words were about the press, say-
ing:
"The pages of swiftly appearing newspapers
are indeed the mirror of the world; they
display the doings and actions of the different
nations; they both illustrate them and cause
them to be heard. Newspapers are as a mirror
which is endowed with hearing, sight and
speech; they are a wonderful phenomenon
and a great matter. But it behooveth the
editors of the newspaper to be sanctified from
the prejudice of egotism and desire, and to
be adorned with the ornament of equity and
justice.
"There are good and bad newspapers.
Those which strive to speak only that which
is truth, which hold the mirror up to truth,
are like the sun: they light the world every-
where with truth and their Work is in1perisl1-
able. Those who play for their own little
selfish ends give no true light to the world
and perish of their own futility."
Dr. Ameen U. Fareed, a young American-

