10 STAR OF THE WEST
the Blessed Beauty, that
was the Promised One of His
Holiness The Bab. His Holiness 
covenanted, not that I (Abdul--Baha) am the
Promised One, but that Abdul-Baha is the Ex-
pounder of the Book and the CENTRE 0F 
COVENANT, and that the Promised One of
will appear after one thousand
or thousands of years. This is the Covenant
which made. If a person shall
deviate, he is not acceptable at the Threshold
of BAI-IAJOJLLAH. In case of difference, Abdul-
Baha must be consulted. They must revolve
around his good pleasure. After Abdul-Baha,
the Universal House of Justice is
organized it will -ward off differences.
"Now I pray for you that GOD may aid
you, may confirm you, may appoint you for
His service; that He may suffer you to be
as radiant candles; that He may accept you
in His Kingdom; that He may make you the
cause of the spread of the light of 
in these countries, and that the teachings of
may be spread broadcast.
pray for you, and I am pleased with all
of you, each one, one by one; and I pray that
GOD may aid and confirm you. . . . At
present, farewell to you!" The Editors.
of The Covenant. 
ll Ornniscient I
any right from the properties of people.
and deeds.
Existent 
the Wonderful 
[Continued from page seven]
Verily G01) hath ordained the station of the Greater Branch (Ghusn Akbar) after the
ll station of the former. Verily He is the Orclaincr, the \/Vise. We have surely chosen the
Greater (Akbar) after the Greatest (Azam) as a Command from the All-Knowing, the
The love of the Branches is incumbent upon all, but G01) hath not ordained to them
My Branches, My Twigs and My Relations! We enjoin ye to the virtue of Gon, to
follow that which is just and benefiting, and that by which your station will be exalted. 
Truly I say, piety is the greatest commander for the assistance of the Divine Religion, and
the hosts that befit this commander have been and are good, pure and pleasing qualities
Say: servants, make not the causes oi order to be the cause of contusion, and make
not the reason of union to be the occasion of discord! It is hoped that the people of Baha 0
will look towards the blessed Word "Say: all are from the Presence of G0b"--and this
exalted Word resembles water for eXtinguisl1ing the fire of hatred and animosity which is
deposited in all minds and hearts. The different creeds will attain the light of real union
through this simple Word. Verily He sayeth the Truth and guideth in the Path, and He
is the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Wonderful!
Respect and regard for the Branches is incumbent upon all for the honoring of the
Religion and the exaltation of the Word; and this Command hath been both previously
and afterwards recorded and mentioned i11 the Books of Goo. Blessed is he who attaineth
to that which hath been commanded from the Presence of the Commander, the Pre- 
Also respect (is enjoined) for the Ladies of the Household of Gob, and the Twigs and
the Relations. I enjoin ye to the service of the nations and to the pacification of the world. .
From the Kingdom of the Revelation of the Aim of the people of the world, is
revealed that which is the Cause of the Life of the world and the salvation of the nations.
Hearken to the admonitions of the Supreme Pen with the true ear. Verily they are better
unto ye than all that which is upon earth. To this bcareth witness My Book, the Mighty,
THE AND THE 
A brief presentation of Old and New Testament prophecies fulfilled in the Appearance
of and ABDUL-BAHA.
Selections from Addresses of Abdel Karim Eflendi.
In the Name of GOD, the Most Glorious!
Matthew, tenth chapter, seventh verse,
I Jesus says: "And as ye go, preach, saying,
The kingdom of heaven is at hand"; also
in the twenty-third chapter, verse twenty-
ninth: "For I say unto you ye shall not see
me henceforth till ye shall say, Blessed is he
that cometh in the name of the Lord," which
shows that the Son of Man shall not be seen
again until the time when He shall come in
the Kingdom of His Father, which hath ap-

