10 STAR OF
world, how the vegetable kingdom receives a
new life~--a new a11imus--how the animal king-
dom and the human kingdom are resuscitated
and- moved forward, what a circulation takes
place i11 the blood! How the gentle 
are set in motion; how flowers are in bloom;
what delightful and temperate air is enjoyed;
how pleasant and delightful become the mou11-
tains, the fields and meadows; likewise this
Bounty of God will endow the world of hu-
manity with a new motion, new mo-vernent. All
the virtues which have been deposited in the
human verities and realities, like unto these
flowers will be revealed from that reality. It
is a day of joy. It is a time of happiness. It
is a period of spiritual progress. I beg of God
that this Divine Spiritual Civilization may have
a tremendous impression and effect on you.
May it make you growing plants. Ma-y your
trees bring forth leaves, variegated blossoms;
may they bear the ideal fruits appearing there-
from- in order that the world of humanity, akin
to the growth and development of material
civilization; may it likewise develop spiritually
along the lines of idealism. just as the intel-
lects have revealed mysteries of matter and
have brought forth from the invisible nature
her mysteries, may the minds and spirits like-
wise come in touch with the venities of God
and the realities of the Kingdom may be made
manifest. Then the world Will be the Paradise
of Anna, and the standard of the Most Great
Peace will be upraised, and the Oneness of the
world of humanity, in all its beauty, glory and
usefulness, become apparent. Therefore, I wish
to pray in your behalf, in your presence.
(While he is praying he wishes your hearts
to be attentive and directed to- the Kingdom
of ABHA, so that your hearts may sense the
Benediction of his Amen.)
Pra-yer in P'e1/sicm.
It is my hope that the supplication which I
have offered to the Kingdom of ABHA in your
behalf may soon be answered for you, and
that its results or effects may be manifest in
your hearts and 
REPORT or MEETING AT UNIVERSALIST Cnoacn,
4 P. M., SUNDAY, APRIL 21, 1912.
Iniroducfion by Dr. John Van Sc/wick, fr.
behalf of the officers and members of this
I Church, I have the honor of welcoming you
to Washington. We feel that we are hon-
ored by the presence of one who has so faith-
fully served God and humanity. The Faith of
THE WEST
this Church is summed up in two great doc-
trines: Belief in the Universal Fatherhood of
God and in the Universal Brotherhood of
Man. Because we believe that God is our
father and that we are all His children, we
believe also in the immortality of the soul.
We believe that Revelation is progressive.
We hold with Jesus that when the Spirit
of Truth is come He will guide us into all
Truth. We look for more Truth in each
age and every country. What you have done
as a great Leader, as a Servant of God,
for Universal Peace, Universal Knowledge,
Universal Brotherhood, calls forth our deepest
gratitude. After arrangements for this meet-
ing had been made, I received a letter warning
me that I should be false to my belief if I held
it. That letter quoted Jesus as saying, "All
that ever came before Me are thieves and rob-
bers." I do not believe that Iesus ever said it.
It is not consistent with what we know of the
breadth of His nature. But some of I-Iis fol-
lowers say that all other Leaders are thieves
and robbers. Against such narrowness this
Church has always stood. We stand today
hum-bly seeking the Spirit of Truth, and we
gather here to-day because we believe that you
are one of those who do not count their lives
dear unto themselves, but seek only to serve
God.*
Address by Abdul-Baha.
The creed so well presented by the Minister
of this Church, and the institutes so well de-
lineated, are truly praiseworthy and deserving
of sanctification and glorification. For these
precepts are against the well-rooted prejudices
of the day. The prejudices of imitation have
hindered the progress of humanity for six
thousand years. How many wars have taken
place; how many battles have occurred; how
much division and discord have been caused by
this prejudice! Inasmuch as this century is a
century of the Revelation of Reality, praise be
to God! the thoughts of men are directed to
the welfare of humanity. The mirage of imi-
tations is daily passing away and the Ocean
of Truth is daily surging more tumultuously.
All the nations now existing have had a Divine
Foundation originally, and that foundation is
the Truth or Reality. That Reality was meant
to- be conducive to the unity and accord of
mankind, but subsequently that Light of Real-
ity gradually was beclouded_ The darkness of
superstitions and imitations came and took its
*This Introduction was translated orally into Per-
sian, by Dr. Ameen U. Fareed, after which Abdul-
Baha arose and spoke as follows.

