STAR OF THE WEST 15
He would not have provided for all; He would
not have created man; He would not have
trained him. Now that He has created, pro-
vided for and preserved man, it is therefore
evident that God is kind to all. Why then
should man be unkind to man? This is the
Divine policy. Shall we consider human policy
to be better than the Divine policy? 'Is that
conceivable? Is not that impossible? There-
fore, we must emulate the policy of God. Just
as God deals with all kindly, so
lovingly--we must deal with each other.
declared the "Most Great Peace"
and International Arbitration. He voiced His
sentiments with regard to peace in numerous
epistles upon that subject, which were scat-
tered broadcast throughout the East. He
Wrote to all the kings and crowned heads, en-
couraging all and admoriishing them in regard
to peace. He made it evident with conclusive
proofs that the happiness and glory of human-
ity can only be insured through peace. This
took place about fifty years ago. Because He
promulgated International Peace and gave
numerous instructions about it, the kings of
the Orient arose against Him, for they did
not find their personal benefits advanced there-
by. They arose to persecute and molest Him;
inflicted upon Him every torment, imprisoned
Him, bastinadoed Him, banished Him, eventu-
ally confined Him to a fortress. Then they
arose against those who followed Him. For the
establishment oi International Peace the blood
of twenty-thousand Bahais was spilt. How
many homes were destroyed! How many of
the young were made captives! I-Iow many of
the houses were pillaged! Yet none of them
waxed cold. Even unto this day they still per-
secute them, for the Bahais put forth the
greatest efforts. They not only promulgate
principle; they are people of action. Now
you see the same people who were formerly
at enmity and strife in far off Persia--~people
of various religions and denominations,--
through the great teachings of 
living in the utmost peace. Enmity has
passed away and they exercise the utmost love
toward all mankind. For they know that all
are the servants of God. At most it is simply
this: that some are still ignorant, they must
be educated; some are sick, they must be
treated; some are as children, they must be
helped to reach the age of maturity. We must
not molest any one because he is an infant
or child; we must not be inimical to any one
because he is still ignorant; we must not reject
anyone because he is sick; but we must treat
the sick, educate the children until they reach
the age of maturity; and help those who are
ignorant in order that they may reach know-
ledge. Therefore the essentials of the foun-
dations of the religions of God are love and
amity among all humanity. If a Divine re-
ligion should be productive of discord among
society, it is a destroyer and not Divine; for
religion means unity and binding together.
Mere knowledge of anything is not sufficient.
We all know that justice is good, but there is
need for volition and executive force to carry
it out. For example, should we think it good
to build a church, simply thinking of it as be-
ing a good thing will not help its erection.
We must will to build it. Then wealth is
needed for its erection; simply thinking will
not be sufficient. All of us know that Inter-
national Peace is good; that it is conducive to
the general welfare of humanity and the glory
of man; but we are in need of will, volition,
and action. We must act. Inasmuch as this
century is a century of light, it has capacity
for action. Necessarily these principles will
spread among all men until they reach the
degree of volition and attain to the status of
action. Surely this is so, for the time is ripe
for it. The human.race knows, verily, that war
is a destroyer of the human foundation, and in
all the countries of the world there are those
who favor this issue. 'When I came to Amer-
ica, I found this to be an exceedingly progres-
sive country, the people in a state of readiness,
the government a just one, and equality estab-
lished to an extraordinary degree. Now inas-
much as the standard of International Peace
must needs be hoisted, I hope that it may be
hoisted upon this continent, for the American
continent is more deserving, has greater capa-
city therefor, and is not like other countries.
If other nations should take such a step, every-
body will misinterpret the motive. For exam-
ple, if Great Britain should take the step, it
will be said that it is done in order to insure
the safety of her colonies. If France should
hoist the standard, they will say she has some
interest therein. If Russia should raise the en-
sign, the Whole Russian nation would sa-y it
is an effort to preserve the homogeneity of
Russia. But the American government has no
selfish interest in this. You have, strictly speak-
ing, no colonies to preserve. You are not en-
deavoring to extend your domains; nor have
you any need for territorial aggressiveness.
Therefore if America takes the first step to-
ward this direction, it is certain to he
ascribed to altruism. It will be said by

