STAR THE WEST 29
love which is from God is the fundamental.
This love is the object _of all human attain-
ment, the radiance of heaven, the light of man.
Question: Will you state the tenets of your
faith?
Answer: First: Investigate the Reality.
Man must leave imitation and seek Reality.
The contemporaneous religious beliefs differ
because of their allegiance to dogma. It is
necessary therefore to abandon imitations and
seek their fundamental Reality.
Second: Oneness of humanity. All human
creatures are the servants of God. All are
submerged in the Sea of His Mercy. The
Creator of all is one God; the provider, the
giver, the protector of all is one God. He is
kind to all; why should we be unkind? All
live beneath the Shadow of His Love; Why
should we hate each other? At most it is
this: There are certain people who are ignor-
ant; they must be educated. Some are like
children; they must be trained and educated
until they reach maturity. Others are sickly,
intellectually ill, spiritually ill; they must be
treated and healed. But all are the Servants
of God.
Third: Religion must be conducive to love of
all; the cause of fellowship, unity and light.
If it be the cause of enmity, bloodshed and
the cause of hatefulness, surely its non-being
is better than its being, its non-existence bet-
ter than its existence. Religion and science
are twins. Religion and science correspond,
but if a question of religion be not reasonable
and cannot agree with science, it is imagina-
tion and not worthy of credence.
Fourth: E-quality between men and women.
In all degrees they are equal. The readjust-
ment of the economic laws for the livelihood
of man must be effected in order that all
humanity may live in the greatest happiness
according to their respective degrees.
Fifth: Spiritual brotherhood. All mankind
must attain to spiritual fraternity, that is to
say, a fraternity in the Holy Spirit; for
patriotic, racial and political fraternity are of
no avail. Their results are meager, but divine
fraternity, spiritual fraternity is the cause of
unity and amity among mankind. As hereto-
fore material civilization has been extended,
the Divine civilization must be promulgated.
Until the two agree, real happiness among
mankind will be unknown. By mere intel-
lectual development and power of reason man
cannot attain to his fullest degree; that is to
say, by means of intellect alone he cannot ac-
complish the progress effected by religion.
For the philosophers of the past strove in vain
to revivify the world of mankind through the
intellectual faculty. The most of which they
were capable was educating themselves and a
limited number of disciples; they themselves
have confessed failure. Therefore the world
of humanity must be confirmed by the breath
of the Holy Spirit in order to receive uni-
versal education. Through the infusion of
Divine Power all nations and peoples become
quickened and universal happiness is possible.
These are some of the principles of the
Bahais.
Question: Will women or men aid this
new religion most? Which will be most
capable?
Answer: In Persia the men have aided
it more, but in the West perchance the women.
In the West women evidently have precedence
in religion, but in the East men surpass the
women.
Question: What will be the food of the
united people?
Answer: As humanity progresses, meat will
be used less and less, for the teeth of man are
not carnivorous. For example, the lion is en-
dowed with carnivorous teeth which are in-
tended for meat and if meat be not found, the
lion starves. The lion cannot graze; its teeth
are of different shape. The formation of the
lion's stomach is such that it cannot receive
nourishment save through meat. The eagle
has a crooked beak; the lower part shorter
than the upper. Were it to try to pick up
grain it would find it impossible; were it to
try to graze, it would fail. Therefore it is
compelled to partake of meat. But the domes-
tic animals, the cow, horse, donkey, sheep, etc.,
have herbivorous teeth formed to cut grass
which is their fodder. The human teeth, the
molars, are formed to grind grain. The front
teeth, the incisors, are for fruits, etc. It is
therefore quite apparent, according to the im-
plements for eating, man's food is intended to
be grain and not meat. When mankind is
more fully developed the eating of meat will
gradually cease.
DR. GRANT.
Let us wish that we here tonight may be-
come great factors in bringing about this spir-
itual and human unity, which is the object of
Abdul-Baha's life and mission, and all of
which is thoroughly in accord with the teach-
ings and principles of religion.

