STAR OF THE WEST 15
destruction of the foundations of humanity.
But the Religion of God is based upon amity
and agreement. His Holiness 
has said that "If religion and faith are the
causes of enmity and sedition it is far better
to be non-religious; that lack of religion is
better than religion; for we desire religion
to be the cause of amity and fellowship. If
enmity and hatred exist, irreligion is prefer-
able." Therefore the removal of this dis-
sension has been specialized in 
for religion is a remedy for human antagon-
ism. If a remedy is the cause of disease it
would be better to do without the remedy.
Other causes of human dissension are po-
litical, patriotic and racial prejudices. These
have been removed by has
said and has guarded His statement by ra-
tional proofs from the Holy Books that the
world of humanity is one race, the surface
of the earth one place of residence and these
suppositions of racial and political boundaries
are baseless and without foundation. It is
not becoming of man to be the captive of
these illusions and suppositions. Consider,--
the surface of the earth is one, and one at-
mosphere encompasses all humanity. No dif-
ference or preference is made by God. But
man following illusions and superstitions, has
come to consider nationalities various and
races separate in rights and importance,
thereby laying the foundation of prejudice,
hatred and discord.
Diversity of languages has been a fruitful
cause of discord. The function of language is
to convey the thought and purpose of one to
another. Therefore it matters not what lan-
guage man speaks or employs. Nevertheless,
sixty years ago advocated one
language as the greatest means of unity and
the basis of international conference. Sixty
years ago He wrote to the kings of the earth
recommending the unification of languages;
that one language should be adopted and sanc-
tioned by all governments and promulgated by
all nations. By this means, every nation might
have its own natal tongue and acquire the
universal language. All nations would then
be able to communicate and consult with
perfect facility and the dissension due to
diversity of language would not remain.
Another teaching of is in re-
lation to the Most Great Peace; that all
mankind must be awakened to and become
conscious of the harm of war; that they
should become informed of the benefit of
peace and know that peace is from God, while
warfare is from Satan. War among the na-
tions is a trait and manifestation of Satan.
Man must emulate the Merciful and not
Satan, in order that public opinion shall in-
cline toward peace, love and unity and the dis-
cord of war vanish.
I will mention another cause of dissension:
the lack of equality between man and woman.
has named this as a great cause
of discord and division among humanity, for
so long as humanity remains unequally di-
vided as male and female in right and im-
portance, no amity or unity can be established.
In a perfect human body it could not be pos-
sible for one organ to be perfect and another
defective. In the great body of humanity
how could it be possible to bring about unity,
love and fellowship if one factor is con-
sidered perfect and the other imperfect?
When both are perfect in function, perfect
fellowship and harmony will be witnessed.
Therefore it is the greatest mistake to assume
one melnber of the family of humanity is
perfect and the other defective or not de-
serving. God has created man and woman
equal as to faculties; He has made no dis-
tinction between them. VVoman has not
reached the level of man in human accom-
plishment because of lack of 'education. The
education of man has been of one kind and
of woman another. If education were equal
and similar, these two factors would be equal
in attainment. God has made no difference
between them which should produce discord.
He has endowed all with human faculties and
all are manifestations of His Mercy. If We
say mankind is different creationally in en-
dowment, that is contrary to Divine justice.
Both are human. If God has created one
perfect and the other defective He is unjust.
But God is just. None are created imper-
fect or defective; all are perfect in creative
endowment. To assume imperfection in the
creature is to presuppose imperfection in the
Almighty Creator.
In brief; woman must receive equal edu-
cation with man. The soul which is most
excellent in the estimate of God is accept-
able before God.
We have for our subject and consideration
the reconciliation of the religious systems of
the world. His Holiness has
said that if from each of the varying re-
ligious systems one intelligent member be se-
lected and these representatives come to-
gether seeking to investigate the Reality of
Religion, they would establish an interre-
ligious body before which all disputes and
difference of religious belief could be pre-

