STAR OF THE WEST 13
establish political peace. I have not found
that he was an ambassador from any country,
from any court; nor did he come on a diplo-
matic errand. Could a political peace be finally
established which did not establish peace in
the hearts of man; peace in the souls of indi-
viduals with their ideals? In the phrase of
the political platform, "all peace looks alike to
me."
Therefore for the churches, I believe that we
today can welcome in a representative way and
in a vital way Abdul-Baha.
DR. WISE.
If Abdul-Baha really is a representative in
the interest of the peace of Persia, we would
not be very sorry if he might secure a more
honorable peace for Persia with Russia. And
if on the other hand as a representative of the
land of which he is at present a subject,-
Turkey,--he should bring about the cessation
of the wicked war between Turkey and Italy,
how well ought we rejoice!
Naturally, we expect a word from the Consul
General of Persia in New York, Mr. Topakyan.
ADDRESS BY MR. TOPAKYAN.
Ladies and Gentlemen: It is a very great
honor for me to be here today, for those who
cherish the highest American ideals have come
to honor a man of peace, and to seek still
greater light upon the sacred problem of Uni-
versal Peace. Our guest of honor has stood
as a Prophet of enlightenment and peace for
the Persian Empire, and a well-wisher of Persia
may well honor him. I wish from the heart
success for the message of peace for all men.
The awful calamity of war has hindered for
centuries all human progress. What progress
has been made has been made in spite of war.
When the day of Universal Peace comes, it
will be a day of universal good to all men.
The poor shall rejoice and misery and degra-
dation shall be like evil dreams of the night.
The peacemakers are truly the children of God.
It was impossible that America should be satis-
fied with her own prosperity and feel no in-
terest in the true welfare of the rest of the
world. Today in seeking International Peace,
she is sending a message of glad hope to the
nations who most need the sympathy and pro-
tection of the stronger nations.
I beg of you ladies and gentlemen to let
these few words serve as an expression of my
sincere sympathy for International Peace. In
closing I am happy to say that Abdul-Baha is
the Glory of Persia today.
DR. WISE.
A word from a University teacher, Prof.
Wm. Jackson of Columbia University. Prof.
Jackson is a scholar of the Persian land and
tongue, and we shall be happy to have a word
from him.
ADDRESS BY PROF. IACKSON.
It has been my pleasure and privilege to
travel considerably in the East, especially in
the wonderland of Persia. No matter what
the object of the traveler's journey may be, his
attention is called to the fact that the spirit
of these lands is awakening anew. One thing
always impresses me there. When men meet
and greet each other socially, in business, under
all sorts of conditions, you hear them say
"Salaam aleikum"! and the response comes
back "Wa aleikum assalaarn"! That is to say
"Peace be upon you"! and "Upon you be
Peace"!
With deep interest and reverence I saw the
spot in Tabriz where the Bab was dragged
up by the arms in I850. After all the torment,
abuse and persecution which had been heaped
upon him, he was hung up there on a wall,
side by side with one of his followers. At the
last moment this disciple said "Master, are
you satisfied"? At that instant a volley of
musketry rang out and the young disciple was
dead. The Bab was strung up again and an-
other volley brought death to him. was
a martyr to Peace and Love. This afternoon
his Successor comes to us from the Orient to
assure us that this Message of Peace is still
being sounded and that we in the West and
they in the East are really one in heart.
DR. WISE.
In welcoming on your behalf the guest of
today, I cannot help but refer for a moment
to his name "Abdul-Baha." Abdul, as you
know, means Ser.vant, being common in all
Eastern tongues; Abdul-Baha means the Serv-
ant of the Lord, and if my informant is correct,
some years ago when Abdul--Baha was asked
by an honored teacher of Christianity whether
he was a Prophet, his answer was, am the
Servant of the Servants of the Lord."
We welcome this "Servant of the Servants
of the Lord," and in welcoming him, in greet-
ing him, honoring him, in naming him brother,
and asking him to think of us as his sisters
and brothers, can you forget the word of the
poet of his own land, "No one could tell me
where my soul might be. I searched for God
and God eluded me. I sought my brother then

