WISDOM-TALKS 
investigate reasonably everything and then to
accept the same, hence I offer thanks to God
that I am present here.
In the solar system the solar center of illu-
mination is the sun itself. The educator of
all phenomenal things is the sun, through the
Will of God. When we observe phenomenal
objects we discover that growth and vegetation
are dependent upon the heat and light of the
Sun. \/Vere it not for the light and heat of
the sun there would be no vegetation, there
would be no animal life, there would be no
forms of genesis at all. But the great Be-
stower, the great Life-Giver is God, the sun is
the intermediary. Were it not for the bounty
of the sun, therefore, the world would be in
darkness. Be it the earth or the planets at
large, illumination starts or emanates from the
solar center. In short, the sun is the center
of illumination in the phenomenal world or the
realm of nature.
Likewise in the spiritual world, in the
realm of intelligence and idealism there must
needs be a center, and that center is the ever-
lasting, ever-shining Star. Its lights are the
lights of Reality which have shone upon hu-
manity. That light illumines the realm of
thought, that light illumines the realm of
morals, that light confers the bounties of the
kingdom, it is the cause of the education of
souls, it is conducive to the illumination of
the hearts, it gives forth the glad-tidings of
God. In short, the moral world, the ethical
world, the world of spiritual progress are de-
pendent for their progressive being upon that
Center of Illumination. It gives forth the re-
ligious light, it vouchsafes the spiritual force,
it confers the light eternal, and imbues human-
ity with the virtues of the human type. This
Star of Reality, this Center of Illumination to
which I have referred, applies to Manifesta-
tions of God in general, to the Prophets of
God. Just as the phenomenal sun illumines
the phenomenal world, gives it its growth and
power of being, likewise-the spiritual sun of
illumination gives or confers illumination upon
the world of morals and the realm of ethics,
and were it not for the illumination of that
center of the prophetic sun, the world of
thought, or intelligence, the realm of ethics
would become dark and extinct. The Sun of
Reality is one, just as the phenomenal sun is
one, but it has numerous dawning points, even
as the phenomenal sun has its various points
of arising. During the spring season it ap-
pears or dawns from the temperate horizon; in
the summer it has its distinct summer dawn-
ABDUL-BAHA 19
ing point, and in the winter it has still its win-
try dawning point. These day springs or
dawning points differ, but the Sun is ever the
same sun. The souls who extend their gaze
to the Sun will he the recipients of light no
matter from which dawning point that Sun
dawns or arises, but those who are fettered
with their adoration of the dawning point,
are deprived when there takes place a
transference of the Sun from one dawning
point to another. Inst as the solar cycle
has its four seasons, likewise the Sun of
Reality has its distinct cycles; just as this phe-
nomenal sun has its spring season, the Sun of
Reality has also its springtime or spring cycle.
The Sun of Reality dawns from a given point,
then the springtime arises or begins. The
world is set in motion and an extraordinary
or tremendous motion takes place in the realm
of thought and ideals. The thoughts be-
come brighter, the thoughts become spiritual,
the minds find development, the virtues of the
human world become apparent, the likeness
and image of God will become manifest. Then
the summer season, metaphorically speaking,
takes place, and winter follows and faint
traces, no traces in fact, remain of the efful-
gences of that spiritual Sun. The surface of
the earth becomes dormant, the clay becomes
dark and dreary, the trees become naked and
no freshness and beauty remain. But again
the cycle begins and we have the springtime,
and the former spring is thus renewed and the
world again becomes resuscitated, illumined,
attains spirituality, and religion is organized,
the hearts are turned to God, the summons of
God are raised, and the life everlasting is
vouchsafed. For some time the religious world
has become weakened and materialism has ad-
vanced. The spiritual phases of life were con-
stantly on the wane; morals were becoming
degraded, composure and peace were non-
existent for souls, and satanic qualities were
taking the upper hand; strife and rancor came
into being; bloodshed and pillaging were in
vogue. Negligence of God, in short, became
a reality. The deprivation of the bounties of
Heaven was a fact, so the wintry season was
established. Again the springtime of God
dawned, the lights of God shone forth, the
effulgences of the Sun of Reality became mani-
fest, the realm of thought and heart be-
came exhilarated, a new spirit was breathed
into the body of the world and daily advance-
ment took place.
I hope that the lights of the Sun of Reality
will illumine the whole world, so that no strife

