10 STAR OF
has conferred upon and added to man this
distinctive p-ower, this power of intellect, this
power or faculty of knowledge; and its great-
est virtue is scientific enlightenment.
Inasmuch as this is an endowment for the
acquisition of knowledge it is therefore the
most praiseworthy power of all, for by it and
through its attainments the betterment of the
human race is accomplished, the development
of human virtues is made possible and the spirit
and mysteries of God become manifest. There-
fore I am very pleased with my visit to this
place. Praise be to God, that this country
abounds in such institutions of learning where
all the sciences and arts may easily be ac-
quired. Inst as material and physical sciences
may be acquired here and are constantly un-
folding, I am hopeful that spiritual develop-
ment also may keep pace with these outer
advantages. As material knowledge is illumi-
nating those within the walls of this univer-
sity so also may the light of the spirit, the
inner and spiritual light of the real philosophy
illuminate this institution. The most impor-
tant principle of divine philosophy is the one-
ness of the world of humanity, the unity of
mankind, the bond which will conjoin the East
and the West, the tie of love which should
bind the hearts of men.
Therefore it is our duty to put forth our
greatest efforts and summon our energies
from all directions in order that the bonds
of unity and accord may be established among
mankind. For six thousand years we have
had bloodshed and strife. It is enough; it
is sufficient. Now is the time to associate
together in love and harmony. For six thou-
sand years We have tried the sword and war-
fare; let mankind for a time at least live in
peace. Review history and consider how
much savagery, how much bloodshed and
warfare the world has witnessed. It has been
either religious warfare, political warfare or
some clash of human interests. The world
of humanity has not enjoyed peace even for
a single day. Year by year the implements
of warfare have been increased and perfected.
Consider the past ages ;--~when War took place
only ten, fifteen or twenty thousand at the
most were killed, but now it is possible to
kill one hundred thousand in a single day.
Then warfare was carried on with the sword;
today it is the smokeless gun. Formerly battle-
ships consisted of sailing vessels; today there
are dreadnoughts. Consider the increase and
improvement in the implements of warfare.
God has created us all human, and all coun-
THE WEST
tries of the earth are parts of the same globe.
We are all servants of Him. He is kind and
just to all. \/Vhy should we be unkind and
unjust to each other? He provides for all.
Why should we deprive one another? He
protects and preserves all. Why should we
kill our fellow--creatures? If this warfare and
strife be for the sake of religion, religion has
no part in it. All the Divine Manifestations
have promulgated the Oneness of God and the
unity of Mankind. They have taught that men
should love and mutually help each other
in order that they might progress. Now if
this conception of religion be true, its essen-
tial principle is the oneness of humanity. The
fundamental truth of the Manifestations is
peace. If not they are false and will fail.
But as a matter of fa.ct this fundamental truth
underlies all religion, all justice. The Divine
purpose is that men should live in unity, con-
cord and agreement and should love one
another. Consider the virtues of the human
world and realize that the oneness of human-
ity is the primary foundation of them all.
Read the Gospel and the other Holy Books.
You Will find their fundamentals are one
and the same. Therefore unity is the essen-
tial truth of Religion, and when so under-
stood embraces all the virtues of the human
world. Praise be to God, this knowledge has
been spread, eyes have been opened and ears
have become attentive. Therefore we must
endeavor to promulgate and practice the Re-
ligion of God which has been founded by all
the Prophets. And the Religion of God in
short is absolute love and unity. I hope that
at some future time I may elaborate upon this
theme.
TO ABDUL--BAHA BY THE New YORK
PEACE AT Horst Aston, MAY 13,
1912 (AFTERNOON).
ABDUL-BAHA.
DB. STEPHEN S. Wrsn, Rabbi.
Mas. ANNA GARLAND SPENCER, Ethical Society.
Rnv. Pruner STICKNY GRANT, Church or Ascen-
S1011.
MR. TOPAKYAN, Persian Consul General
Pnor. WILLIAJM JACKSON, Columbia University.
H. SHORT, Snc'Y New York Peace So-
cie .

Stenographic Notes by E. Foster.
INTRODUCTION B-Y DR. WISE, PRESIDING.
HE reception of this afternoon has been
arranged by the Social Committee of the
New York Peace Society, which is hon-
ored today by the presence of its guest, Abdul-
Baha of Persia, known to many of us as one
of the religious teachers of the world.

