STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NIJVETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as econd-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post office at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3. 1879,
ALBERT R. Buncsma 
Associate Ea'itor--DR. ZIA M. Baonam, Chicago
. 7 $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy. 
Not: -- Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NLWB P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, Ill,, U, S. A.
To personal checks please add suflicient to cover the bani: exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI News SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS con! 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clirne. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which 1S organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and farne_w1ll be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these denend upon firmness.
AS.
firmness! i _(Sianed) Ann
Vol. Chicago (November 23, 1912) Kowl No. 14

A WORD TO THE READER:
To those who understand the claim and pur-
pose of the Bahai Teaching the contents of
this issue of the STAR OF THE WEST will be
clearly apparent; to those who are but 
familiar with the Movement or who know
nothing of the Revelation, its contents may
startle and shock.
Our purpose is that "sleepers" become awak-
ened, the "dead" resurrected, the "lame" and
"halt" assisted, and the "blind' enlightened.
Although the entire issue is devoted to brief
presentations of vital moment to religionists,
we trust its contents will cause all seekers
for knowledge to investigate thoroughly the
precepts of the Bahai Revelation and what it is
destined to accomplish throughout the world.
The articles presented are not the ravings of
diseased minds, nor the fanatical outbursts of
the unbalanced; but are from the heads and
hearts of wise men who are recognized author-
ities on the subjects, having spent years of
thorough investigation, and who have per-
sonally contacted with both and
ABDUL--BAHA.
The startling statements regarding the ar-
rival of the Day of the Appearance on
the planet of GOD "The Father," and "The
Son" of GOD will undoubtedly be ridiculed by
many; but the burden is upon the skeptic to
disprove these statements.
A word of explanation, however, should he
given regarding the unusual inference and em-
phasis given to the sacred word 
The Bahai Teaching is, "The root of all
knowledge is the Knowledge of GOD, and this
Knowledge is impossible save througli, His
Manifestation."
That is, they understand that all the people
have formed a. God in the world of thought
and that form of their own imagination they
worship* and acknowledge to be the creator of
all things, when in reality, that Essence of the
Divine Entity and Unseen of the unseen is
holy above imagination and is beyond thought.
It is a different realm, arrival thereat is im-
possible, attainment thereto is prohibited and
inaccessible. This much is known: It exists
and Its Existence is the condition
is unknown.
As no one hath any access to the Invisible
Essence and the way is barred and impassable,
therefore the Creator has created a glorious
Person among mankind for the Manifestation
of this Holy Essence and Single Reality. He
has selected a precious Gem among the pure
gems of humanity for the showing forth of
Its light and traces, so that He may be as a
throne for His Essence, a horizon for the ris-
ing of the lights of His Splendor, a manifestor
of His hidden Reality, a recipient of His
Names and Attributes, a tongue to reveal His
Revelation and Inspiration; a channel for His
Laws and Ordinances, an cluciclator of His
Signs and Evidences, and a deliverer of His
Commands and Messages. Thus through Him
becomes manifest, in the first grade and pri-
mary station, His Knowledge, Wisdom, Power,
Dominion, Grandeur, Will, Beauty, Glory,
Grace, Perfection, Mercy and Beneficence.
Such an excellent Person, glorious Man,
preserved Gem and greatest Name must needs
exist in every cycle, age and time, in order to
be the Channel of the Knowledge of GOD,
;*)Po1ytheisn1 (see Tablet of "The Branch," page
O.

