desired, by this clear elucidation, to counter-
act the imaginations of the ignorant, extin-
guish the world--consuming flame of jeal-
ousy and hatred of the people of error, and
guard the Divine Religion from divisions
and sects which are, according to the
judgment of common sense and the clear
texts of the Holy Tablets of God, the most
deplorable for religion and humanity. By this
He sought to preserve the Divine Word from
human doubts, suspicions and artifices.
=2 >11 
But alas! All these clear texts of God, coin-
manding people to turn to the Day-spring of
the Light of the Covenant, did not check the
evil thoughts of the people of discord; and
His repeated exhortations and advices did not
soften the hard hearts of the men of hos-
tility, nor prevent them from ruinous discords
and divisions. For when, in May, I892
A. D. (Zul-Ka'da, I309 A. 11.), 
ascended to His Most Holy Station, and nine
days after His Departure, the Book of the
Covenant of God was chanted in the Holy
Tomb in the assembly of believers, the gloom
of animosity and disappointment became in-
stantly manifest upon the faces of those who
had groundless pride and desire for leader-
ship, and who sought to raise discord and
contradiction. On the other hand, cheerful-
ness and joy were manifest in the shining
faces of those who had no desire but that of
seeking the Truth and telling the Truth.
Some were seated upon the right hand of
certainty, firmness and steadfastness in the
solid Covenant of God, and some stood upon
the left hand of unhappiness, in their impos-
sible desire and erroneous thoughts. The for-
mer became distinguished for their firmness
and inflexibility; noted for the effectiveness
of their word, their good name and success in
assisting the Cause, while the others were
distinguished by their instability, degradation
and shame. From that day, the thorn of vio-
6 STAR OF THE WEST
lating the Covenant of God grew in the Gar-
den of the Bahai community and the signs of
senseless hatred and hostilly proceeded from a
limited number of persons who are known as
the "nakezeen" (violators of the Covenant).
Although these people who violated the
Covenant received, during the life of 
LLAH and after His Departure, every kindness
and favor from His Holiness 
who considered their welfare and prosperity
before His own and that of the faithful be-
lievers, yet, on account of jealousy and sel-
fishness, they violated the Cause of God. Thus
came to pass that which was prophesied by
the Prophets especially Christ -- concerning
the people of the right hand and the people
of the left hand; and each will receive the
reward of his deeds according to the justice
of God. Two important points increased the
flame of the fire of jealousy in the hearts of
these Nakezeen, whose number does 11ot ex-
ceed thirty. One was that the Bahais of all
countries refused to accept the seditious books
and pamphlets forwarded to them by the
Nakezeen. According to the command of
they unanimously determined
not to pay any attention to these intrigues
and temptations, but took shelter, with the
utmost union and harmony, under the ban-
ner of the CENTER or THE COVENANT. An-
other point was that during a short space
of time the Cause of God became far more
widely spread than before, through the fiuent
pen and brilliant explanations of .ABDUL-BAHA 
so the number of the Bahais became enor-
mously multiplied since the Departure of
The fame of the Dawning-
Place of the Light of the Covenant spread
throughout all religions, and His Holy Tab-
lets became scattered as rose-petals through-
out all countries. His Great Name has filled
the world with awe and the renown of His
glorious deeds has reached all in the east and
west.
A We added to the pain.
of The Covenant.
The Will and Testament of 
LTHOUGH the Supreme Horizon is devoid of the vanities of the world, yet in the
 A Treasury of Trust and Resignation We have placed a priceless and unequalled
inheritance for the heirs. We have not placed (therein) a treasure, neither have
By In wealth fear is concealed and peril is hidden. Behold and then reflect
upon that which the Merciful One hath revealed in the Koran: "Woe unto every maligner
and backbiter who heapeth up riches and counteth them over." There is no continuance
in the riches of this world. That which is subject to mortality and undergoeth a change

