STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES .4 YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearhorn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post ofl-ice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
ALBERT R. 
Associate Editor-Dn. ZIA M. Bnonam, Chicago
TERMS $1.00 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Nau-- Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to NEWS SERVICE, P, O. Box 283, Chicago, U, S. A.
To personal check: please add suficient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAI-IA.
thou Star of the West! ma IS cop!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thowshalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy for-m_ is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will beconle vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide~--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend 11D0l'l 
firmness 
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Anus.
Vol. i Z, 1913CABLEGRAM FROM ABDUL-BAHA
COPY OF CABLEGRAM:
From Abdul-Baha addressed to "Parsons-
Remey, Washington, D. dated at Paris,
February I4, 1913: am Servant of BAI-IA.
His Holiness, is unique and
peerless. All must turn to This
is the Religion of Abdul-Baha. Firmness in
Covenant means love and obedience to the
Command of Abdul-Baha. Announce this."
(Signed) ABBAS.
ON TEACHING
URELY it will require great wisdom to
bring this Truth before the world; but
we are assured constantly that to him
who endeavors to teach for the sake of God
on1y--wisdom will be given in sufficient meas-
ure by the Holy Spirit.
The teacher should teach as offering a gift
to a king, humbly and submissively, not with
force of insistence, i1nperiously--that is stren~
uous1y--but with gentleness and sweetness:
submitting the argument and truth to the heart
and intellect of the hearer as the servant of
God, and therefore His servant--taking care
at all times to adapt.the offered food to the
condition and station of the listener, giving
milk for babes and meat for those grown
stronger.
This food is to be offered for the sake of
God, only, not for the hearer's sake, not for
the benefit of yourself: but simply because
God wishes His Manifestation to become
known and to become loved by those who
come to know Him.
If one teaches one whom he loves because
of his love for him--then he will not teach
one whom he loves not; and that is not of
God. If one teaches in order to derive the
promised benefit to himself, this too is not
from God. If he teaches because of God's
Will that God may be known--and for that
reason only, he will receive knowledge and
wisdom, and his words will have efiect--being
made powerful by the Holy Spirit, and will
take root in the souls of those who are in
the right condition to receive them. In such
a case the benefit to the teacher in growth is
as ninety per cent. compared to the ten per
cent. of gain to the heater, because he becomes
like a tree bearing fruit through the power of
God.
We are urgently instructed that the only
real way to attain growth in the knowledge
of the Truth of God, is not by hearing, but
by doing; by being alive with the fire of the
love of God and imparting as best we can
to others the Tidings of the coming of the
Kingdom. This is the day of teaching. We
are all commanded to teach, but only in the
Way and for the purpose above named.
It is pla'm that this means entire self-abne-
gation, cutting the self from the world, aban-
doning all else save God and His Will, and
in all humbleness doing His service for His
sake only.
[Continued on page ten]

