32 STAR OF
other man, we call him a murderer, a crim-
inal, a convict subject to capital punishment;
but if he kill 100,000 men he is considered a
general and called a Napoleon Bonaparte, the
great general, because he has killed 100,000
men. If a man commit a theft so much as a
dollar, he is called a thief, and put into prison,
but if he commit thievery to the extent o-f
a whole country, he is held as a hero. How
ignorant man is! Ferocity is not becoming.
It behooves man to confer life. Ferocity does
not belong to man. Rather it behooves man
to be the cause of human welfare, but it has
beco-me so that man glories in ferocity, and
he enjoys it, and all is caused by the fact that
divine civilization has not yet taken possession
of human society. Material civilization has
truly advanced, but because it is not linked
with divine civilization, evil and wickedness
abound. In olden days if two people, tribal
nations, went up-on the battlefield for one
year, they would destroy at most 20,000 men,
THE WEST
but now the instruments of destruction have
become so multiplied that away with 100,000 souls. During the
Japanese war with Russia in three months one
million were lost. This was undreamed of in
past days, and this is due to the lack of divine
civilization.
Now, this American nation is a revered na-
tion and presents great and deserved worthi-
ness. I hope this fair government will stand
for peace, so that warfare may not reign in
the world, that the banner of peace shall be
unfurled, and all nations shall be united to-
gether, which is the greatest attainment of the
world of humanity. It is equipped to ac-
complish that which shall surely adorn the
pages of hist-ory, become the envy of the
world, and be blest in the East and the West
because of its democracy. I hope it may be
the cause thereof, and I ask God in behalf of
you all.
THE PUBLIC MEETINGS OF THE FOURTH ANNUAL CONVENTION OF
BAHAI TEMPLE UNITY.
(Continued from page five)
were delivered by Mrs. Lua M. Getsinger, who
had just returned from a campaign on the
Pacific Coast; by Mr. Harlan F, Ober, of Bos-
ton, and by Mrs. Gillen, of Seattle.
A greeting was sent to Mr. Thornton Chase,
now in Los Angeles, but whose spirit is mani-
fested by the effect of his early teaching and
devotion, all present rising in recognition.
A song by the chorus was followed by an
address in which Mr. Gregory, of Washington,
discussed "The Reality of Humanity."
Miss Boylan, of New York, Mr. Greenleaf,
of Chicago, and Mr. I. T. Greenacre, of Chi-
cago, delivered interesting messages and greet-
ings, after which Mrs. Paul K. Dealy, of Fair-
hope, Ala., was called upon, whereupon a ris-
ing greeting to Alabama was given.
Mr. Mountfort Mills, of New York; Mr.
Roy C. Wilhelm, of New York, Dr. Pauline
Barton-Peeke, of Cleveland, Mrs. Swingle, of
Cleveland, Mrs. Russell L. Bro-oker of Akron,
Ohio, and Dr, D'Evelyn, of San Francisco,
were next called upon in the order named'.
The latter delivered what was termed by the
Chairman a fitting closing address.
Mme. Ragna Linne sang the Bahai "Bene-
diction," with the chorus joining in the famil-
iar refrain, and this closed a meeting of won-
derful spiritual fragrance, power and unity.
The closing public meeting of the convention
was held Tuesday, April 30th, at 8 p. in
Drill Hall Masonic Temple. The announce-
ment that Abdul-Baha would be present con-
stituted a fitting climax to a wonderful series
of sessions and more than a thousand persons
were crowded into the spacious hall.
The chorus vocalized the songs of praise
which filled every heart. The opening hymn,
"Great Day of God," was an inspiration; Mr.
Hall, who occupied the chair, addressed the as-
semblage; a prayer was read and Mr. Mills
and Mrs. Getsinger spoke. At this juncture
Abdul-Baha was announced. At once, the
vast concourse, as one person, arose, and in a
breathless silence the one awaited by many
there for years, entered and proceeded to the
platform. He was accompanied by Dr. Ameen
U. Fareed, Mirza Mahmoud, Seyyed Assad
Ullah and others of the party. At the con-
clusion of the address, the "Temple Song" was
sung in unison. Abdul-Baha presented a per-
sonal gift of 2,000 francs to the Mashrak-el-
Azkar fund. Mme. Ragna Linne sang the
"Benediction," and, as a closing number, the
chorus rendered "The Prophetic Song," A1-
though the hour was early, the meeting was
adjo-urned and the many hundreds quietly pro-
ceeded to their homes for meditation and spir-
itual uplift, following the great feast received
from the Heavenly Table.

