STAR OF THE 9
ABDUL-BAHA IN SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA.
BY FRANCES ORR ALLEN.
HESE ARE wonderful days which We are
living with Abdul-Baha in our midst.
Our longing to see him was great, but
much greater is our joy that our prayers were
answered.
A house was taken for Abdul-Baha at I815
California street. As our Assembly is com-
posed of the friends in San Francisco, Oak-
land, Berkeley and several adjoining towns,
each day has been filled to the utmost-
receiving the friends and others interested in
the movement, speaking to large audiences,
giving talks in the parlors to groups of earnest
seekers, and giving personal interviews to
others. All, alike, are recipients of his favors.
The afternoon of the day of his arrival he
crossed the Bay to Oakland where he met the
friends at the home of Mrs. Helen S. Goodall.
For twelve years this home has been a meet-
ing place, but on the afternoon of October 3rd
it became a memorable place--blessed by the
presence of Abdul-Baha. After a beautiful
address he took the children in his arms,
kissed them and blessed them; they felt his
love, even following him into the adjoining
room, and one dear baby of four wanted to
know if she "might pet the God-man."
Friday evening, October 4th, he received
many people at his home--people from all
the cities about the Bay, and after a short
address, he greeted them, welcoming them to
his home. Saturday from early morning he
met the friends, and in the evening attended
the regular Assembly meeting held each Sat-
urday night at the Lick building, Montgomery
street, where a most wonderful talk was given
--only the immediate friends being present.
Sunday, October 6th, two public addresses
were given--in the morning at the First Uni-
tarian Church in San Francisco, and in the
evening at the First Congregational Church
in Oakland.
Monday was also a busy day, with inter-
views, talks in the parlor, and in the evening
an address before the Japanese Y. M. C. A.
of Oakland, in the Japanese Independent
Church (formerly a branch of the Congrega-
tional Church). The meeting was opened by
the president of the society, Mr. oga, read-
ing a Scripture lesson in Japanese; this was
followed by the singing of "Nearer My God
to Thee" also in Japanese, then prayer was
offered by the pastor of the church, Reverend
Kazahira, to which all present said "Amen" in
English. Following this a short address was
given by Mr. Kanno, a Japanese poet and
philosopher, at the close of which he read
a poem in honor of Abdul-Baha. Then Abdul-
Baha spoke, and it was a most interesting occa-
sion, for the words were spoken in Persian,
translated into English by Dr. Fareed, then
from English into Japanese by Reverend Kaza-
hira. It was a marvelous mingling of the East
and the West and the Islands of the Sea. In
the audience were Japanese students and"phi-
losophers 'as well as those who serve in the
humbler walks of life. As Abdul-Baha passed
down the aisle, mothers held out their babies
for his blessing and smiled most happily as he
said in English, "Good baby; Japanese baby."
Early Tuesday morning, October 8th, Abdul-
Baha, accompanied by the Persian friends and
fifteen others, went to Leland Stanford Junior
University, where an address was given be-
fore the student body. He was enthusias-
tically received by the 1,500 students who
listened attentively to his address, the theme
of which was "The Oneness of All Phenom-
ena." At the close of the address Abdul-Baha
was given a perfect ovation by the students,
who thus showed their appreciation of his
wonderful knowledge, not alone of religious
and philosophical subjects, but of scientific as
well. For the remainder of the day he was a
guest of Dr. David Starr Jordan, with whom
he drove in the afternoon, going later to the
home of Mrs. Merriam.
In the evening Abdul-Baha spoke at the
Unitarian church. The impressive service
opened with soft music as Abdul-Baha entered
accompanied by the pastor, Mr. Reed, who
introduced him in the following words: "It is
a great privilege to have with us tonight one
who calls himself a Servant of God; one who
also is a great lover of mankind."
The theme of discourse was
"The Reality of Divinity." Mr. Reed closed
the service by saying:
feel that a man of God has spoken to
us tonight. I know no better way to close
the service than with a prayer; not a prayer
in spoken words, but a prayer in silence. Let
each person pray in his own way for the
coming of the universal religion, the religion
of love, the religion of peace--a religion of
the fullness of life." There was a moment's

