12 STAR OF
brief, it would be difficult to find, in tl1e
aggregate of people we met, any one who Was
dissatisfied. Some scholastic minds aimed only
at fruitless discussion. In Chicago we met
two clergymen,--delivering an address at the
church of one, and having dinner with the
other. Both manifested great love. Likewise
among all the people we met, not a single
soul arose in opposition or went away dis-
appointed.
Yesterday we met a group of important
people. One prominent in political circles
came with a Justice of the Supreme Court.
There were many ladies of the Diplomatic
Circle present. After we had spoken, the
politician referred to raised the point that
the foundation of all religions, from time
immemorial, had been peace, unity and accord,
-principles conducive to fellowship and uni-
fication,--yet Iesus, he declared, "had been the
cause of discord and strife and not a factor
in the cause of unity." "Therefore," he said,
cannot accept your statements and expla-
nations of religious betterment." 'When we
elucidated further, he said: "What you state
may cause me to change my views and accept."
During this time the Justice was sitting silent,
saying nothing. Fearing he might have some
feeling of dissatisfaction, we asked him if
anything presented had been objectionable to
his opinions. He replied: "Not at all! Not
at all! It's all right! It's all right This
is the characteristic expression of the Occi-
right! All right 1"
There were also present at this meeting sev-
eral Cabinet officers, United States Senators,
many from the Foreign Diplomatic Service,
Army and Navy officials, and other high dig-
nitaries. The servant of God, Mrs. Parsons,
endured much trouble, but was always active
and energetic in service, inviting important
and influential people to the gatherings, etc.
We spoke to all from their own standpoints,
with most satisfactory results,--Working day
and night, so there was very little time for
individual and private interviews.
In Washington, too, We called together a
meeting of the colored and white people.
The attendance was very large, the colored
people predominating. At our second gather-
ing this was reversed, but at the third meeting
We were unable to say which color predomi-
nated. These meetings were a great practical
lesson upon the unity of colors and races in
the Bahai teaching.
We said in part: "The black man must
ever be grateful toward the white man, for
THE WEST
the white man has manifested great manli-
ness, courage and self-sacrifice in behalf of
the colored race. Four years l1e fought their
cause, enduring great hardships, sacrificing
life, family, treasure,--a1l for his black brother,
until the great war ended in the proclamation
of freedom. By this effort and accomplish-
ment, the black race throughout the 
in all countries,--was benefited and influ-
enced. Had this not been accomplished, there
would be' no liberty for the black man in
Africa today. Therefore the black man every-
where should be grateful, for no greater evi-
dence of humanism and manliness could be
shown than the white man has displayed. If
the colored people of the United States should
forget this sacrifice, this zeal and .manhood
on the part of the Whites, no ingratitude could
be greater or more censurable. If they should
see the black people of Africa today, in their
native wretched state, then would the con-
trast between their state and the condition in
the Orient be apparent and the fact clearly
evident that the black man of the West enjoys
incomparable advantages. The comfort and
civilization under which you live is owing to
the white man's efforts and sacrifice. Had
this sacrifice not been made, you would still
be in the bonds and chains of slavery, scarcely
lifted out of your aboriginal condition. There-
fore always show forth your gratitude to the
white man. Eventually all differences will
disappear and you will completely win his
friendship.
"God makes no distinction between the White
and black. If the hearts are pure, both are
acceptable before Him. God is no respecter
of persons on account of their color or race.
All colors are acceptable to Him, be they
white, black or yellow. Inasmuch as from
the standpoint of humanity both were created
in the image of God, we must bring ourselves
to realize that both are as one and both
embody the Divine possibilities in humanity.
"If you go into a garden and find all the
flowers uniform in form, color and perfume;
if you find them all white, all yellow, or all
that better than to behold them varie-
gated, many-colored, different? It is the dif-
ference among them which lends charm to the
garden. Variety lends adornment and the
effect of decoration. In a flock of doves,
some are white, some black, red, 
they make no distinction among themselves.
All are doves, no matter what the color.
"This variety in forms and colors which is
visible in all the kingdoms is according to

