STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearbom Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9. 1911, at the post oflice at Chicago. Illinois. under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Ediiorial Slafl: ALBERT R. ZIA M. BAGDADI
i Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Terms: $1.50 per year; 15 cents per copy 
Nan further notice. distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Order: payable to P, 0. Box 283, Chicago, Ill" U, S. A.
T0 Dfilional checln please add suflicient lo cover the bani: exchange.
Address all communications to News SERVICE, iP.O.i Box 28IC3;PChicago, 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! nn IS 001)!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst .thou to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bi-1l1aIS' which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised-and become world-wide--and at last
thou sh-vlt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these rlenend upon firnmess, firmness,
firmn ess 
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Anus.
Vol. CV Jalal 1, 70 (April 9, 1914) No. 
PROGRAM OF ANNUAL CONVENTION: CHICAGO, APRIL 25th-28th
"In E-shkabad, the believers of -God made the erection of the Temple conducive to affinity
and unity, so that it really" became the cause of oneness of the Word. Ye, also, make the
erection of the Temple in America conducive to the unity and oneness of the 
the maid~servants and servants of the that with one thought and one aim they
engage themselves in the building of the Temple."
Extract from Tablet revealed by Abdul-Baha.
SATURDAY, APRIL 25
Northern 
and Iackson Streets, from 9 a. m. to 6. p. 111.
Luncheon for active and honorary members of
the Executive Board of Bahai Temple Unity,
at the home of Mrs. Corinne True, 5338 Ken-
more Avenue, at 12 o'cl0ck; followed by a
Reception from 4 to 6 p. to delegates,
Visiting friends and the Chicago Bahai A5-
sembly.
Feast of El-Rizwan, in the "Noontide Club,"
corner of Michigan and 12th Street, second
floor, at 8 p. m.
SUNDAY, APR1L 26
Morning--An opportunity for the friends to
visit the Mashrak-el--Azkar grounds, ll a. n1.
public sacred service, held in St.
]ohn's Hall, Masonic Temp-le at 3 p. 111.
MONDAY, APRIL 27
Sessions of the Convention of the Tem-
ple Unity, held morning and afternoon, in
Co-rinthian hall, Masonic Temple.
Public hall-, Northwestern
University building, southeast corner Lake
and Dearborn streets, second floor, at 8 p. m.
TUESDAY, APRIL 28
Sessions -of the Convention held morning and
afternoon, in Corinthian hall, Masonic Tem-
ple.
Public Meeting--Assembly hall, Northwestern
University building 8 p. n1.
NEW 
A letter from N. R. Vakil, of India, states
that D. Gopaul Cihetty, the editor of The New
Refow/new', p-u-blishcd in Madras, has helped
the Cause greatly through publishing articles
on the Revelation. It has been suggested that
a few friends in different parts, who can afford
to do so, subscribe for the magazine. The
subscription is about two dollars per year.
OUR PERSIAN this issue con-
tains: Talk by Abd'ul~Bvaha for a London pub-
lication; (2) Tablet to Sheikh Mohei-el-Din;
(3) Address by Shcikh Mohei-el-Din; (4)
Poetic record of the death 'of Mirza Abul-Fazl;
(5) Significance of Religion; (6) Science and
Character: (7) War and Peace.

