STAR OF THE WEST 261
of creation a11d the Creator. Or, if we should
declare that a time may come when there will
be a cessation of divine bounties we should
virtually deny the existence of Divinity. It is
as though man should conceive of a king with-
out country, army, treasury and all that con-
stitutes sovereignty or kingdom. Is it possible
to conceive of such a sovereign? A king must
be possessed of a do1ni11io11, of an army, and
of all that appertains to sovereignty in order
that his sovereignty may be a reality. Even
so is it with the reality of divinity, which
Consider how great has been the progress in
this radiant century. Civilization has devel-
oped. Nations have developed. Industrialism
and jurisprudence have developed. Sciences,
inventions and discoveries have developed. All
of these show that the world of existence is
continuously progressing and developing, and
therefore assuredly the virtues characterizing
the maturity of man must likewise develop
and grow.
The greatest bestowal of God to man is the
capacity to attain human virtues. Hence the
Addresses
Monday Ewnirm. Jpri! 19M
Chairman, D1. W. D'Evrr.rN, San Fnncisco
Introduction: The Bahai Congress and its Purpose
The Origin and Fundamental Principles
oi the Bahai Movement
Ml. I-loorzn Hnuls, New York
Tumiay Evening, ilpril 
Cluirmm, Mn. MoInrn'on1' Mu.u, New York
Material and Spiritual Evolution of Mankind
Mn. 1-lownu MADNUTT, New Yon-ii
E-inning, Jpril 21:1
Mr-. Evwum B, New York
The Unbiased Investigation of Truth
The Ultimate Conformity of>> Science and Religion
Mn. Boon: New York
The Underlying Unity of all Faiths
Mn. Hownn C. Iva, New'York
/{pr-17 222111
Chairman, Mn. Hnxutl F. Ouu, Dublin, New Rainpshire
The Oneness of the Cycles of the Manifestations
Mn. WILLIAM H. Hon, Fulwood, New jeney
The Elimination of Prejudice as an Essential Factor
in Human Progress
M1. josnru I-1. Hzmutfl, Washington, D- C.
Friday Evening, 23rd
Chairman, Mn. Wmnusr, Chicago
The Bahai Movement in Relation to Economic
and Social Problems
Ml. Anna Luur, Boston
The Establishment of Bahai Institutions for
Humnnitarian Service
- Mn. Ansrr H. HALL, Nlinneilpolis
Saturday Ewning, 
Clliirman, Mu. Enwm T. Coorzn, San Francisco 1
Equality of Men and Women i
Universal Education 
'Universal Language
Mn F. Oasn, Dublin, New  
The Mysterious Forces of Civilization 
Mn. R. Wuanus-r, Chicago 

Sunday Evening, 25:5
Chairman, Mn. Witum C. RALSTON, San Francine 
Universal Peace 
MIIZA Au Kuu Kl-um, Washinglon, D. C. 
Reproduction of pages two and three official program International Bahai Congress
comprehends all virtues. The sovereignty
thereof is everlasting, and the creation thereof
is without beginning and without end.
Among the bounties of God is revelation.
Hence revelation is progressive and continuous.
It never ceases. It is necessary that the reality
of divinity, with all its perfe-ctions and attri-
butes, should become resplendent in the human
world. The reality of divinity is like an end-
less ocean. Revelation is akin to the rain.
Can you imagine the cessation of rain? Ever
on the face of the earth, somewhere, rain is
pou-ring down.
In short, the world of existence is progres-
sive. It is subject to development and growth.
teachings of religion must be reformed and de-
veloped, because past teachings are not suit-
able for the present time. For example, the
sciences of bygone ages will not do for the
present, because sciences have undergone re-
form. The industrialism of the past will not
insure present efficiency, because industrialism
has advanced. The laws of the past must be
reformed, because they are not applicable to
this time. All material conditions pertaining
to the world of humanity have undergone re-
form and have achieved development, and the
institutes of the past are not to be compared
with them. The laws and institutes of former
governments cannot be current today, for legis-

