HE IS 
thou herald of the Kingdom of Cod!
Thy detailed letter was received. Its contents indicated that thou
didst travel in the cities of America and visited the friends of God until thou
didst reach the general Convention held in Chicago for the building of the
Mashralc-el-Azkar. In thy letter thou hast written in praise and commenda~
tion of the illumination of that Convention. Truly, Isay, the Convention of
the Bahai delegates in Chicago was a heavenly gathering and confirmed by
Divine Assistance. The Splendor of the Kingdom of ABHA shone forth and
the soul-refreshing Breeze wafted from the direction of Providence. It was
an Effulgence from the Rays of the Sun of Truth that the friends of God
gathered in that- illumined Assembly with the utmost love, unity and concord.
The intentions of everyone were reinforced by Divine Confirmation, the aim
of everyone was service in the Cause of God, servitude in the Threshold of
the Almighty and the erection of the 
The results of that Convention in the future will be far-reaching and
most important, and evident signs shall become manifest. As itwas the first
general Bahai--Convention in America, it displayed wonderful influence. The
gathering of that illumined Assembly "in such a short space of time would
have been impossible without 'the Power of the Divine Covenant and Testa-r
ment. But The Covenant has such a great sway that it astonishes the minds.
In every region the sign of the Power of the Covenant is apparent and mani-
fest.
For instance: In Persia the fire of revolution blazed in such wise that
all communities, government and nation became afflicted with the most severe
trials; but the Power of the Covenant protected the Bahai friends to such a
degree that in this turbulent storm no dust fell upon' them, except in one local~
ity, which became the cause of the spreading of the Religion of God and the
diffusion of the Word of God. Now all-the parties in Persia are wondering
how the people of Baha were guarded and protected.
Praise be to God! that in Teheran, and all the provinces of Persia,
the Call of God has been raised, the Ensign of the Covenant has been un-
furled, the cry of "Ya--Bal1a--el~ABHAl" has been heard and the melody of
the Kingdom of ABHA has been promulgated among the people of intelli-
gence. .
ABBAS.
Extract from a Tablet to Mr. Howard
MacNutt, translated by Mirza Ahmad
Sohrah, August I4, I909.

