STAR OF THE WEST 73
BAHAI STUDENTS OF BEIRUT VISIT ABDUL-BAHA
Syrian Protestant College, Beirut, Syria, May 2, 1914.
Editors of STAR or THE Spiritual assembly of Beirut decided to begin tc contribute to
your honorable STAR or THE WEST. This idea has been suggested by some prominent Bahais who thought
and were persuaded that by contributing to your paper we can benefit the readers and subscribers and
widen the sphere of their information regarding this part of the world.
Our visit to the Holy lliouiltain offers an interestng subject as our first contribution; therefore, one of
the students, Mr. Bushrui, consented to write an article about ou_r latest visit to Haifa. The-rein he gives
a glirnpse of the first day of our visit. . . . . Hop-ing that it will be in accordance with your desire,
EF ORE the beginning of the Easter Vaca-
tion the Bahai students of the Syrian
Pro-tes-taut College at Beirut, felt that the
best way to refresh the body and mind from the
daily routine of life was to see the charming
face of Abdul-Baha, the Center of the Covenant.
The Balm-i As.;em.bly of Beirut.
tion all the students had the great blessing of
seeing the Beloved Abdul-Baha. The four par-
ties were in the process of going and coming
beginning from April 6th to April 22nd, which
marks the resuming of the academic Work for
the remainder of the year.
God! implore Thee with throbbing heart 1
and streaming tears, to aid each one who endeavors
for the erection of the House of the LORD 
el-Azkar), the Building wherein Thy Name is mentioned every
morn and eve. Send down Thy benediction on whomsoever
endeavors for the uprising of this Edifice among the sects and
religions, and confirm him in every good deed oi mankind; open 
. . . . 
the doors oi l'lCl'16S and wealth unto lum and make him an 1n- 
the waves of grace and favor.
Bountiful 
ll
heritor oi the treasures oi the Kingdom which perish not; make
him the sign oi giving among the peoples and reinforce him by
the sea of Thy generosity and bounty, which is surging with
Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Merciful and the .
ABBAS.
Vv'ith this end in view, his permission for a visit
to Haifa was solicited. The number of the
Bahai students in the College is twenty-seven
and the duration of the Easter vacation was
sixteen days.
On account of the large number of pilgrims
in Haifa coming from different parts of the
world, wisdom demanded that we should io-rm
four parties, each of which could stay at Haifa
for {our days at least. This arrangement was
convenient and during the sixteen days of vaca-
Vl/'e have a Persian saying the purport of
which is that you can never compare that which
you have seen with what you have heard. This
saying is especially true when one is blessed
by seeing Abdul-Baha. It is airnost impos-
sible to utter what one sees. You are in a
spiritual eiwironment, sur-rounded by it, feel it,
and yet unable to express it. This is naturally
expected, for ho-W can the inward feelings and
emotions be expressed in words? The environ-
ment in wlh-ich Abdul-Baha is found is spiritual

