  flute;-national flixpnsifinn
fiunfienliuns
fiat: 
1315
glntermttinmtl finalist 
The Bahai Movement
A universal movement having for its purpose
the bestowal of economic, social and .
spiritual unity upon the world
of humanity
$11115: nfierg Qifiming hurting the fink of
dipril tn Zfiflg inchuifi:
id 8 n':ln:k
gmnimraun at the Olibic Qlmter
Grove and llarkin Streets 3
Reproduction of page one oificial program
International Bahai Congress
April 19th to 25th, 1915. inclusive,
San Francisco
become distinguished in all degrees, for the
virtues of humanity and possibilities of ad-
vancement are boundless. There is no end to
them, and whatever be the degree to Which
humanity may attain there are always degrees
beyond. There is no phenomenon in the con-
tingent realm of which it can be said, "Beyond
this state of being and perfection there is no
other," or "This has achieved the sup-erlative
degree." No matter how perfect it may appear
to be there is still a greater degree of attain-
ment to he reached. Hence, no matter how
much humanity may advance there are higher
degrees to be attained, because virtues are un-
limited. There is an end for everything save
virtues, and although this country has achieved
extraordinary progress I hope that its attain-
ment may be even greater, for the divine
bounties are unlimited.
There are some who believe that the divine
bounties are subject to cessation. For example,
they think that the revelation of God, the efful-
gence of God, and the bounties of God have
ended. This is self-evidently a mistaken no-
tion, for none of these is subject to termina-
tion. The reality of -divinity is like unto the
260 STAR OF THE WEST
sun, and revelation is like unto the rays thereof.
Hence, if we should assert that the bounties
of God 'are not everlasting, then we are forced
to believe that divinity can come to an end,
whereas the reality of divinity comprehends all
the virtues, and by reason of these bounties is
perfect. Were it not possessed of all these
perfections or virtues it could not be divinity.
The sun is the sun because of its rays, light
and heat. Could it be dispossessed of them
it could not be the sun. Therefore, if we say
that the divinity or sovereignty of God is acci-
dental and subject to termination, we must
perforce think that divinity itself is accidental,
Without foundation, and not essential.
God is the Creator. The word "creator"
presupposes, or connotes creation. God is the
Provider. The word "provider" connotes re-
cipients of provision. Another name for the
Creator is the Resuscitator, which demands
creatures to be resuscitated. If he be not the
Provider, how could we conceive of creatures
to receive His bounty? If He- be not the Lord,
how could we conceive of subjects? If He be
not the Knower, how could we conceive of
those known? Hence, if We should say that
there was a time in past ages when God was
not possessed of His creation, or that there was
a beginning for the World, it would be a denial
PRESIDENT
on. w. n-xvzum. rm" Iflli-ill. sun n.-an
VICE-PRESIDEN TS
ML ALIIRT DAWSON. Ilitor Chtilhn Landau
HR. MOUNTTOXT MILLSWILHELH. 101 Wall Sufllfi New Yuri 
Mk. CHARLES MASON 85:7 New Humhlre Ave. Wadilnmn
M. DIEYYUS-IAKNIY. 15 Inc 
HIRR HEKIICIL lull
II. 
Ill. WIIJJAII u. 1L4 sure Sana loin
MK GZQIGZ LHCH. 2N0 310-lid: Are" 
DL M- Mural" chbfi
nun mcnl. kin. nu-as
Ml. wmum s. mxwsu. 11s Hue Am. Mums!
KHDDADAD HQKIH. id Yllfi Sllis 
MI. CHAI-LE R. GIEENLEAE 1?16  
mu. ALIZXT 1-1. Nev York use mun:-1. Mu-auxin
nu. ozone: 12 mini>>. Tobi
SECRETARY
mm. wu.u/us c. nus-run. ms Ion Siren. Incl ms. su 
Reproduction of page four otficial program

