STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post ofl-ice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Edueluiz sh}? ALBERT R. 21A M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: Amman Sons.-us
Terms: $1.50 per year; 15 cents per copy
Non- Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill" U, S. A.
To personal checks please add suflicient to cover the bank exchange.
t-I "iirrcii I
Address all Communications to BAHAI News SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! an IS con! 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and'sha1t spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these denend upon firmness. firmness.
firmness! (Signed) Anus.
Vol. Massa'ul 1, 70 (December 12, 1914-) No. 15
WORDS OF ABDUL-BAHA TO THE REGARDING THEIR ATTEND-
ANCE AT THE PANAMA PACIFIC INTERNATIONAL
EXPOSITION IN SAN FRANCISCO IN 1915
From Tablet Dated July I2, IQII.
"The future of California, whether in regard to its material affairs or its
spiritual affairs, is very important. It is 1ny hope that the people of California
may become the sous and daughters of the Kingdom, and be the means of pro-
moting the religion of God.
"Regarding the Exposition of 1915 which will be inaugurated in San Fran-
cisco, America, undoubtedly from now on the Bahais must arrange and prepare
ways and means so that a great number of them may be present on that occasion."
From Tau-blelt Dated April I4, I914.
"The believers oi God from now o-n must think about going to the Panama-
Pacific International Exposition (in San Francisco). Every one goes to the
Exposition either for amusement, or recreation, or in the hope of obtaining com-
mercial benefits. But you, who are the believers of God, enter the Exposition
with the desire to summon the people to the divine Kingdom, and hope to
receive the breaths of the Holy Spirit."
WITH UPON MOUNT CARMEL
BY CHARLES MASON REMEY.
EFORE leaving Egypt for Syria, both
the 'United States consular agent and
Cook's representative in Port Said tried
to discourage Mr. Latimer and me from going
into Turkish country, for they knew that War
was imminent. However, we had Abdul-
B'aha's instructions to come to Haifa by the
most feasible route; so we le-it Egypt by the
first steamer bound for the Syrian ports.
Upon our arrival in Haifa we found that
the troubled condition of the land had not
been exaggerated. The mobilization of the
army had been on for some time. All the
foreign post offices were closed; the banks
were also shut; consequently business was a1--
most at a standstill, and the mass' of the PQQPIQ
were under the spell of war panic.
In the midst of all the unrest and confusion
we found Abdul-Baha serene, calm and,peace-
ful. After sending to a place of safety in the

