250 STAR OF THE WEST
among_ all rnankind, and secondly is the Most
Great Peace. Praise be to God, this American
democracy presents capacity, showing forth
its readiness to become the flag-bearer of the
Most Great Peace. May they be the hosts
of the oneness of humanity. May its people
serve the Threshold of God and spread that
which is the pleasure of God!
Prayer.
Thou kind Lord! This gathering is
turning to Thee. The hearts are radiant
through Thy love. The thoughts and the
spirits are exhilarated through Thy Glad-Tid-
ings. God! Let this American democracy
become glorious in spiritual degrees even as
it has aspired to the material degrees, and
render this just government victorious! Con-
firm this revered natio-n to hoist the standard
of the Oneness of I-Iunianity; to promulgate
the Most Great Peace; to become thereby
most glorious and piraiseworthy among all the
nations of the world. God! This Ameri-
can nation is worthy of Thy Favors and -is
deserving of Thy Mercy. Make it dear, near
to Thee, through Thy Bounty and Bestowal!
or ABDUL--BAHA AT TI-IE DEDICATION
or THE Gnounns, CH1-
CAGO, HIGH Noon, 1, 1912.
ODAY you have endured considerable
difficulty in coming out, withstanding the
cold and wind; but the power which has
gathered you here is truly a colossal power.
It is the extraordinary power. It is a Divine
Power which gathers you hither. It is the
Divine Favor of which gathered
you together. Therefore we praise God that
this power does assemble people in this fashion.
fashion.
Thousands of 
means the Dawning-Points of Praise for all
religionists,--will be built in the world. In the
Orient and in the Occident of the world will
they be built. But this Mashrak-el-Azkar,
being the first one in the Occident, has
great importance. In after years there will
be many Mashrak-el-Azkars, even in this City
of Chicago many will be established. In Asia
there will be many. In Europe there will
be many. Even in Africa there will be many.
Even in Australia and New Zealand; but this
is of great importance. In Ishkabad, Cau-
casus, Russia, the Mashrak-el-Azkar has the
same great importance, being the first one
built there. In Persia there are many
Mashrak-el-Azkars. Some were houses which
have been rented for that purpose. Others
have given their homes entirely for that
purpose, and -in some places temporary and
small places have been built therefor. In
all the cities of Persia there are Mashral<-el-
Azkars; but tl1e great Mashrak-el-Azkar was
founded in Ishkabad. Because it was the first
Mashrak-el-Azkar, it possesses the superla-
tive degree of importance. All the friends
of Ishkabad agreed and put forward the
greatest effort. I-Iis holiness the Afnan de-
voted all his wealth to it. Everything he had
he gave for it. I-Ience such a tremendous
edifice was built. A colossal effort was put
for-ward. Notwithstanding their contributions
to that Mashrak-el-Azkar, they have, as you
know, contributed to the one here in this city.
Now that one is almost complete, that is to
say, with all its gardens. That Mashrak-el-.
Azkar is centrally located. It has nine ave-
nues, nine gardens, nine fountains, so it is
nine on nine, all nines. It is like a beautiful
bouquet. ]ust imagine an edifice of that beauty
in the center, very lofty, surrounded by gar-
dens, variegated flowers, with nine avenues
interlacing nine gardens, nine pools and nine
fountains, and think how delightful it must
be! That is the way -it should be. It is match-
less, most beautiful! Such is the design. And
now they are at work building a Hospital and
a School for Orphans and a Home for Crip-
ples and a large Dispensary and a Hospice.
They are now planning, thinking of these
things. When that, God willing, shall be com-
plete, it will be a Paradise! There will be
no greater geometry than this, and I hope that
in Chicago it shall be like this. It will be
even so.

OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue contains: (1) Tablet from Abdul-
Baha "The Voice of Universal Peace," published in the London Times; (2) talk
by Abdul-Baha delivered in the Unitarian Church at San Francisco in 1912; (3)
translation of article published in the Daily Chronicle, San Francisco; (4)
Bahai Convention to be held at the Panama--Pacific Exposition in 1915.

