STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as matter April 9. 1911, at the post ofiice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3,1879.
mm t" I "Ii
Editorial Sfafi: ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE ZIA M. BAGDADI
ig iilflonorary ftlember: AHMAD Somuuaf i if if
Terms: $1.50 per year; 15 cents per copy
Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SILRVICI, P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, U, S. A.
To penonal checln please add sufficient to cover the bani exchanqe.
in 7 
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDULBAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS eon! 
Be thou happyl Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere.Iong, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form. is Small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all tl165e_depC11cI upon fiwnaesr, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) Aiinun-Bamt ABBAS.
I jg Olal, 70 (March 2,1915)  No.19
THE QUESTION WHETHER ALL SOULS
ENJOY ETERNAL 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
To his honor Mr. Remey--Up0n him be 
HE IS 
thou -who art rejoiced by the Dioi-me Glad-tidings!
Verily I have received thy last letter, and thanked God that thou didst reach Paris
protected and guarded by Him. Thank thou God that assisted thee to behold the brilliant
faces of the believers of God, and favored thee to meet them in American countries; for
verily, bcholding those shining countenances is a divine gift. By it, the hearts are dilated.
the souls are rejoiced, and the spirits are attracted toward the Supreme Concourse.
Do not lament over the departure of my dearly--beloved Breakwell. For verily, he has
ascended to the luminous Rose--Garden in the ABHA Kingdom, near the mercy of his Lord,
the Almighty, and is crying out with the loudest voice, that my people knew how my
Lord hath forgiven me, and made me one of those who have attained to the meeting of
God!"
 --
my beloved! VVhere is thy beautiful countenance, and where is thy eloquent
tongue? Vi/'11ere is thy radiant brow, and where is thy brilliant face?
Breakwell! my beloved! VVhere is thy enkindlement with the fire of the Love of
God, and where is thy attraction to the Fragrances of God? Vi/"here is thy utterance for
the glorification of God, and Where is thy rising in the service of God?
my dear! Breakwell! Where are thy bright eyes, and where are thy smiling lips?
VVl1ere are thy gentle cheeks, and where is thy graceful stature?
my dear! Breakwell! Verily thou hast abandoned this transitory World, and
soared upward to the Kingdom, hast attained to the Grace of the Invisible Realm, and
sacrificed thyself to the Threshold of the Lord of Might!
my adored one! Breakwell! Verily thou hast left behind this physical lamp, this
human glass, these elements, and this enjoyment.
my adored one! Breakwell! Then thou hast ignited a light in the Glass of the
Supreme Concourse, hast entered in the Paradise of art protected under the shade
of the Blessed Tree, and hast attained to the meeting (of the True One) in the abode of
Paradise.

