262 STAR OF
lation must be in conformity with the needs
and requirements of the body politic at this
time.
This has been the case also with the religious
teachings that so long were given in the tem-
ples and churches, because they were not based
upon the fundamental principles of the re-
ligions of God. In other words, the founda-
tion of the divine religions had become ob-
scured and certain non-essentials had crept in;
that is, the kernel of religion had apparently
disappeared and only the shells remained. Con-
sequently it was necessary that the fundamental
basis of all religious teaching should be re-
stored, that the sun of reality which had set
should rise once again, that the springtime
which had refreshed the arena of life in ages
gone by should appear once more, that the
rain which had ceased should descend again,
that the breezes which had become stilled
should blow once more.
Therefore His Holiness ap-
peared from the horizon of the Orient and re-
established the essential foundation of the re-
ligious teachings of the world. The worn-out
traditional beliefs current among men were re-
moved. He caused fellowship and love to
exist once again among the representatives of
various religions and denominations. Among
the various contending religions he caused love
to obtain. He created a remarkable state of
amity among hostile sects. He up-held the
banner of the oneness of the world of hu-
manity. He laid the foundation for inter-
national peace. He caused the hearts to be
cemented together. He conferred new life
upon the peoples of the East.
Among the hostile religious sects of the
Orient, those who have followed the teachings
of associate with one another in
amity and good fellowship. No one says, 
am a Frenchman," am a German," am an
Englishman," am a Turk," or am a
Persian." No one says, am a Mussulman,"
am still hidebound and fettered with the
traditional beliefs of dogmatic Christianity,"
am still a follower of Talmudic supersti-
tions," or am a Zoroastrian and hence an
opposer of all other religions." On the con-
trary, all have been rescued from religious,
racial, political and patriotic prejudice, and
are now associating with one another in amity
and love, to the extent that if a man were to
attend one of their representative gatherings
he would be unable to find any distinction be-
THE WEST
tween the Christian and the Mohammedan, the
Iew and the Zoroastrian, the Persian and the
Turk, or the Arab and the European. There
is no distinction of that character, for the
meetings are based upon the fundamentals of
religion, and therefore good fellowship has al-
ready been established.
In brief, the time of ferocity has passed
away. The centuries of sectarianism have
 3 I 4/
re.-is 
Abdul-Baha leaving the First Unitarian Church,
San Francisco. after addressing the cong'rega.tiOn,
Sunday morning, October 5. 1912
ended. The periods of inadvertence have gone
by. The mediaeval ages of ignorance have
ceased to exist.
Verily the century of radiance has dawned.
Minds are advancing. Perceptions are becom-
ing keen. Conceptions of human possibilities
are becoming universal. Susceptibilities are
developing. The discovery of realities is pro-
gressing. Hence it is necessary that we should
cast aside all the prejudices of ignorance and
superannuated traditional beliefs of past ages,
and hoist aloft the banner of international
peace. Let us co-operate with one another in
love, and through reciprocity enjoy eternal
happiness and peace.

