STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the _sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences ot race he annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strites,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Asma 1, 70 (August 1, 1914) No. 8
UNIVERSAL PEACE
Questions asked of and answers given by Abdul-Baha Abbas
From the Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, May 11-14, 1914.
of the world of humanity?"
Answ-er." Today in the World of hu
manity the most important matter is the ques-
tion of Universal Peace. The realization of
this principle i.s the crying need of the time.
People have become restive and d-iscontented.
The political world of every civilized nat-ion
has become a vast arena for the exhibition of
militarism and the display of martial spirit.
The minds of the statesmen and Cabinet Min-
isters of every government are chiefly occu-
pied with the question of war, and the coun-
cil chambers are resounding with the call to
war. Self--interes-t is at the bottom of every
war. Greed, commerce, exploitation, the
pus-hing further of the boundaries of the king-
dom, colonization, the preservation -of the
treaty rights, the safeguarding of the lives
and interests of the citizens, are a few of the
pretexts o-f going into war. And it has been
proven by experience that the results of War
are ruinous, both to the -conquerors and the
conquered. Countries are laid waste, public
property trampled under foot, commerce is
paralyzed, fields crimsoned with innocent
blood, and the progress of the world retarded.
How can a person rectify a wrong by com-
mitting a greater the blood
of his brothers? The major part of the reve-
nue of every country is expended over mili-
tary preparations, infernal engines, the filling
of arsenals with powder and s-hot, the con-
struction of rapid-firing guns, the building of
fortifications and soldiers' barracks and the
annual maintenance of the army and navy.
From the peasants upward every class of so-
ciety is heavily taxed to feed this insatiable
monster of W-ar. The poor people have wrested
from them all that they make with the sweat
of their brows and the labor of their hands.
"In reality War is continuous. The moral
effect of the expend-itures of these colossal
QUES TI ON "What is the greatest need
sums of money for military purposes is just
as deteriorating as the actual war and its train
of dreadful carnage and horrors. The ideal
and floral forces of the contending parties be-
come barbaric and bestial, the spiritual powers
are stunted and the laws of divine civilization
are disregarded. Such a financial drain ossi-
fies the veins and muscles of the body-politic,
and congeals the delicate sensibilities of the
spirit.
"There is not the least doubt that the nation
or the government which puts forward an ex-
traordinary effort in the promotion of Uni-
versal Peace, will be encircled with Divine
Confirmations, and will be the object of honor
and respect among all the inhabit-ants of the
earth. Such an action will become conducive
to the prosperity and well-being of mankind.
Concerning this question of Universal Peace,
fifty years ago His Ho-lines-s 
wrote to all the Sovereigns and Monarchs of
the world, explaining in detail the benefits of
peace and the evils of bloodshed. Among
other things He hath said: 'Originally man-
kind was one family, united and compact; later
the members of this happy family were
divided and subdivided through ignorance and
prejudice. N-ow the time has come again for
their final unification. Universal Peace will
bring about this long-Wished-for consumma-
tion.'
"Once the Parliament of Man is established
and its constituent parts organized, the gov-
ernments of the world having entered into a
covenant of will have no
need of keeping large standing armies and
navies. A few battalions to preserve internal
order, and an International Police to keep the
highways of the seas clear, are all that will be
necessary. Then these huge sums will be di-
verted to other more useful channels, pauper-
ism will disappear, knowledge will increase,
the victories of Peace will be sung by poets

