STAR OF THE WEST
NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post oflice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Editorial Stafl': ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: AHMAD SOHRAB
Terms: $1.50 per year; 15 cents per copy
Note --Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, Ill,, U, S. A.
To personal checln please add suficient to cover the banl: exchangeAddress all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAI-IA.
thou Star of the West! ma IS cop! 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are 'limited,
thy form_ is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena; will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will he raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness.
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA A3355-
Vol. Rahmat 1, 70 (June 24, 1914) No. 6

1/  {I//fifliw 

#7 
PERSIAN-AMERICAN EDUCATIONAL
SOCIETY
Dr. Moody sends a photograph, which I am enclosing,
of three boys who are awaiting the favor of the Society.
She writes about them as follows:


"These three boys who need tuition belong in the district ..
of the Branch Tarbiat, and are free scholars at present.
The father of center one is ill and poor, but manages to
buy pencils and paper. The others live with old grand-
father--no parents--very poor. Their brother is in Central
Tarbiat on our list. I have advanced money for the pen-
cils, for these two."
We hope that the STAR OF THE WEST in an early edition
can publish this photograph, with an appeal for benefactors
for these boys. It has been found heretofore that the op-
portunity of seeing the boys who are in need has usually
brought forth a generous response.
(Signed) JOSEPH H. HANNEN,
P. O. Box 192, Washington, D. C.
Three boys awaiting favor of Society
(Boy standing is paid for by parents)
NEWS FROM TEHERAN, PERSIA
TEHERAN there are meetings daily in
I every quarter of the city. There are sev-
eral spiritual or working assemblies both-
of men and women separately, and notably
among these is the Dars-e Akhlagh"
or assembly of moral teachings,-
whose work should prove interesting to read-
ers of the STAR or THE 
This is a band of perhaps fifteen young men
between twenty and thirty years of age, which
was established about five years ago and from
the center here, as business or other affairs
called members to other cities, branches were
established and carried on'--if not by the pio-
neer himself, by another selected from that par-
ticular city. So there are now branches in
Mazandaran, Barfarush, Kashan, Kazvin,
Esphahan and Hamadan. The latter was es-
tablished by Agha Seyed Hassen-e Shearkat,
who was one of the founders of the central

