STAR OF THE WEST 137
Men and Women; (7) Prejudice of all kinds
must be forgotten; (8) Universal Peace; (9)
All humankind must partake of Knowledge and
Education; (10) Solution o-f the Economic
Problem; (ll) Organization of the House of
]ustice;--and last, but in reality the most im-
porta'nt--the "Most Great Characteristic": The
unique Covenant entered into
with all the people of the world regarding the
Interpreter of I-Iis Teachings, known as (12)
"The (Center of the Covenant," whereby He
made provision against all kinds of diferences,
so that no one should be able to create a new
ferred, they said: "There is no strife between
us; the trouble is between our herdsmen."
S0 it has been with the Religionists of the
world who quarreled and fought, notwitl1stand-
ing their Leaders were at peace, were men of
peace, and strictly forbade strife, sedition and
killing.
The critics of Religion have asserted that
those who professed to teach' love and peace
were the stirrers up of war; also that the most
terrible -of all strife was that of religious strife.
They were right. The beginning of strife
among humankind has been among the follow-
IS THE TIME OF 
To the Maid-servant of God, Mrs. Isabella D. Brittingham, New York.
Upon her be 
HE IS con!
thou who art firm in the Covenant!
Thy letter was received. According to the clear text of the Book of Alaclas and the
explicit contents of the Book of the Covenant, Abdul-Baha is the Interpreter of all the
Works and Books of the Blessed Perfection, and not only of the Book of Akdas. This
question is clear and evident to those who are informed of the Writings and Tablets
(of Were th-is not the case, every one would have given an interpreta-
tion according to his own inclination and considered his interpretation preferable to
the interpretation of would naturally lead to great differences. If some
one interprets one verse of the Verses of God, and his interpretation is not approved
by Abdul-Baha, it is not authoritative.
Now is not the time for interpretation. This is the time of teaching. All the be-
lievers must nnloose the tongue of teaching the -Cause of God. For teaching is the
cause of the guidance of all the inhabitants of the earth; tleac-hing ts the means ofl the'
illumination of mankind; teaching is conducive to the enlightenment of the world of
humanity; teaching is promotive of the confirmations of the Breaths of the Holy
Spirit. This is the most great afair!
(elucidation) and not on interpretation.
. Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrad,
Iuly 12, 1914, home of Abdul-Baha,
Mount Carmel, Haifa, Syria.
But if a so-ul on reading one of the blessed verses utters an explanation which
does not harm the Cause, do not oppose him; for his talk is 'based upon explanation
Upon thee be 
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA--ABBAS.
sect, thus closing the greatest door to war and
hell, for war is literally hell.
The Mouthpieces of the Will and Word o-f
God--His Manifestations>>--have spoken clearly
and unmistakably regarding quarreling and
fighting. Moses declared: "Thou shalt not
kill Jesus said, "If a m-an smite thee on one
cheek turn to him the other al-so." There is
no misunderstanding between these two Mani-
festations regarding this point. The quarreling
and fighting has always been between the fol-
lowers, the hirelings, the underlings. You will
recall the story of the strife between the herds-
men of Abraham's- cattle and the herdsmen -of
Lot's cattle. VVhen Abraham and Lot con-
ers of a Prophet. If one will sift the matter
to its source, it will be seen that it has been
so. The first picture to blot the page of history
in the Adamic cycle is that of Cain slaying his
brother Abel. All strife and _war began at a
certain time after the departure of the Prophet,
due to a difference of interpretation and a split
among the followers resulting therefrom; the
dissenters set themselves up in opposition, and
a strife of words led to a struggle at arms and
the employing of implements of 
first crude and finally complex. In a word:
Peace gave way to war; hell was set up in
place of heaven.
Consider then, that the very cause of a repe-

