S4 STAR OF THE WEST
diverse opinions, to the degree that health-
bestowing Life-force shall pulsate in every one
of our hearts, and accomplish its divine pur-
pose."
Mrs. Annie L. Parmerton, of Cincinnati, next
called upon, gave loving greetings, then ask-ed
to be excused, having spoken the previous
evening.
Mr. William H. Hoar, representing Jersey
City, then spoke, and beautifully referred to
his early experiences in Bahai work in Chi-
cago, saying: "Chicago is to me the house of
my father. My thought today is, in the words
of the Holy One, son, give Me thy heart.'
For man has only his heart to give. All else
God has for Himself, for He is the ruler
over all the earth 'and all that therein is.'
Nevertheless through the freedom of the wi-ll
which He has bestowed upon man, man pos-
sesses power to withhold his heart from God.
This is a tremendous fact, yet how sad a thing
it can become. So, as We came penniless and
naked into the world, our hearts our only pos-
session, controlling only this rarest of treas-
ures, the free-will, let us now render up the
only thing we our hearts, to God;
and if this be done rest assured that this coun-
try will be swept from East to West by the
power of the Ho-ly Spirit." . . .
Mrs. Mariam Haney of Washingto-n, D. C.,
followed with a rare collection of passages
from the Holy Writings of and
Abdul-Baha. Speaking of the outer separa-
tion of the friends in the different cities she
said: "Bahais have a conscious realization of
spiritual union, and we are happy that God
mercifully permits us to feel and acknowledge
the spiritual relationship. . . . What then
gives a Bahai the courage to words
into deeds? A Bahai takes the \/Vord of God
revealed today by and Abdul-
Baha and feeds his soul upon it. That Word
has in it a creative power which resurrects,
recreates, transforms. Through the power of
the Life-giving utterances, they are possessed
of courage and long to put into practice the
Commands and Exhortations of the Living
LORD. Listen to this Word of 
'Hear the Voice of God and do not compare
this Day with any other Day, neither the won-
derful sweet Words of God with any other
words; look to the apparent matters with thine
own eye, and do not follow anyone in know-
ing the Greatest and Brilliant Orb.' And
again, this wonderful Word of Abdul-Baha:
'We must regard the blood of man as sacred.
We must not. shed the ho-ly blood of man for
the paltry earth. must all agree upon one
fundamental principle. That principle is the
oneness of the kingdom of humanity. In this
age has breathed the Holy Spirit
into the -dead body of the world. Conse-
quently every weak soul is strengthened by
these fresh, Divine Out-breathings. Every
poor man will, become rich, every darkened
soul will become illumined, every ignorant one
will become wise because the confirmations of
the oly Spirit are descending like unto tor-
rents. A new era of Divine Consciousness is
upon us. The World of humanity is going
th.rough a process o-f transformation. A new
race is being developed. The thoughts of hu-
man brotherhood are permeating all regions.
New ideals are stirring the depths of hearts,
and a new spirit of Universal Consciousness is
being profoundly felt by all men.' . . .
Mrs.. Haney closed with a striking account
of Abdul-Baha's cl-o-sing words before leaving
America, when after speaking of the events in
the Balkans and the absence in the hearts of
the people there of the spirit of brotherly love,
he turned to the Bahais pres-ent and 
what excuse will you have to offer before God,
for you are informed of the Mysteries?"
Our colored brother, Mr. Louis G. Gregory
of Washington, D. C., gladdened all present
by a few words spoken in his always impres-
sive manner, He said in part: can only
testify to the renewed inspiration, and the high
privilege I feel in being in this presence. The
illumin-ed faces here, souls who have made sac-
rifices in the Path of God, in whose lives are
reflected the virtues of the Supreme One in
this Day, give me greater courage than ever.
I shall take from here and carry to my hum-
ble duties fresh inspiration. The only success-
ful soul in this Day of Wonder is he who
treads in the Path of God. We are com-
manded by and Ab-dul-Baha to
that which, viewed from. the human stand-
point, is impossible. But the light of genius
comes to him who accepts the Divine strength
and power. Then nothing the World gives can
deter or discourage us. Those who follow
God shall partake of God-like attributes." . . .
As delegate from New York City, Mr. Ed-
ward B. Kinney responded by saying: "It
seems as if my better self had already spoken
through the lips of those who have preceded.
Here soul speaks to soul and all are as one
family and speak with the same tongue. So,
they have spoken my thought. In all the As-
semblies we find this power of unity growing.
We find the translation of this glory into the

