STAR OF THE WEST 39
to fill a library are already extant from the
penis of those men and women, most of them,
while not pronounced Bahais, are able to see
the great influence of Ba.hE-iism upon the entire
social an-d economic problem-s of this age.
VVh~en Prof. Edward G. Browne, of Cam-
bridge, visited (the founder) in
the prison city, Acca, in 1892, this scholar in
his own subsequent book on Bahaism, admits
that the spiritual force that enranated from
(Splendor of God), caused him
to fall to his knees in His Presence, when
spoke the words that have since
rung around the earth:
"We desire but the good of the world an-ti
the happiness of the 1-tatioiis, that all 
shall become one in faith, anal all men as
brothers; that the boiicls of afl'ecti01z. and unity
between the sons of men shall be strength-eneal.
That diversity of religion shall cease amt dif-
freiice of races be annulled. S0 it shall be.
These fruitless these ruinous wars shall
pass away and the 'Most Great Peace' shall
come; and for this are we a prisoiier and an
exile."
Thus did the "Prisoner of Acca" speak on
the forti-eth year o-f his exile and imprison-
ment; and is there any hopeless tone in that
speech after forty years of o-ppression an-d
tyranny?
Among the vast number of authors and
writers on Bahaism, I will mention just a few,
Whose books lie before me:
Horace Holley, London, author of "The
Mode-rn S-0-cial Religion." In that book, page
8, he says:
"Originating in Persia only a generation ago, the
Movement has already penetrated far to the East and
West, its followers numbering millions of men and
women, who represent every religion, philosophy, race,
-class and color. It is the Baheii teaching which ex-
tends religion so as to include modern science, eco-
nomic conditions and morality . . . . in terms of
our social evolution."
This book and others are on sale in Bom-
bay book shop-s.
The venerable Professor Vambery, one of
the greatest scholars of modern times, honored
by Kings and Emperors, just a few weeks be-
fore his death wrote to Abdul-Baha (the pres-
ent leaid-er), a long letter of sympathy and love,
from which I give brief excerpts:
forward this humble petition to the sanctified
and holy presence of Abdul-Baha, who is famous
throughout the world and beloved by all mankind.
Although I have traveled through many countries
and cities of Islam, yet have I never rnet so lofty
a character and so exalted a personage as your Ex-
cellency, and I can bear witness that it is not pos-
sible to find such another . . . . I am hoping that
the ideals and accomplishments of your Excellency
may be crowned with success, Considering these
results, every person is forced by necessity to en-
list himself on the side of your Excellency and accept
with joy the prospect of a fundamental basis for a
Universal Religion God the
Most High, confers long life, I will be able to serve
you under all conditions.
"(Signed) VA1~rB1aizY."
Professor Cheyne, of Oxford, England, wrote
to Abdul-Baha in these endearing terms:
October 23, 1913.
My Beloved Friend and Guide:--I cannot forget your
tender embrace when you were with me in rny study.
It has been a constant source of strength in memory
and I fully believe it was the will of God. You help
me constantly. 'With reverential love in in
which my dear wife joins, I am, beloved friend and
guide' (Signed) F. K. 
(Published in the STAR or THE WEST, Chicago, U.
S. A.)
Bernard Temple, (now Editor of The 
Gazette, Karachi) read a paper before the
Royal Society of Arts, London, "Persia and
the Regeneration," which was published in that
S-ociety's Io-urn-al, saying:
"Sometimes the world has had cause to regret its
inattention. Europe, at the present time (1910),
is not showing itself regardful of the rise of the new
religious movement, called 'Bahaism' of Persia. . . . .
Shiah and Sunhi Mohammedans in large numbers
have been converted. In European Turkey, and
more notably in Asiatic Turkey, they are increas-
ing yearly. I conversed with some in Bagdad.
In Egypt they are becoming numerous; also Morroco,
Algeria, Tunis and Tripoli and the Northern Provinces
of India. I have met in Bombay, Karachi,
Quetta, Peshawar, Rawalpindi, Lahore, Delhi and
Lucknow. Converts from among the Sikhs of Amrit-
sar, and the Brahmans of Benares; among the Bud-
dists of Ceylon, Burmah and Siam; amongst the
Taoists of China and Shintoists of Japan.
"Many Persian Iews in Te-heran have become Ba-
hais and I have attended some of their meetings. In
Hamadan, one of the oldest Jewish settlements in
the world, at least a third of the Iewish community
has openly gone over to the Movement. No Christian
missionary to the Iews in any part of the world can
boast a triumph equal to this. . . . . A more intel-
lectual form of Bahaism has expanded into Europe,
in Russia, Germany, France and England. In Baku
I found a large number; in London, Manchester,
Liverpool, Edinburgh and Glasgow an appreciable
number. The United States of America promises to
become a great western stronghold of Bahaism; also
Quebec, Montreal and Toronto, in Canada.
"Before going further perhaps I ought to state
that I am not a Bahai.
"All this world-wide spreading While the founders
were behind prison walls!
"The followers of already include
members of the ruling family of Persia~Viziers,
Deputies, Governors of Provinces and several Mul-
lahsl"
[Continued on page 41]

