STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9., 1911, at the post office at Chicago. Illinois. under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Editorial Siafl": ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: AHMAD 
Terms: $1.50 per year; 15 cents per copy
further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to NEWS SERVICE. P, O. Box 283, Chicago, 111,, U, 5. A.
To personal checks please add nlficienl to cover the banl: exchange.
7 - -W 7 i
Address all communications to Baum SERVICE, P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, 

TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
than Star of the West! HE Is cop! 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is Small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Alums.
Vol. Kamal 1, 70 (August 20, 1914) No. 9
IN THE WILL ABOLISH WAR AND ESTABLISH
THE GREAT 
thou who art firm in The Cov1ma~nt!
. . . According to the clear text of the Book of Akdas and the explicit con-
tents of the Book of The Covenant, Abdul-Baha is the Interpreter of all the Works
and Books of the Blessed P'c1-fcction and not only of the Book of
Akdas. This question is clear and evident to those who are informed of the Writ-
ings and Tablets (of W'ere this not the case every one would have
given an interpretation according to his own inclination, and considering his own in-
terpretation preferable to the interpretation of others which naturally lead to great
dilierences."
See opposite page]

"Consider that in former days thre1'e were only religious tours," but now there arc
racial and political wars fought at staggering expense and sacrifice."
ABDUL-BAI--IA--ABBA5.
Extract from Tablet to the Editor of The hrislirm Common-wealth.
Translated July, 1913.
THOU who art firm in The Covenant"
0 --see opening line of Tablet quoted
a phrase familiar to all read-
ers of the STAR OF THE Wssr, as it is -em-
ployed repeatedly by Abdul-Baha in the Tablets
revealed by him.
It is not a stock phrase, nor a pretty combi-
nation of words; but a stern reality, a funda-
mental necessity, an acid test sooner or later
to be applied and successfully met by those
who enter the Kingdom of ABBA.
As Christ said to Nicodemus: "Except a
man be born again, he car/mot lnot, shall not]
enter into the Kingdom of Heavenf' so like-
wise, except a soul awakens to an understand-
ing, recognition, acceptance of and obedience
to "The Covenant," it ca-moot enter the portals
of the "Most Great is the King-
dom of God on earth.
To explain: The Bahai Dispensation is
unique in that it is the era of the "Most Great
Peace"--an attribute not specialized to former
as for every effect there is a
cause, there is, then, in the Bahai Cause that
which Will produce this "Most Great Peace."
This we know is embodied in the principles
of as expounded by Abdul-Baha
in his addresses delivered in the Occident,
namely: (1) The Oneness of the \7V0rld of
Humanity; (2) The Independent Investigation
of Truth; (3) The Foundation of All Re-
ligions is One; (4) Religion must be the cause
of Unity; (S) Religion must be in accord with
Science and Reason; (6) Equality between

