STAR OF THE WEST 133
to observe them? Man is reasonable, has the
manifestation of the Divine bestowals, the per-
ceptive faculty, adoration, memory; and with
all these Divine bestowals, shall he allow these
racial ideas to change him ;-one saying, am
a German"; another, am a Frenchman"; a
third, am an Englishman"? Through these
superstitions shall he wage war? Is this be-
coming? God forbid! It is no-t at all. If the
animal does not condescend to observe such
lowering thoughts, shall man be willing to
stoop to this level? Why should he fetter him-
self with such groundless imaginations and
superstitions. They are purely imaginary.
As to War which has been caused by na.tiv-
ity;--the idea that this -is an Eastern nativity,
the other is a Western, this is Northern and
that is Southern; this is likewise purely im-
aginary. The globe of this earth is one globe,
and it -is the nativity of all humanity; there-
fore, the human race should not observe any
of these distinctions which are conducive to
war.' We have come from the East. Praise
be to God! we find the American continent
prosperous, its climate most delightfu.l, its
Weather salubrious, the inhabitants possessed
of courteous manners and the United States
government a fair government. ls it becoming
for us to entertain anything but love for them,
saying, "This land does not belong to us, this
is not our nativity and because it is not our
nativity it shall not be acceptable." This would
be utter ignorance to which man must not con-
descerld. Man must investigate realities and
the reality is this: that all humanity is one in
kind, that this earth is one globe and therefore
one home. Hence it is proved that the factors
and causes of warfare are entirely false.
Grant this.
Consider what is taking place in Tripoli.
How many of the poor are being killed, how
much blood of the oppressed is shed upon both
sides! How many children become fatherless 
how many fathers lose their sons; ho-w many
mothers bemoan the loss of their dea.r ones!
And what is the result after all Is-
it just, is it becoming for man to be so blood-
thirsty? Consider how domestic animals never
cause animosity; that is an attribute of the
ferocious animals. For example, if you gather
together a flock of one thousand sheep they
do not cause the shedding of 'blood. If you
bring together many flocks of birds, no war
takes place. But when wolves, dogs and lions
meet, they fight. Even these ferocious animals
are ferocious because of their necessary food;
they are in need of ferocity. Without ferocity
they will be bereft of food. But man does
not need to exercise that sort of ferocity; his
'livelihood is made possible otherwise. Out of
greed, enmity and self-glory, the blood of the
oppressed is spilt. The great ones among the
nations rest and enjoy luxuries in their palaces,
but send the poor common people to the bat-
tlefield. They offer them as targets before the
can-nons. Every day they invent new instru-
ments of destruction to destroy more fully the
foundations of the human race. They are ab-
solutely merciless toward their kind--toward
these mothers who have so tenderly cared for
their sons. How many nights have these moth-
ers spent sleep-less? how many days have they
labored from morning until evening nurturing
their children until they reach maturity! How
many of their kith andkin do these Warring
ones allow to be torn asunder in one day!
What savagery! What ignorance! What
greed! VVhat enmity! What degradation,
which even the ferocious animals do not un-
derstand! For the ferocious animal may tear
to pieces one in a single day; the wolf, for
instance, may carry away one sheep, 'but some
unjust man kills one hundred thousand of his
kind i11 a day, and glories in it, saying: am
a great general; I am a great commander-in-
chief, for in one day I have done away with
one hundred thousand of my kind!" Consider
how ignorant the human race is. If a man
kills another man,--one single soul,--no matter
what the cause may be,--he is at once pro-
nounced a murderer, meets with capital pun-
ishment, or is put in prison for life. But the
man who kills one hundred thousand of his
kind is called a "Conqueror," a "Hero," a
"Great General." If a man should commit the
theft of one dollar he is called a thief and
sent to the penitentiary; but if a general should
pillage a whole country, they call him a great
"Conqueror" of the highest heroism. "This is
a hero!" "This is a conqueror of the World!"
How ignorant man is! How lo-w!
In Persia, among the various nations and
peoples, religions and denominations there ex-
isted the greatest animosity, envy and hatred.
At that time all the other nations of Asia were
in the same condition. The religions were
hostile toward one another; the sects were at
enmity; the races were filled with hatred; the
tribes were constantly at war; at all times
strife, Warfare and bloodshed prevailed. Men
shunned each other and were thirsty for each
others lives. They considered the greatest

