38 STAR OF
THE ZVEST
[From Jam-e-famsied, Calcutta, March 28, 1914]
A MESSAGE TO THE SONS OF MAZDA
NEVV LIGHT IN THE WORLD
M,
By Prof. E. C. Getsinger, Ph. D. (Professor of Original Research and Physics), U. S. A.
MERICA is cons-idered to be the melting
A pot where all d|iscoveries, theorie-s, philos-
ophies, religi-ons and claims of any spe-
cial sort, are put into the crucible of investiga-
tion and finally given their true value by the
individual; for the American nation is com-
posed of a people of independent tho-ught,--the
result of their splendid EUR'dU.Ci1tlO'1'll3l system.
Consequently, when an American student
co-mes to these shores, it is a rather strange
sensation for him t-o find th-at the educated
classes--P-arsees, Hindus and Mohammedan~s--
are settled in a state of satisfa-ction, non-
see-king, nion-searching, exce-pt in some pre-
scrilbed channels, and aim at maintaining s-acred
traditions. Any new light mu-st pass a pre-
scribed testi founded upon old views. With an
American a new light stands up-on its own
merits regardless of preconceived ideas, and
there-in lies their success in getting at things.
It is rather strange, then-., from an American
viewpoint, that the'Parsee-s, excepting a few,
are entirely ignorant of a Persian movement,
which is of such vast moment to the Parsee
community, an-d that in America they have ac-
cepted' the Bahai faith by hundreds, and that
it -is the Americans who are spreading this
Fai:th in all p-arts of the world.
And even those few Parsees who have heard
or looked into the matter were oblivious to
the possibilities of a spiritual force that lies
underneath the outward momentum.
Vl/hen the Americans hear-d of this Bahai
Movement in 1898, they sent several delega-
tions, one from New York, one from Chicago,
and one from San Francisco, comp-0=sed of
from six to fourteen persons each, to visit the
prison city of Acca (Syria) and investigate
the truth of the matter from the lips of the
prison-er himself, Abdul-Baha. All reported
favorably and the Bahai Faith has since spread
in America by leaps and bounds, the numbers
being beyond computation.
In Persia, the are numbered by the
thousands and represent Mohammedans, both
Sunnites and Shiites--P'arsees, Jews and Chris-
tians. Religious hatred is dissolved by pure
love, and each respects the religion of the other;
so that whole cities in Persia are of the Bahai
Faith, and all this has happened by easy stages,
without the sword of religious coercion, but by
tol-eration and -brotherly love.
That the Bahai Faith is of the greatest
moment to the Parsee community can well be
seen, for as soon as just one more step in
Persia is made by this Movement, then the
Parsee can remove his Sacred Fire back to its
native home again, and worship in peace an-d
safety, for religious toleration is one of the
greatest Laws, and I am saying this as
an American who has intimately ob-
served and known this faith f-or the past six-
teen years. Liberty and fairplay is dear to
every American. even if the drama of injust-
ice is played in foreign lands; but at the same
time we also expect that those mostly inter-
ested (Parsees) in the establishment of right-
eousness in Persia, should bestir themselves
a little.
About a year ago, a delegation. or party,
of Parsees went to Persia to observe the trend
of safety for investment, etc., and not to study
Bra-hai influences. Blut upon returning they
reported unfavourably on all points, except,
that the only hope for Persia lies in the Bahai
Faith and it.s spread among the Persians. One
of the party repeated this to me about two
mo-n-ths ago. And yet, if this is the Parsee's
only hop-e, then why not lend more than a
mere silent sympathy to that hope? The Per-
sian Mohammedans have laid down thousands
of is common historical knowledge
--in order that their country be redeemed, and
by these sacrifices t-he Parsees also are ben-e-
fited. 
Vl/hy have not the Parsees also sent a dele-
gation to Palestine to investigate the matter
at its fountain head? When the Americans
did so it was only fo-r truth's sake, and not
because they have any other interests in the
Parsee motherland. The American B-ah-ais
have established schools in Persia, have sent
American teachers to those sch-ools and to them
are admitted the children of every religion.
Some of the greatest scholars, writers, states-
men, travelers and hum-anitarians of our day
-have written most favouralbly 0-f the Bahai
Movement and Faith, and volumes sufficient

