STAR OF THE WEST 181
we would realize that they are living on one continent--Europe. Hence if they
claim that their misunderstanding is on account of religious differences, as they
are overshadowed by the influenc-e of one religion, it must not exist. If they
state that their alienation comes from racial bias, because they are the descend-
ants of one primal race, it must be brushed aside. If they assert that their strife
is on patriotic grounds, inasmuch as they inhabit the one continent it must have
no weight. Moreover, they are all mankind. They have grown from one com-
mon trunk and are the branches of one tree.
'When I was traveling in Europe, I observed every nation crying at the
top of her voice: my Country! my dear Country! my beloved Country 1"
I said: Oh, my friends! What are all these clamors for? Why all these ac-
clamations? Why all these uproars and outcries? Why a-ll this hullabaloo?
These countries over which you are so vociferous and at every moment show the
signs of obstreperousness, are One Country, the home of Wherever
man chooses to live, there is his home and his country. God has not divided
this earth. It is one globe, one sphere. These boundaries that you have defined
are the greatest illusions that man could ever conceive in his mind. They have
no reality. It is similar to the division of one room into different sections, with
so many hypothetical lines, calling this corner Germany, that corner France and
another corner England. Of a truth, these suppositional lines have no outward
existence. These assumed boundaries are canine divisions, for it is observed
that a number of dogs divide among themselves the public square into various
sections and if one dare to go beyond the limit set for it, and trespass on the
rights of others, the rest will set up a dreadful howl and bark and go for it;
notwithstanding that these imaginary lines have no real forms or shapes.
'Again, let us still go a little further and investigate and find out what is
this "country" over which you so quarrel and scramble? A piece of land. If this
is the case, very Well then; it is self-evident that man lives above this earth only
for a few days and then for all eternity he will go under it. It is his everlasting
graveyard, his unchangeable cemetery. Is it worthy of man to fight over his
own burying-ground? To shed the blood of his own brethren? To destroy the
divine edifice--for man is the Edifice of God? Is it noble of him to commit
all of these inhuman atrocities for the necropolis of dead bodies 
"The object is this: These remarks were not relished by the Germans on
that day, but I saw them today in an unhappy mood. They were visibly agitated
and disturbed. But on the other hand they are manifesting great courage and
patriotism. The young men have given up their Work and are ready to start
for Germany. There are more than fifty volunteers, and probably from this
small colony nearly one hundred young men will leave for the scene of war. They
are doing this with perfect joy and without the least complaint. But today's
news, that Russia, England and France are united together to crush Germany,
has given them much food for thought.
"How cruel man is to send his brothers into the battle--field, so that they
may cut each other to pieces! just on the simple ground that thou art German,
I am English and he is French! Although in reality they are all human and are
living beneath the shade of one God. His Divine Bestowals, Favors and Bounties
have encircled all of them. They are all the sheep of God and He as the Spiritual
Shepherd is merciful to all.
"In short, the display of this barbaric passion is no other than the passion
of nature. These men, like unto animals, are the prisoners of nature, subdued
and overcome by nature. According to the requirement of nature, the animals
are pugnacious and strive in the destruction o-f each other. In the world of
nature there are aggression, bloodthirstiness, oppression, struggle for existence,
rapacity. These qualities are the natural laws of nature. just as these animals
are captives of .nature, similarly man is conquered, subjugated and hum-bled by
nature. For example, anger gets the better of man, ferocity prevails upon him,

