100 STAR OF THE WEST
Divine spiritualities are to- b-e witnessed even in
the contingent world. T-he Lights of God il-
lumine the World of man like unto the sun
which shines gloriously with all its effulgence
upon the material world. The Sun of Reality
is one, Its bestowal is one, Its heat is one, Its
rays are one, It shines upon all the phenomenal
world, b-ut the W0-rld being comp-osed of dif-
ferent degrees, comp1r'ehen|sions differ; each
Kingdom according to its comprehension receiv-
ing the ligh-t and bounty of the Eternal S-un.
The black stone receives the light of the ma-
terial sun, the trees likewise -receive that light,
the animals are recipients of it. All are devel-
oped by the heat of that sun, for the sun is one
and its bo-un-ty is one. The perfect soul of man,
that is to say, the perfect individual is like unto
a mirror wherein the Sun of Reality has be-
come reflected. The perfections, the image and
light of that sun have become reflected therein.
Its heat and illumination are manifest. That
soul i's a p-erfect expression -of the Sun.
These Mirrors to which I refer are the Mes-
sengers of God who tell the story of Divinity
just as the outer sun becomes manifest in the
material mirror, which reflects the image and
light of the sun in the skies. In like man-
ner, the image and light of the sun of Reality
are manifest and evident in the mirrors of the
Reality of the Manifestations of God. That is
what his Holiness Jesus Christ meant when
He said, "the Father is in the Son." The pur-
pose is that the Reality of that Eternal Sun had
become reflected with all Its glory in that Son.
It does not signify that the Sun had descended
from its p-lace in Heaven or in any way ef-
fected an entrance into- the mirror, for the-re is
no entrance or exit for the Reality of Divinity;
there is no ingress or egress, for it is Holy
above all things and ever occupies Its sancti-
fied station. Changes and transformations are
not of the Reality of Divinity. Transformation
from one condition to another applies to con-
tingent realities.
At the time when there was the greatest
strife, warfare and animosity, when conflict
between-religions and sects was prevalen-t, when
races we-re warring with each other, when the
differences were very such a time as
this, His Holiness appeared from
the Eastern horizon, promulgating the One-
ness of Divinity and the oneness of humanity.
He taught that all humanity were the servants
of one God, that all have come into being
through the bestowal of the one Creator. God
is kind to all, God nurtures all, God provides
for all, He rears all, He protects all, and deals
lovingly with all races of people. Inasmuch
as God is kind to all, why should we be un-
kind? Inasmuch as God is loyal to all, why
should we be disloyal? Inasmuch as God deals
with all in mercy, why should we deal with
animosity and hatred? This is the Divine pol-
icy, and surely it is greater than human pol-
icy. For no matter how sagacious humanity
may be, it can never attain to a policy that is
superior to God's. The=re-fore we must emu-
late the Divine policy. We must love all na-
ti011s, all people; we must be kind to all. We
must consider all as the leaves, branches and
flowers of one tree. The children of one
household, because all belong to the progeny
of Adam. We are the waves of One sea; we
are all the grass of the same meadow; we
are the S-tars of the same Heaven, and all find
shelter in the same Protector.
At most, one may be sick, that one must be
treated; he may be ignorant, he must be edu-
cated; he may be asleep, he must be awakened;
he may be dead, he must be made alive.
So promulgated the oneness of
human kind and the fundamental oneness 0-f
religion. He taught that the fundamentals of
all the religions are one; that Reality is not
multiple, Reality is One. The foundation un-
derlying all the Divine precepts is that One
Reality, It m-ust needs be Reality, and Reality
is One, not multiple. There-fore the founda-
ations of the Divine Religions are one. But We
can see that certain forms have come in, certain
imitations of forms and ceremonies have crept
in. They are heretical, they are accidental, be-
cause they differ; hence they cause differences
among religions>>. But if we set aside these
imitations and seek the Reality of the founda-
tions we shall agree, because it is One and not
multiple.
In proclaiming the oneness .of mankind,
taught that men and women
were both humankind and there is no distinc-
tion between them. The only difference which
exists now is due to- education. If women
be educated equally with men, there is no doubt
that distinction will disappear. T'he world of
hu-manity has two is the female and
the other the male. A bird cannot fly with one
wing. If one wing be defective, the strong
wing, the perfect wing, will not be capable of
flying. The world of humanity has two hands.
If one hand be defective, the hand which is
perfect is also hindered and will be unable to
dis-charge its duties.

