STAR OF THE WEST 279
Second." One of the laws and ordinances
peculiar to the Bahai religion is the law pro-
h'ibit1'ng the irzterpreting of the Word of God.
For interpretation of the Words and exposi-
tion of personal opinion has been one of the
greatest means of dissension in the former
religions, the cause of-darkening of the horizon
of faith and concealing the real meaning of
the Book of God.
It is evident that learned men differ in
their minds, and the natural gifts of sa-
gacity and intelligence or the lack of under-
standing and comprehension vary in degrees
among them. Thus when the door of inter-
pretation and perverting of the Words from
their outward meaning is opened, strange
opinions and curious contradictory interpreta-
tions will result and different sects will arise
among the one people and one religious com-
munity.
Consequently has explicitly
commanded His followers to wholly abandon
the door of interpretation and follow the
Words revealed in the Tablets according to
their outward meaning, so that the events
which have transpired among the past nations
should not -recur among the .Bahai people, and
the unwelcome happenings which appeared
among the various sects due to difference in
mentality and viewpoint should not become
manifest in this new auspicious day, which is
the day of the Glorious Lord.
Thus one of the explicit commands of this
great Manifestation is the ordinance abrogat-
ing differences which separate men. It is be-
cause one of the occasions of dissension is
diffe-rence of scholars with regard to the sta-
tion of the Manifestation of the Cause. In
former religions, even as testified by history,
it has become evident that when in a question
of this kind a difference has arisen between
two of the doctors of religion, both parties
were firm in their standpoints and held
tenaciously to their sides, while the laity, ac-
cording to their usage, would adhere some to
one and some to the other, thus closing the
doors to agreement and unity to such an ex-
tent that religious fraternity was changed into
deep and bitter enmity, scientific dissension
terminating in bloody strife and warfare. This
is illustrated by differences which arose be-
tween Arius, the priest, and Alexander, the
Bishop of Constantinople, regarding the Trin-
ity; in the fourth century, A. D. also the Nes-
torian differences which took place in the fifth
century between Nestorius, the Bishop of Con-
stantinople, and the other bishops, which
caused terrible wars and the shedding of pre-
cious blood. The effect of these sad dissen-
sions has lasted until the present day. These
are clear proofs and evidences for the point
at issue.
Time does not allow us to make mention of
the numerous sects and divisions of the Gnos-
tics and "others, of which the church historians
have counted more than thirty, and incor-
porated them under the term: "Bo-rn of
philosophy." All seekers of full accounts are
referred to authoritative books on the subject,
in order that they may clearly realize that all
these divisions and sects came from the dis-
agreements of the doctors as to the degree
and station of His Holiness Christ, and their
persis'tence in their respective opinions.
Third: The subject of d'z'sag1'eement by the
doctors as to the station of the Manifestat-ion
of God has been one of those abstruse and
difiicult questions to solve which proved be-
yond the power of great minds and baffled a
mighty king like Constantine the Great. For
notwithstanding the assistance and co-opera-
tion of the great bishops of the East and W'est,
he could not reconcile the various parties to
the Aryan controversy. Nay, during this long
time the power' of local councils, the sword
of European powers and the verdicts of In-
quisitorial Boards failed to remove divisions
and schisms caused by metaphysical discus-
sions. But the removal of this indissoluble
knot and incurable disease by the easiest of
means has been announced in the holy Bahai
literature, for in one of His holy
Tablets has clearly revealed the following:
"Since men differ in their degree of knowl-
edge, if two persons should be found to pos-
sess different viewpoints as regards the degree
and station of the Manifestation of God, both
are acceptable before God, for, in accord with
the blessed verse: 'Verily, we have created
souls different in degrees God has created
men different in understanding and diverse in
manners. But if those having two points of
view en-gage in conflict and strife while ex-
pressing their views, both of them are re-
jected. F-or, by knowing the Manifestation of
God it is intended to unify the hearts, culti-
vate souls and to teach the truth of God,
whereas conflict and strife of two persons
with two different points of view would do
harm to the Cause of God. Consequently both
of them are referred to the tire." This was
the purport of the blessed Tablet in brief.
Accordingly in this Holy Cause no one has
power to create inharmony, and because of

