STAR OF THE WEST 121
declared the evils of war, and explained the
benefits of Universal Peace. I elucidated the
causes which lead to the honor and glory of
the world of humanity, and told them of the
ferocity and bloodthirstiness of the animal
kingdom. I showed the defects of the world
of nature and made an exposition of the means
whereby the illumination of the world of hu-
manity is fully realized. I unfolded and
caused the appearance of the foundation of the
divine religions, and proclaimed the teachings
of His Holiness I demonstrated
the existence of God by irrefutable, rational
arena of actuality and practical demonstration.
It is true that this question is of paramount
importance, and will not be realized easily.
However, we must take hold of every means
until the desired result is obtained.
Fifty years ago whosoever talked about Uni-
versal Peace was not only ridiculed but called
a visionary and utopian. NoW--praise be to
God !--that at this time it has assumed such im-
portance that everyone acknowledges that this
question of Universal Peace is the light and
spirit of this age. But they state that the path-
way to this much desired goal is obstructed by
WAR SPEAKS
From the Atchison, Kan., Globe
It was quiet after the rush of the day,' a day devoted to marshaling bulletins from many
places into a somewhat coherent story of the preliminaries of the w-orld's greatest War--if it
happens. And then the quiet is broken by stern tones, and there arose the great figure of
grim visaged War and said:
am VVar; to me men look for glory and lasting fame, and it is given. Mine are the
most thrilling parts of history, and song and verse and story pay tribute to my awful gran-
deur. Around the World the parks and plazas are m.arked by monuments and statues of the
men I have given their share of fame. But still other monuments are mine; my way is
marked by dead men's bones, by shattered hopes and broken homes and devastated fields and
fallen cities and wasted vineyards. Where I walk the green grass is trampled and silver
rills run red until rivers are also crimson. I am the Moloch which men worship, although I
feed upon their bravest and fairest. Men are my mainstay, young men in the flower of
strength preferred, and of the many offered I claim vast numbers for my own, and give back
others as maimed and broken creatures, old and helpless before their time. Bu-t men alone
are not enough; for them are the cold steel, the hurtling shells an-d shrapnel, the buzzing
bullets. But their women and children, even to babes unborn, must help bear the burden that
I bring. For these tender ones I spread want and disease and famine, and add the dull
despair born of suspense and anxiety for dear ones gone, perhaps foreverghost, existing merely b-ecause men think I must, and not because man needs me in
working out his cherished plan."
tion and justice of which we boast.
A dream, of course, for war is no single creature to arise and tell the truth of him-
self, but the monstrous work of many men turned savage to make a mockery of the civiliza-
proofs, and proved the validity of all the
prophets of God. I gave utterance to- my
inmost conviction that the reality of the relig-
ion of God is the cause of the life of the
world of humanity; it is divine civilization and
pure enlightenment.
By the explanation of all these principles my
object has been no other than the promotion of
Universal Peace. Praise be to God that I found
hearing ears, observed seeing eyes, and discov-
ered informed hearts. Therefore, I am w-ell
pleased with this journey.
But on the other hand the Well-wishers of
the world of humanity and the advocates of
universal p-eace must make an extraordinary for-
ward movement, organize important interna-
tional congresses, and invite as delegates most
progressive and influential souls from all parts
of the world; so that through their wise counsels
and deliberations this ideal of Universal Peace
may leap out of the world of words into the
a number of not clearly defined stumbling
blocks, which, however, can be removed by in-
telligently and persistently educating public
opinion.
I hope the noble leaders of the world of hu-
manity who are the divine bestowals among
the people, and the means of pacification
among the nations, will arise with the utmost
of effort and whole-hearted resolution to ex-
tinguish this world--raging conflagration, espe-
cially now that the blood of innocent people is
freely shed in the Balkan States, the lamenta-
tions and moanings of the orphans are reach-
ing to the very gate of heaven, and the dis-
consolate cries and harrowing agonies of the
mothers penetrate our souls with the irresistible
force of human tragedy. Thus through the
endeavors of these guardians of the rights of
mankind the wo-rld of creation may enjoy the
repose of conciliation, the banner of Universal
Peace be unfurled, the tabernacle of the one-

