4 STAR OF
in blood. Christian and Saracen massacred one
another there in turn. Many prisoners have
languished there since Napoleon's pride was
humbled by his failure to take "the petty town"
which yet he designated "the key to the East."
Since his return from Egypt, five weeks ago,
Abdul-Baha has more than once visited Akka
and remained some time, visiting old friends
who knevv~ him in the days of his imprisonment.
During one oi his visits there he sent for the
American Bahais who a.re making a pilgrilnage
to the Holy Land, that with him they might
visit the Tomb of Another day
the Persian pilgrims Were sent for, of whoma
contingent have now returned to their native
land. They left yesterday, on their long jour-
ney to Hamadan, the old capital of Persia, pro-
ceeding first by train to Dainascus, thence to
Aleppo, and from there by carriage and o-n
horseback, the journey occupying three weeks.
All those who have left are Jews!
It Was my privilege to be present at two fare-
well gatherings given in their honor, which 
THE 
shall never forget. At the first the men assem-
bled at the Tomb of the Bab, which occupies a
commanding position on the slope of Mount
Carmel, and is a striking object from my win-
dow soon after dawn, when the rays of the
rising sun illumine it. The tomb is_surrounded
by a garden on a terrace on the mountain side.
and the building has several chambers. In the
largest of these ab-out fifty to sixty Bahais were
assembled on the occasion to which I refer-
Jews, Zoroastrians, 1/Iohammedans, and Chris-
listen.to an address by Abdul-Baha.
'Nlnle he was speaking tea was served by the
giver of the feast. Then all proceeded to an
inner chamber, which in turn led to the tomb
proper, and here the Tablets. were chanted by
one of the pilgrims, a very learned mullah and
great orator. The reverence of the Oriental
Bahais for Abdu=l--Baha must he witnessed to
be understood. When he came down the moun-
tain side clad in his flowing robe and white
turban, and followed by his disciples from far
and near, the scene was truly Biblical.
Haifa, Ianuary 8, 1914.
THE FEAST OF NAUROOZ: MARCH TWPINTY-FIRST
THE BAHAI NEW DAY
A talk given by Abdul-Baha, Friday evening, l\/larch 21, 1913, at 14 rue Greuze, Paris
Mons. Hippolyte Dreyfus-Barney interpreting
Allvl extremely glad to see yon on this Nau-
I rooz occasion. This clay is considered holy
by the Persians. . . . . From time ini-
memorial this day has been consecrated for in
this there is a symbol.
At this moment the sun appears at the merid-
ian and the day and night are equal. Until to-
day the North Pole has been in darkness.
Today the sun appears on the horizon of the
North Pole. Today the sun rises and sets at
the equator and the two hetnisp-heres are equally
illumined. This sacred day, when the sun
illumines equally the whole earth, is called the
equinox, and the equinox is the symbol of the
Manifestation of God. The Sun of Truth rises
on the horizon of Divine Mercy and sends
forth its rays. This day is consecrated to com-
memorate it. It is the beginning of spring.
Vihen the sun appears at the equinox, it causes
a movement in all living things. The mineral
world is set in motion, plants begin to shoot,
the desert is changed into a prairie, trees bud
and every living thing responds, including the
bodies of animals and men.
The rising of the sun at the equinox is the
symbol of life, and likewise it is the symbol of
the Divine Manifestations of God, for the ris-
ing of the Sun of Truth in the Heaven of Di-
vine Bounty established the signal of Life for
the world. The human reality begins to live,
our thoughts are transformed and our intelli-
gence is quickened. The Sun of Truth bestows
Eternal Life, just as the solar sun is the cause
of terrestrial life.
The day of the appearance of God's Mani-
festations on earth must be a sacred day when
man must commemorate God in prayer and
praise. Among the ancient Persians this day
was looked upon as the ho-ly day of the year
and on it hospitals and charitable institutions
were founded. Collections for the poor are
made on this day and every effort is put forth
so that it may not be allowed to pass without
leaving some divine traces. Throughout Persia
one sees the historical traces of. this sacred day
by the many good works that have commemo-
rated it.

I am spending this Kew Year's day in Paris.
I hope for considerable results from this fact.

