134 STAR OF
glory for man Was to be able to kill many of
his kind. Each religionist considered t-he kill-
ing of one belonging to another religion or de-
nomination a great and praiseworthy deed. At
such a time as this His Holiness 
appeared in Persia. He founded the oneness
of the world of humanity. He declared that
all humanity is the servant of Go-d, and that
God is kind to all; that He created all and
provides for all; that He nurtures all; there-
fore why should we be unkind? Inasmuch as
God is kind and merciful to all His creatures
and manifests His care and goodwill to them
i11 every way, why should we show forth that
which is contrary? Inasmuch as God loves all,
why should we entertain animosity or envy?
For if God did not love all, He would not
have provided for all; He would not have
created man; He would not have trained him.
Now that He has created, provided for and
preserved man, it is therefore evident that
God is kind to all. Why then should man be
unkind to man? This is the Divine policy.
Shall we consider human policy to be better
than the Divine policy? Is that conceivable?
Is not that impossible? Therefore, we must
emulate the policy of God. Just as God deals
with all kindly, so lovingly--we
must deal with each other. de-
clared the "Most Great Peace" and Interna-
tional Arbitration. He voiced His sentiments
with regard to peace in numerous epistles upon
that subject, which were scattered broadcast
throughout the.East. He wrote to all the kings
and crown-ed heads, encouraging all and ad-
monishing them in regard to peace. He made
it evident with conclusive proofs that the hap-
piness and glory of humanity can only be in-
sured through peace. This took place about
fifty years ago. Because He promulgated In-
ternational Peace and gave numerous instruc-
tions about it, the kings -of the Orient arose
against Him, for they did not find their per-
sonal benefits advanced thereby. They arose
to persecute and molest Him; inflicted upon
Him every torment, imprisoned Him, bastin-
adoed Him, banished Him, eventually confined
Him to a fortress. Then they arose against
those who followed  For the establish-
ment of Internatio-nal Peace the blood of
twenty-thousand Bahais was spilt. How many
homes were destroyed! How many of the
young were made captives! How many of the
houses were pillaged! Yet none of them
waxed cold. Even unto this day they still per-
secute them, for the Bahais put forth the great-
THE WEST
est efforts. They not only promulgate prin-
ciple; they are people of action. Now you see
the same people who were formerly at enmity
and strife in far off Persia--people -of various
religions and the
great teachings -of living in the
utmost peace. Enmity has passed away and
they exercise the utmost love toward all man-
kind. For they know that all are the servants
of God. At most it is simply this: that some
are still ignorant, they must be echtcatect; some
are sick, they must be treated; some are as
children, they must be helped to reach the age
of maturity. We must not molest any one b-e-
cause he is an infant or child; we must not be
inimical to any one because he is still ignorant;
we must not reject anyone because he is sick;
but we must treat the sick, educate the chil-
dren until they reach the age of maturity;
and help those who are ignorant in order that
they may reach knowledge. Therefore the es-
sentials of the foundations of the religions of
God are love and amity among all humanity.
If a Divine religion should be productive of
discord among society, it is a destroyer and
no-t Divine; for religion means unity and bind-
ing together. Mere knowledge of anything is
not su-fficient. We all know that justice is
good, but there is need for volition and execu-
tive force to carry it out. For example, should
we think it good to build a church, simply
thinking of it as being a good thing will not
help its erection. We must will to build it.
Then wealth is needed for its erection; simply
thinking will not be sufficient. All of us know
that International Peace is good; that it is
conducive to the general welfare of humanity
and the glory of man; but we are in need of
will, volition and action. We must act. Inas-
much as this century is a century of light, it
has capacity for action. Necessarily these
principles will spread among all men until they
reach the degree of volition and attain to the
status of action. Surely this is so, for the
time is ripe for it. The human race knows,
verily, that war is a destroyer of the human
foundation, and in all the countries of the
World there are those who favor this issue.
When I came to America, I found this to be
an exceedingly progressive country, the people
in a state of readiness, the government a just
one, and equality established to an extraor-
dinary degree. Now inasmuch as the standard
of International Peace must needs be hoisted,
I hope that it may be hoisted upon this con-
tinent, for the American continent is more de-

