STAR OF THE WEST 293
There are many other proofs concerning this
marvelous subject, but I must not fatigue you.
I shall conclude with the words of His Holi-
ness Jesus Christ: "That which is born of
the Spirit is Spirit" and is acceptable in the
Kingdom of God. Wliat does that mean?
It means that just as in the first birth the
foetus comes forth from the matrix of the
mother into the conditions of the human king-
dom, even so the spirit of man must be born
out of the matrix of naturalism, out of the
baser nature, in order that he may compre-
hend the great things of the Kingdom of God.
He must be born of Mother Earth to find the
Life Everlasting. Thus this collective reality
or spirit of man, being born out of the world
of nature, possessing the attributes of God, will
continue to live forever in the Eternal Realm.
THE PASSING OF DANIEL JENKYN
To the Editors of the STAR OF TI-IE WEST:
74 Sinclair Road, Kensington,
London, England, Ian, 1915.
Dear sister' in the Faith, iss Bui/eema:
It is with sincere grief I have to tell you of
the "passing on" of our dear brother, Mr.
Daniel Ienkyn, of St. Ives, in Cornwall. He
died from the effects of a prolonged and seri-
ous attack of influenza. I had occasion to visit
St. Ives during the month of November and I
saw him during the latter part of the month.
He was then better and we all hoped for a
speedy restoration to health; but a short while
afterwards he had a serious relapse from which
he never recovered, and he passed away on
December 31st.
He was a most spirituallyminded young man,
a very sincere, ardent Bahai and a most hard
worker for the blessed Cause. Not long since
he visited Holland for the purpose of meeting
some of those attracted to the Movement and
confirming their faith. He joined the Chris-
tian Commonwealth Fellowship and found that
association 'brought him into contact with
numbers of earnest seekers for the truth and
reality of the Bahai teachings. He undertook
a vast correspondence in connection with the
Faith and by this means did a great amount
of teaching.
We all most deeply deplore his loss, which
will be much felt in all the English groups.
I have asked Mirza Lotfullah Hakim, who was
his close personal friend, to enclose a copy of
the last letter he received from Mr. Daniel
Jenkyn, for it breathes a most ardent and up-
lifting spirit of devotion which will prove an
inspiration to us all. If you can find space i11
the STAR OF THE for this short account
of him, we shall greatly appreciate it.
Believe me,
Yours, in the Center of the Covenant,
ETHEL I. ROSENBERG,
Honorable Secretary of the
Bahai Society in London.
LETTER FROM LOTFULLAH S. I-IAKIM
13 Wood Lane, Shepherd's Bush,
London W., England, _Tan., 1915.

3: dear spiritual sister, Miss Buz'Izema.'
I am enclosing Miss Rosenberg"s letter about
our dear brother, Mr. Daniel Ienkyn, who has
passed into the wider and more peaceful life.
Am sending you, also, a copy of the 'last let-
ter which I had from him, which he wrote me
during his illness. His letter will show what
a wonderful spirit he had and how firm and
steadfast he Was in our beloved Abdul-Baha,
the Center of the Covenant. Abdul--Baha, in a
Tablet to me, which was received in 1912,
wrote: "Convey to Mr. Daniel Ienkyn the ut-
most greeting of ABI-IA. I ask God that he
may become subject of great grace. Continue
correspondence with him." He and I had cor-
responded with each other since 1911. In an-
other Tablet to me, which was received in
1913, Abdul-Baha wrote: "Also write to Mr.
Daniel Ienkyn that, 'Always I am expecting,
from the confirmation of the Kingdom, holy
breaths and the attraction of ecstacy, that thou
mayest become so joyful and happy that thou
mayest raise the heavenly song'."
Enclosed you will also find a copy of two
Tablets which he received from Abdul-Baha.
I enclose a photograph of Mr. Ienkyn and
me together, which was taken about two years
ago.
Truly he was my closest friend and our loss
is his gain.
I will close now with the deepest grief and
sorrow and no doubt all the friends will be
sincerely mournful because of his departure.
With best Bahai love and greetings to you
and all the friends'there,
Yours very sincerely in the service of
the Prince of Peace, the Center of the
Covenant,
(Signed) LOTFULLAH S. HAKIM.

