292 STAR OF
solve that problem in a dream. How often it
has occurred that he has dreamed, even as the
prophets have dreamed, of the future, and
events which have thus been foreshadowed
have come to pass literally.
Thus we learn that the immortality of the
soul or spirit is not contingent or dependent
upon the so-called immortality of the body,
because the body in the quiescent state, in the
time of sleep, may be as dead, unconscious,
senseless; but the soul or spirit is possessed
of perceptions, sensations, motion and discov-
ery. Even inspiration and revelation are ob-
tained by it. How many were the prophets
who have had marvelous visions of the future
in that state! We therefore learn that the
spirit of the human soul is the rider and the
body is only the steed. If anything affects
the steed, the rider is not affected by it. The
spirit may be likened to the light within the
lantern. The body is simply the outer lantern.
If the lantern should break, the light is ever
the same. Why? Because the light could
shine even without the lantern. The spirit
can conduct its affairs without the body, In
the world of dreams it is precisely as this
light without the chimney-glass. It can shine
without it. The human soul by means of this
body can perform its operations, and without
the body it can likewise have its control.
Therefore if the body be subject to disinte-
gration, remember that the spirit is not affected
by these changes or transformations.
It is an evident fact that the
body does not conduct the process of intellec-
tion or radiation. It is only the medium of
the grossest sensations. This human body is
purely animal in type and, like the animal, it
is subject only to the grosser sensibilities. It
is utterly bereft of ideation or intellection,
utterly uninformed of the processes of reason.
The animal perceives what its sees and
judges what the ear hears. It perceives ac-
cording to its animal senses, the scent of the
nostril, the taste of the tongue. It compre-
h_ends not beyond its sense perceptions. The
animal is confined to its feelings and sensi-
bilities, a prisoner of the senses. Beyond
these, in the finer higher processes of reason-
ing, the animal cannot go. For instance, the
animal cannot conceive of the earth Whereon
it stands as a spherical object. Why? Be-
cause the spherical shape of the earth is a
matter of conscious reasoning. It is not a
matter of sense perception. An animal in
Europe could not foresee and plan the dis-
covery of America as Columbus did. It could
THE WEST
not take the globe of the earth and scan the
various continents, saying "This is the eastern
hemisphere; where is the other, the western
hemisphere?" No animal could know these
things. Why? Because they are referable to
intellection. The animal cannot become aware
of the fact that the earth is revolving and
the sun stationary. Only processes of reason-
ing can come to this conclusion. But the out-
ward sees the sun as revolving. It mis-
takes the stars and the planets as revolving
about the earth. But reason decides their
orbit, knows that the earth is moving and the
other worlds fixed. The su11 is the solar
center and ever occupies the same place. It is
the earth which revolves around it. Such con-
clusions are entirely intellectual; not accord-
ing to the senses.
Hence we learn that in the human organism
there is a center of intellection, a power of
intellectual operation which is the discoverer
of the realities of things. This power can
unravel the mysteries of phenomena. It can
comprehend that which is knowable; not alone
the sensible. All the inventions are its prod-
ucts. For all of these have been the mysteries
of nature. There was a time when the energy
of electricity was a mystery of nature, but
that collective reality which is manifest in man
discovered this mystery of nature, this latent
force. Having discovered it, man brought it
forth onto the plane of activity. All the
sciences which we now enjoy are the products
of that wondrous reality. But the animal
is deprived of the operations of it. All the
arts which we now enjoy are the expressions
of that marvelous reality. The animal is be-
reft of them, because these realities are pecu-
liar to the human spirit. All the traces are
the results of the perfections which compre-
hend realities. The animal is bereft of the-se.
These evidences prove conclusively that man
is possessed of two realities, as it were--a
reality connected with the senses and which is
shared in common with the animal--and an-
other reality which is ideal in character. This
latter is the collective reality and the discoverer
of mysteries. Such a reality which discovers
the realities of things undoubtedly is not of
the elemental objects. It is distinct from them.
For mortality and disintegration are the prop-
erties inherent in compositions and are refer-
able to things which are subject to some per-
ceptions, but the collective reality in man not
being so subject is the discoverer of things.
Therefore it is real, eternal, and does not have
to undergo changes and transformations.

