STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that, all nations shall 'become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall 'cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these>> fruitless strites,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Masheyat 1, 70 (September Z7, 1914) No. 11
WORLD IS AT THE THRESHOLD OF A MOST
TRAGIC 
STIRRING TALK BY ABDUL-BAHA PERTAINING TO THE WAR IN EUROPE
From the Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
Bahai Nest, Mount Carmel,
Haifa, Syria, August 3, 1914.
D-ear Friends 
All over the city there is great commotion;
people are wild with excitement. A new im-
perial Irade has come from Constantinople that
any and every man between the ages of 18 and
45 must be enlisted in the army register and be
ready to leave at a moment's notice. For the last
few days we have heard that War was threaten-
ing between Austria and Servia, that Open
hostilities have already commenced, that Austria
has attacked Belgrade, that Russia has threat-
ened Austria that unless she desists from fur-
ther encroachment, she will be obliged to enter
the conflict. England, Russia and France on
one hand; Germany, Austria and Italy on the
other, are mobilizing their forces. The situation
is very grave. Europe is entering one of the
darkest crises of its political life. It takes a
lively imagination to picture the six great
Powers of Europe armed to the teeth, with
more than 20,000,000 of soldiers, waiting for
the final commands of their superiors to jump
into the battlefield and cut each other's throats!
No one can conceive of a greater folly and a
more stupendous sin against humanity. Every-
body here thinks that this war news is the first
indication of "Armageddon," the universal war
which will teach mankind as nothing else could
do, the barbarism of the present-day civiliza-
tion and the futility of all the pacifist move-
ments. Europe is sitting on the crater of a
world-shattering volcano which may burst forth
at any moment. The Russian, French and Aus-
trian steamship companies have announced that
their steamers will not touch the Port of Haifa
for some time to come.' Therefore, instead of
ten to fifteen steamers a week, there will be
only one steamer a to the Khe-
divial Line. The small German colony is
sending one hundred of its young men to
protect the Fatherland. Thus you see that the
atmosphere -of this little Syrian port is perme-
ated with wars and rumors of wars.
VVhen the new Irade was proclaimed that all
the Turkish subjects must come under the col-
ors, there was a real panic in Acca and Haifa.
One saw groups of anxious men gathered in
the corners of the streets, talking excitedly
about war. The women of Acca were so grief-
stricken that they filled the air all night with
their shrieks and lamentations. In a literal
sense no one could sleep. The children of all
the Persians who have lived in Turkey for the
last forty years and married Arab or Turkish
women are under the law of Military Conscrip-
tion. No- one can attempt escaping, as no
steamer is leaving the port. Large, flaring red
bulletins are hung in the streets of Haifa, call-
ing the "patriots" to arms. The upper part of
these bills are engraved with pictures of swords
and cannons, and the lower part contains the
call to arms. No one understands the situation,
and very few can guess what Turkey means to
do with all these preparations. The prices of
all foodstuffs have gone up, from 10 to 40
per cent, especially sugar, tea and flour, as well
as naphtha.
This evening Abdul~Baha gave a stirring talk
on the aforesaid news of war in Europe. All
the friends were impressed with his words of
truth, and I will share them with you. He
opened his address with these simple, dramatic
words:
resurrection is set up! The world is ltopsy-turvyl The wrong side of
human character is up! A general melee of the civilized nations is in sight. A
tremendous conflict is at hand. Th-e world is at the threshold of a most tragic
struggle. The evil forces of war are plotting against mankind. The dark waves of

