STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all_men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinouswars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Nur 1, 70 (June 5, 1914-) No. 5
[From The orth Shore Review, May 16, 1914.]
THE BAHAI TEMPLE AT TO BE BUILT WITH MONEY
FROM EVERY RACE, CLIME AND RELIGION UNDER THE SUN.
By ISABEL FRASER
"The Bahai Movement is not an organization. You can never organize the Bahai Cause.
THE BAHAI MOVEMENT IS THE SPIRIT O-F THIS AGE. It is the essence of all
the highest ideals of this century. The Bahai Cause is an INCLUSIVE MOVEMENT:
The teachings of all the religions and societies are found here; the Christians, Jews, Bud-
dhists, Mohammedans, Zoroastrians, Theosophists, Freemasons, Spiritualists, et. al., find
their highest aims in this Cause. Even the Socialists and philosophers find their theories
fully developed in this Movement."
PEN ye the gates of the Temple to all
mankind," is the co-mm-and of the Bahai
leader, Abdul-Baha Abbas, whose teach-
ings are today drawing together all nations,
races and creeds. The Temple soon to be
erected at Wilmette typifies the first visible
fruits of this teaching in America. It is called
the Mashrak-el-Azkar, which means "The
Dawning=place of praises," and these praises
are to be sounded through the medium of
worship plus activity, for the inner temple,
o-r house of worship, is to be surrounded by
such practical accessories as a hospital, hospice
for travelers, school for the study of higher
sciences, orphanage, etc.
It is to be a new departure architecturally,
for it is to be built on the plan of nine. Abdul-
Baha on his recent journey to America gave
a graphic word picture of the structure as fol-
lows: "The Mashrak-el-Azkar will be like a
beautiful bouquet. The central lofty edifice
will have nine sides surrounded by nine ave-
nues interlacing nine gardens where nine foun-
tains will play. There will be nine gateways
and columns and the nine will also be carried
out in the galleries and dome. The mystery
of this edifice is great, and cannot be unveiled
yet, but its erection is the most important un-
dertaking of this day.
"The Ch-icago Temple is the mother Mashrak-
el-Azkar of America, and in comin-g centuries
many Mashrak-el-Azkars in other cities will

be the Think not that this Temple
will be like the hundred thousand gigantic
temples you see about you. The more the
world aspires to a perfect civilization the more
the matter of co-operation and mutual assis-
tance becomes manifest. More and more is
it evident that the continuance of humanity
depends upon this inter-relationship. The
Mash-rak-el-Azkar, w'hich is the greatest of the
divine foundations on this earth, will be the
means for mutual help under all conditions
Whether in the degrees of truth and signifi-
cance or in the stations of the material World,
for the doors of these places are to be open
for all sects--no differentiation. Because, with
one thought and one aim ye are engaging
yourselves in the building of this temple, 
ye servants and maidservants of the Merciful,
know verily that this great project will be
conducive to the union and affinity of all the
children of man. Know ye that when this
Temple of God shall be built in Chicago, it
will be to the sp-iritual body of the world what
the in-rush of the spirit is to the physical body
of man, quickening it to its utmost parts and
infusing a new light and power."
WORLD--UNITING EFFORT.
The following supplication, couched in the
beautiful oriental imagery that distinguishes
the Bahai Revelation, shows in no uncertain
Way the deep spiritual love that Abdul-Baha,
though in far-away Acca in the Holy Land, is
Wilmette is a suburb to the north of Chicago, which in_ the course of a few years will, undoubtedly
become a part of the metropolis. The' building to be erected 1S known as the Chicago Editors. 

