STAR OF THE WEST 119
FQR THE SAKE OF GOD AND FOR THE
IMPROVEMENT OF 
Words of Abdul-Baha to ]ennings Bryan in 1912
From the Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, May 13, 1914.
HILE Abdul-Baha was journeying to-
 ward California in 1912, he stopped one
day at Lincoln, Nebraska, and called at
the h-omle of William Bryan, situated just
outside of that town. Mr. Bryan was at the
time campaigning in some part of the States,
but Abdul--Baha was graciously received by his
ch-arming wife and talented daughter. In the
light of recent events, a translation of Abdul-
.Baha's talk (informal), which I took down
while he spoke, may have more than an his--
torical -interest to his friends and to our
friends 
have come especially to Lincoln to repay
the visit you made to me during your
trip around the world. At that time I was
much grieved because on your second visit to
Acca you were prevented from coming to see
me by the surveillance of the guards. Those
were difficult and troublesome days indeedl.
As it was impossible then to meet you, I was
longing and praying for a greater opportunity
and a better chance.
Consider the power of His Holiness Bum'-
I was a prisoner, and no one would
ever have thought that I would be allowed to
leave, for one moment, the fortified town of
Acca! But God took the chain from my neck
and put it around the neck of Abdul Hamid.
He is now surrounded with far worse suffer-
ings than those with which he surrounded me.
I did not feel the pain of his fiendish per-
secutions, because I possessed the glad-tidings
of the Kingdom, but he is afflicted with the
pangs of regret and remorse as the result of
his evil days. These dark days have come
upon him as the consequence of his darker
days of tyranny and oppression.
"No one then could ever predict that a day
would come when I would travel throughout
the United States, and more particularly visit
in your hospitable home. From the day
that I landed in America I have been antici-
pating meeting Mr. Bryan and you. I am very
sorry that he is not here, but, praise be to
God, you are his noble and worthy represen-
tative.
love this country with an exceeding love,
for its inhabitants area noble people and its
government is fair and just. Its citizens are
enjoying the greatest amount of political and
civic freedom. In reality every soul is a real
sovereign and delights in the fruit of his hard-
won liberty. No one is harassed by secret
fears, and expresses his thoughts freely and
with no compunction. The sphere of the minds
is made radiant with dazzling ideals, and the
circle for the discussion of progressive and
advanced problems of the age is as large as
heaven. Consequently I hope that this illus-
trious democracy may become confirmed in
the establishment of Universal Peace, and Mr.
Bryan may become the standard-bearer of the
invulnerable army of International Arbitration.
I am very hopeful that he may fulfill my ex-
pectation, because the greatest principle of
His Holiness is Universal Peace.
He wrote about it in wonderful epistles to the
governments of the world, urging them to
come' forward and lay the foundation of Inter-
national Conciliation among the religions,
nations and races.
"America has demonstrated great organizing
capacity in this direction, and I trust Mr. Bryan
w-ill exert his utmost influence, so that the
basis of the palace of Universal Peace may be
firmly secured, and that through his wise and
deliberate effort this sun may dawn from the
horizon of the United States.
"In short, convey to your respected husband
my love and warm greetingbehalf: called at your home and
received a hearty welcome from your noble
wife and daughter. I hope that before my re-
turn to the East I may have the pleasure of
meeting you. However, under all circum-
stances I shall never forget our meeting in
Acca, and ever pray that you may become as-
sisted in the accomplishment of such service
as to cause you to shine like a brilliant star
from the horizon of everlasting glory forever
and ever. Your aims and intentions are hon-
orable, and their full realization conducive to
the public weal. In all your undertakings you
have been aided by God in the past, and will
be similarly reinforced in the future. If the
wide scope of their results are not quite mani-
fest now, they will become evident afterward.
Work for the sake of God and for the im-
provement of humanity without any expecta-
tion of praise and reward. His Holiness Christ
was not appreciated in His lifetime. The mag-
nitude of His character and the sublimity of
His teachings were duly recognized long after
[Continued on page 122]

