86 STAR OF
teachings were more or less lost in the mir-
rors. All the 'books and libraries seek to bring
these teachings fully into the outward realm of
activity. If the teachings of His Holiness Jesus
Christ had fo-und full expression in the realm
of visibility, this world would have become an-
other world; it would hav-e become the para-
dise of heaven; it would have become the
image of the Kingdom.
"First, souls practice the teachings. These
souls become the realization of the heaven of
God; they illuminate the realm of man. Now
it is my hope that you may become a perfect
mirror reflecting the teachings of 
not only in the mirro-r, but finding outward 'ex-
pression. Every night, may you think, 'Which
one of the teachings of shall I
put into my daily life tomorrow?' Should you
become assisted in the practice of one of the
teachings of the Blessed Perfection, thank God
for it a thousand you have become
helped and confirmed in that service. This is
my hope for you."
The gentleman asked, "Is the
reincarnation of Jesus Christ?"
Abdul-Baha answered: "The Manifestation
of the Essence of God is like unto the sun,
which has different risings. The dawning
places are different but the sun is always the
same. The lamps are different but the light
is one.
"Consider with the of reality. The aim
of life is reality, and reality is one. Reality
does not accept multiplicity. This is the es-
sence of the teachings, and an established, self-
evident fact. The light is the light no matter
from what lamp it shines. The rose is the
rose no matter from which rose-garden it
comes. The fruit is the fruit no matter upon
which tree it is produced. The breeze possess-es
life no matter from which direction it is waft-
ed. Always think of the breeze and not of the
direction. Look upon the flower and not upon
the earth which has produced it. Look upon
the light and not upon the lamp. Look upon
the jewels and pearls, not upon the depths of
the sea. Search and find the pearls from
whatever sea they may come, whether eastern
sea or western sea. Find the pearls, find the
jewels from whichever mine they may be;
whether it be the mine of the north or mine of
the south. Consider the teachings. If they are
truth hold fast to them; but if they are untruth
throw them away.
"We cannot say that the Manifestations are
THE WEST
either greater or lesser. In order to make
this distin.ction we 'must be greater than they.
The only thing th-at we know is this-they are
life. But to say that one is lesser and the
other greater; this is beyond the comprehension
of our intellects. In order to know' that they
are greater or lesser, we must surround them.
But we are the surrounded, not the surrounder.
We see that they bestow light,--that the rest of
the world is illumined by them ;--that is all.
Do you not thin-k that is the truth? We need
a great teacher, a great professor to say that
this teacher is inferior to the other teacher.
We are all pupils. We only know that they
are the teachers,--but so far as their degrees
are concerned, we cannot comprehend them.
If we want to do that we must be greater
than they are, so that we may examine them
and then find. o-ut which one has the greater
kno-wledge. But as we are only pupils the only
thing that we can find out and kn-ow is that
they are they have brought cer-
tain teachings for the safety of the realm of
the world."
AT THE UNITARIAN CHURCH.
Abdul-Baha with his party arrived at the
church at eleven o'clock. The church was
crowded and every available seat was take11. It
w_as a most attentive audience which listened
to those heavenly and humanitarian truths that
m-orning.* The church seats about six or eight
hundred. The pulpit is s-mall and situated very
near to the congregation. This was Children's
Day and there were many bright young faces.
Dr. Evans introduced Abdul-Baha briefly
and then gave over the morning to him. Dr.
Fareed actedas interpreter. At the close of
the service Abdul-Baha was asked to pronounce
a Benediction, after which the peo-ple crowded
around him and he shook hands with all. The
party then returned to the hotel and the various
friends went to their homes, only to return to
the hotel as early as possible in the afternoon.
AFTERNOON AT THE HOTEL RITTENHOUSE.
On arriving at the hotel later in the day we
found about fifty people in the little parlor.
Abdul--Ba"ha waved us into the room and bade
us be seated. As there were no chairs~we sat
on the floor, which pleased Abdul-Baha very
much. He said, "This is a cause of unity;
see! the Occident is sitting on the flo-o-r like the
Orient and the Orient is sitting on the chairs."
He laughed quite heartily, and then proceeded
*See No. 7 issue of the STAR or THE Wasr.

