STAR OF THE WEST 103
it in a sm-all lamp. He can communicate from
the East to the West in a moment. He is able
to confine the voice in the phonograph. He is a
dweller upon the earth, yet he penet~ra'tes the
mysteries of the distant stars. He discovers
the realities la-tent within the bosom of the
earth, uncovers treasures and reveals secrets
and mysteries of the phenomenal world, which,
according to nature, should be the unfathomable
and latent secrets. According to natural law
they should remain hidden, but man through
an ideal, invisible power can disco-ver these
realities and bring them forth from the in-
visible plane to the visible. This is contrary to
nature's law.
Therefore it becomes evident that man is
ruler over the province of nature. Nature is
not advancing whereas man is progressing.
Nature has no consciousness whereas man is
endowed with it. Nature has no volition, it
does things perforce" Whereas man possesses vo-
lition. Nature is incapable of discovering mys-
teries or realities whereas man is em-powered
to do so. Nature is not in touch with the
realm of God whereas man is in tune there-
with. Nature is uninformed of God but man
is conscious of God. Man can acquire virtues
whereas nature is bereft of them. Man can vol-
untarily discontinue vices whereas nature can-
not. It is evident that ma.n is more noble, su-
perior to nature; that in him there is ideal
power surpass-ing nature.
Man has consciousness and volition whereas
nature is devoid; man is endowed with mem-
ory which nature lacks; man is endowed with
the power of intelligence whereas nature is
bereft; man is empowered with ideal attri-
butes, and virtues whereof nature is utterly
deprived. Hence man is nobler than nature
because of the ideal force latent and manifest
in him.
How strange then it seems that man, not-
withstanding his endowment with these ideal
powers, will descend to a level beneath him
and adore that which is very inferior to his
station. God has created such a holy spirit
Within him that he is the mo-st noble of 'all
contingent beings>>. In ignoring these virtues
he becomes a captive of matter, considers inat-
ter as a go-d and denies that w'hich lies beyond
the natural plane. Is this virtue? This in its
fullest truth is animalistic, for the animal rea-
lizes nothing but the natural. In fact the ani-
mal is the greater philosopher because it is
utterly ignorant of the Kingdom of God, pos-
sesses no spiritual susceptibilities and is unin-
formed of the Heavenly World. In short, this
is the pathway of nature.
The second pathway is that of religion, which
is the pathway of tihe Divine real-Am. It involves
the acquisition of praisewo~rth~y attributes in
the world of humanity, heavenly radiance and
commendable actions. This pathway is con-
ducive to the progress and uplift of the world.
It is the source of the illumination of the world
of humanity; the cause of human training and
ethical improvement. It is the magnet which
attracts the lo-ve of God, because of the knowl-
edge of God it bestows. This is the foundation
of the Holy Manifestations of God, for they
are in reality the foundation of the Divine Re-
ligion of Oneness. There is no change or
transformation in this pathway. It is the cause
of human betterment, the acquisition of heav-
enly virtues, and illumination of human kind.
But ailas! that humanity is submerged so ut-
terly in imiita-tions, although the Reality of
Divine Religion is ever t-he same. Most re-
grettabileis it that superstitions have obscured
the Reality, so that the world has become
darkened and the illumination of Religion is
no-t apparent. This darkness is conducive to
differences because dogmas and rites are va-
rious and have become the cause of discord
between the religious systems whereas Relig-
ion is for the unification of mankind. Religion
is the cause of love amongst men, the cause
of amity, the cause of the acquisition of praise-
worthy qualities, but people -have become sub-
merged in the sea of imitation, and holding to
these counte-rfeits, are utterly negligent of the
Reality which unifies and are bereft of the
radiance of Religion. They are holding to
superstitions which are a heritage from their
fathers and ancestors. To the extent that
these imitations have caused darkness, they
have taken away the light of Religion. That
which was meant to be conducive of life has
become conducive of death; that which was an
evidence of knowledge has become a proof
of ignorance; that which was a factor in the
sublimity of human nature has proved to be a
cause of its degradation. Therefore the realm
of the religionist has gradually disappeared
and become darkened and the world' of the
m-aterialist has daily advanced. For that which
the former held' -to was no other than counter-
feit or imitation, while holiness and sacred
Reality of Religion was neglected and dis-
carded.
[Continued on page 105]

