STAR OF THE WEST
Afterwards, they witnessed the result contrary to their expectations; for
with the of His Holiness the Bab, the Word of God was pro-
mulgated more widely. Then, changing their front, they expected the de-
parture of the Blessed Perfection, dreaming vainly that after His ascension
the Blessed Tree would be uprooted. Praise be to God, that through the
Bounty and Bestowal of the Blessed Perfection they were stricken with
self-condemnation and grief. In a similar manner, the pretenders and Cove-
nant-breakers are waiting the decease and the passing away of Abdul-Baha
in various and divers manners; i. either that he may be cast to the botsuspended high on a cross, either be banished to the
remotest country, be imp-risoned in the dark dungeon of a fortress or through
manifold sickness and illness he may quit singing the Songs of Life and the
Anthems of thus after him they might obtain a field for the dis-
play of their nefarious activities and the promotion of their poisonous ideas.
Alas! Alas! Vain is their imaginings. \Vhether Abdul-Baha does
exist or not the Cause of God shall be protected and preserved from all these
supposed dangers through the Power of the Kingdom of ABHA. Were the
wheels of the Cause of God stopped in their onward progressive march
through the setting of those two brilliant suns (The Bab and 
or is it possible that through the death of this servant of the Threshold, the
Cause of God will lose its influence? Alas! Alas! Ere long you shall
see them (the nakezeen) in manifest loss!
Soon after the ascension of while they were weltering in
the midst of rebellion and violation, I predicted that in a short space of time
you would see the nakezeen in evident deprivation! The present condition
is an unmistakable assurance that that prediction has literally been fulfilled.
Therefore, rest ye assured that their present baseless surmise-s will be
as barren and as fruitless as their past imaginings. Some have also asserted
that Abdul-Baha is on the eve of bidding his last farewell to this wo-rld,
that his physical energies are being depleted and drained and that ere long
these complications shall put an end to his life. This is far from truth.
Although in the outward estimation of the violators and defective-minded the
body is weak on account of the great ordeals in the Blessed Path, yet, praise
be to God, through the Providence of the Blessed Perfection the spiritual
forces are in the utmost rejuvenation and strength. Thanksgiving behooveth
the Lord, that now, through the blessing and benediction of 
even the physical energies are fully restored, divine joy obtained, the supreme
glad-tidings are resplendent and ideal happiness overflowing. I hope that, in
the future, letter-writing and correspondence may continue uninterruptedly.
0 ye loyal friends of the Blessed Perfection! It is hoped that, through
the wonderful bestowals of that Peerless Adored Qne, a new dynamic accla-
mation and stirring activity be realized amongst the divine believers so that
they may obtain boundless rejoicing and exultation through the Melody of
the Kingdom of ABHA, which has moved the invisible world. and arise in
the delivery of the Word of that the Holy Fragrance of God may
transform the East and the West into the Paradise of ABHA, the Clouds
of Grace change the surface of the earth into a delectable Rose-garden and

