STAR OF THE WEST 151
Diyine Providence and Heavenly Bounties, like unto
the Radiance of the Beauty of the Beloved. I testify,
friends, that the Bounty has become complete, the
Evidence is accomplished, the Argument manifested,
and the Reason alfirmed. Now what will your en-
deavors show forth from the degrees of devotion? Thus
are the favors perfected unto ye and unto all who are
in the heavens and earths. Praise be unto God,
the Lord of all mankind!
Mr. Kinney chanted the following:
my God! my God! Unite the hearts of Thy
servants and reveal to them Thy Great Purpose. May
they follow Thy Commandments and abide in 'Thy
Law. Help them, God, in their endeavor, and grant
them strength to serve Thee. God, leave them not
to themselves, but guide their steps by the Light of
Knowledge and cheer their hearts by Thy Love. Ver-
ily, Thou art their Helper and their Lord!
After the singing of the "Benediction" by the
congregation, Mr.' Hall read the following
prayer:
my Lord! Make them Thy refulgent dawns
which shine and gleam upon the temple of unity, so
that they may be resuscitated from the tombs of neg-
ligence, unfurl the standards of virtue and chant the
verses of self~abnegati0n and renunciation while hast-
ening toward the altar of sacrifice. Verily, Thou art
especialiaing to Thy Mercy whomsoever 'Thou willest
and, verily, Thou art powerful in all things.
PUBLIC MEETING, TUESDAY EVENING, APRIL
28TH, ASSEMBLY HALL, NORTHWESTERN
UNIVERSITY BUILDING.
The public meeting was even more largely
attended than the meeting on Monday evening,
and the same Spirit pervaded the Assembly.
Mr. Hall presided and introduced the friends
who spoke. Mrs. Haney read the words of
Abdul-Bahia on the Divine Educator (STAR OF
THE Issue No. 6, Vol. 4). Mrs. Ives
told the simple, touching story of a sweet soul
"who lived the 1ife." Mrs. Guy, of Boston
gave a stirring address, paying glowing tributes
to the great religious movements of the world
today; to Christian Science with its teachings
of Love, Unity and Healing; the Woman's
Movement, and many others, all teeming with
courage, Love, Life, all rays of the Glorious
Sun of Truth which is shining in the world
today through the Revelation of 
Mr. Kinney chanted in most melodious cadence
the chant:
Glory be to Thee, my God and my Beloved! Thy
Fire is burning in me, my Lord, and I feel its glow-
ing in every member of my weak body. Every organ
of my temple declares Thy Power and I'lIy Might, and
every member testifies that Thou art powerful over all
things. By Thy Strength I am strong to withstand
all trials and temptations. Make firm Thy Love in my
heart, and then I can bear all the swords of the earth.
Verily, every hair of my head says: "Were it not for
trials in Thy Path I should not have appreciated Thy
Love!" my Lord, strengthen me to remain firm
and to uphold the hands of Thy Cause, to serve Thee
among 'Thy people. Thou art Loving! Thou art
Bountiful!
Rev. Albert R. Vail delivered a most instruc-
tive, stirring and eloquent presentation of the
Bahai Message. The speaker so thrilled all
those present and proceeded with such rapidity
and precision through his theme that those who
were taking notes forgot to record as they lis-
tened. We hope to induce Mr. Vail to repro-
duce this>> address in some form for future pub-
lication. He le-d to this climax: The thing
new and unique is the Divine Authority in
which the Revelation of is uttered.
He spoke in the assurance of Divine Authority,
the Authority that was in Jesus, and lived the
Truth he spoke.
MEETING or THE WEDNESDAY
MORNING, APRIL 29TH.
The newly elected Executive Board met at
the horn-e of Mrs. True, Wednesday morning,
April 29th, and elected the following officers
for the ensuing year:
ALBERT H. HALL, New York Life Bldg., Min-
neapolis, Minn., President.
MRS. ANNIE L. PARMERTON, 543 Mitchell
Ave., Cincinnati, Ohio, Vice-President.
ALFRED E. LUNT, 15 State St., Boston, Mass.,
Secretary.
WM. H. RANDALL, 114 State St, Boston,
Mass, Assistant Secretary.
MRS. TRUE, 5338 Kenmore Ave,
Chicago, Financial Secretary.
MRS. 53-38 Kenmore Ave.,
Chicago, Assistant Financial Secretary.
BERNARD M. 556 Howland Ave.,
Kenlosha, Wis., Treasurer.
OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue con-
tains: (1) Talk by Abdul-Baha published in
The Christian Commonwealth (in Arabic);
(2) talk by Abdul-Baha at feast of Mirza Ali
Akbar Nakhjavani, Haifa, Syria; (3) good
news from Chiraz and Enzeli, Persia.
Denver, (4) the European Bahais;
(5) the Day of Prayer in America; (6) the
War of the world.
VOICE RECORDS OF ABDUL-BAHA may be obtained from Mrs. Howard acNutt,
935 Eastern Parkway, Brooklyn, N. Y., at 85 cents each, including packing and shipment
via parcel post. These are disc records and can be used on various phonographs.

