STAR OF THE WEST 199
sion of the Love of God! May itlproclaim the
solidarity of mankind! May it be the cause
of the guidance of the human race! Therefore
I request you to give this all-important ques-
tion your most serious consideration and ef-
forts. Thus may the world of humanity ob-
tain peace and composure. Thus may this dark
world be transformed into a realm of radiance.
Thus may the East and the West clasp hands
together. Thus may the Oneness of God be-
come reflected and fully revealed or mirrored
forth in the hearts of humanity and all man-
kind prove to be the manifestations of the
Favors of God.
Necessarily there will be some who are
defective amongst men, but it is our duty to
enable the defective, by kind processes of edu-
cation, to become perfected. There necessarily
will be those who are sick, morally sick. They
should be treated in order that they may become
well. There are those who are childlike. They
must be trained and educated so that they may
reach maturity. Those who are asleep must be
awakened. Those who are indifferent must
become mindful. But all this must be accom-
plished in the spirit of kindness; not by war-
fare nor in a spirit of hostility; not in blood-
shed, for this is contrary to the good pleasure
of God. That which is acceptable in the sight
of God is Love. Love is surely the first Efful-
gence of Divinity and the greatest Splendor
of God!
Prayer chanted by Abdul-Baha. as on
"Benediction"
Thou Tender Lord! Thou who art
Generous and Able! We are servants of Thine,
sheltered beneath Thy Providence! Cast Thy
glance of favor towards us! Give light to the
eyes, give hearing to the ears and understand-
ing and love to the heart. Render joyous and
happy the souls through Thy Glad Tidings!
Lord! Point to all of us the Pathway of Thy
Kingdom and resuscitate all through the
Breaths of the Holy Spirit! Vouchsafe to all
the Life~Everlasting and confer the Honor
never-ending! Unify mankind and illumine
the world of humanity! May we all of us fol-
low Thy Pathway and seek Thy Good--Pleasure
and pronounce the mysteries of Thy Kingdom!
God! Unite us and connect the hearts with
Thy indissoluble bond! Verily Thou art the
Giver, Thou art the Kind One and Thou art
the Almighty!
TABLETS AND LETTERS FROM GERMANY
Stuttgart, Sept. 25, 1914.
Mr. A. R. Windust, Chicago.
Dear Bahai brother 
I send you herewith Mr. Remey's letter.
The visit of the dear ones was indeed a
great blessing to us, especially at these times.
The meetings were all very well attended and
many extra afternoon meetings were held.
Many new souls were led into the Kingdom
and the glad--tidings were received by many.
They were wonderful days of spreading the
fragrances of the Kingdom of ABHA, The
friends never tire in their efforts and so the
work keeps on advancing. It is always a great
pleasure for me to come to Stuttgart, Esslingen
and Zuffenhausen and see the advancement of
the new souls and the spiritual growth of the
friends. We are very thankful to God that
in the last year several cities became blessed
through Abdul-Baha's mentioning them. I left
Stuttgart last year for Leipzig and visited on
my way Gmunt, Gotha and Chemnitz. The glad
tidings were given to many and we have now
friends in those places. In Gera, two hours'
ride from Leipzig, are also active Bahais. In
several other places the teachings were given
with very good results. I hope in a short time
to return again to Leipzig to continue my
work there. The friends seem to think it will
b-e a great blessing for this land, and I thank
God that He has chosen me for this great Work.
I ask the friends to pray for us always, that
we may become a strong Center. 'Ne will en-
deavor to spread the Bahai teachings to other
places also.
Everything is perfectly quiet are
busy taking care of the wounded soldiers. The
arrangements here are splendid--all are well
cared for. The Lazaretts (hospitals) are com-
fortably arranged and the wounded soldiers are
well remembered with flowers, cigars, choco-
lates and cakes. The prisoners receive the
same care, yet a good many of them are mis-
trustful and believe they will be killed yet.
What astonishes me the most is that so little
hatred is shown by the Germans, though the
German soldiers are almost always brought
back in a terrible condition. . . .
Bahai love and greetings men Your friend in the Covenant,
(Signed) ALMA S. KNOBLOCH.
Original in German; translated into English by
Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Ioas, Chicago.
[Continued on page 202}

