202 STAR OF THE WEST
TABLETS AND LETTERS FROM GERMANY
[Continued from page 199]
VISITING TABLET FOR FRAU BABETTE RUOFF
A Visiting Tablet for the Maidserr/ant of God, Frau Babette Ruofi',
Upon her he BAHA-EL-ABHAI
HE IS eon!
Almighty! 
Endear thou this maidservant of Thy.Threshold, Frau Ruofi, in the Kingdom of Thy Holiness, and
submerge her_ in the Ocean of Sight. Overlook her shortcomings; confer upon her Thy Grace! Vouchsafe
her Thy Purity in the Court of the Paradise of Bestow upon her Eternal Life and suffer her to
gficonlge tjhe manifestlor gf infinite bestowals in the meeting of transfiguration. Verily Thou art the Generous!
ar oner and ompassionate
Translated by Mirza. Ahmad Sohrab, April 18, 1914, home of Abdul-Baha, Mt. Carmel, Haifa, Syria.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Stuttgart, Germany, Sept. 15, 1914.
To Albert R. Windust, Esq., Chicago.
My Dear Albert 
I send a few lines to you and the friends of
Chicago to inform you of the happiness and
wel1~being of the Bahais in this country.
Although there is in this troublesome time
no material safety, rest or peace, and all hu-
manity suffers terribly, yet the friends of God
are in the greatest activity, in spiritual tran-
quility and heavenly fragrance. They have
meetings every day and their voices are raised
in the song of the Covenant and hearts are
illumined. The people are firm in the Center
of the raise no questions in
regard to the divine institutions of Abdul-Baha,
hence their meetings are in a growing condi-
tion of joy and fragrance. The physical sorrow
at present is causing the people in general to
turn their thoughts to God and inquire into
the reality of spiritual things. One sees new
and hopeful faces in every meeting and while
the countiy here is in such a deplorable con-
dition, yet the people of the Covenant work
continually in spreading the Message of the
Kingdom, and the result of their labor is ap-
parent on all sides.
Dr. Habibollah, Mirza Azizollah (the two
Persians), Mr. Latimer and myself were called
to Acca by Abdul-Baha. We are at present
detained in Stuttgart on account of the passes
of our two Persian friends, which had to be
sent back to Berlin for correction. Just as
soon as they come back, we shall start for the
Holy -Land.
All the friends -here join in sending their
love and greetings.
Miss K110-bloch was kind enough to translate
this letter into German because only German
letters are allowed to be sent at this time, and
they must be open.
Your friend in the Cause of God,
(Signed) CHARLES Mason REMEY.
Original translated into German by Alma S. Knobloch,
Stuttgart, Germany; retranslated into English
by Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Ioas, Chicago.
thou maidserr/ant of God!
Thy letter was received. I am much occupied, therefore brevity is befitting. Be very grateful to Miss
Alma Knobloch and Miss Anna Kiistlin, for they became the cause of thy guidance.
Thy beloved mother ascended to the at ex of the Kingdom. She is the associate and the companion
TABLET TO JULIA STAEBLER
Through Miss Alma Knobloch, to the maidservant of God, Fraulein Julia Staebler;
Upon her be 
HE IS GOD
of the spiritual ones. They witness this world and the inhabitants there-of, for the veil is rent asunder and
the covering is taken away from before the insight. Beg of God for them the exaltation of spiritual degrees.
Praise-be to Go-d that, on the Day of the Declaration of His Holiness the BAB, you celebrated the Feast
with the utmost beauty. The nineteen days' Feast has the utmost importance, that the beloved ones may
gather in a meeting, be occupied with the utmost love and fellowship in mentioning the name of God, and
speak about the glad tidings of God, deliver the proofs and evidences of the appearance of 
mention the praiseworthy deeds and the sacrifices endured by the Believers of God in Persia, talk about the
severance and the attraction of the and remember the co-operation and the mutual assistance of the
friends. Therefore this nineteen days' Feast is most important. 
i The believers of G0d_in Persia sacrifice their lives in the path of each. other, the rich g1v'e to the poor,
and the worthies protect and guard the weak ones.
Convey to all the friends the wonderful greeting of ABHA.
Upon ye be Baha-el~ABnA.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Asms.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Dublin, N. H., August 7, 1912.
OUR PERSIAN SECTION
This issue contains: (1) Talk by Abdul-
Baha to Mr. and Mrs. Moser in Paris; (2)
talk by Abdul-Baha regarding the war of the
world; (3) article on Universal Peace and the
terrors of war by M. Abul-Kassim, Golestane,
Shirazi; (4) good news from India; Tab-
let to Mrs. Stannard, (bi) article by Mrs. Stan-
nard, in the Sind Gazette, India.

