166 STAR OF THE WEST
soned the ground with the blood of thy brothers! Thy hand is stained with their
blood! Thou hast slaughtered and butchered Go-d's own children! Thou hast
destroyed the living temples of the Spirit! Thou hast trampled under thy feet the
rights of men! Thou hast snuffed out the burning lamps of life and truth! It
IS strange, passing strange, that notwithstanding all these violations of Divine Law,
thou art yet Wantonly boasting and -exalting thyself above all mankind."
VVhen Abdul-Baha finished speaking, the
room was throbbing with the Spirit! There
was a blind singer from Egypt, and he com-
menced chanting a number of sacred songs.
VVhen we left the holy Presence, the spell of
his powerful word was still with us, and I be-
lieve it will continue to be with us as as we
live.
%1 
A MESSAGE TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
Fl'0m the San Francisco Chronicle, October 4, 1912
ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS, NOTED PERSIAN TEACHER, ARRIVES
APOSTLE OF UNIVERSAL PEACE AND BROTHERHOO9)
TO DELIVEQ SERIES OF LECTURES
viiq
BDUL-BAHA ABBAS, the Persian
A teacher and disciple of universal peace,
the oneness of humanity, the oneness
of God, universal love, the eradication of
prejudice, arrived in San Francisco early
yesterday morning. He has been in the United
States six months, and though his arrival
here had been arranged for and expected for
several days by the local assembly of Bahais,
no one was at the railroad station to meet him.
This was in accordance with the expressed wish
of the venerable teacher. He had telegraphed
that he desired to enter the city quietly. His
train was eight hours late and he with his suite
drove to the house at 1815 California Street,
which has been prepared for his residence dur-
ing his three weeks stay here.
Accompanying Abdul-Baha were Dr. Ameen
U. Fareed, Mirza Ahmad Sohrab and Mirza
Mahmoud of Persia, Mirza Ali Akbar of Russia
and M. Fugeta of japan. They will act as in-
terpreters to A-bdul-Baha in the series of lec-
tures he will deliver in San Francisco and the
transbay cities.
Abdul-Baha's career is romantic. He went
to the prison fortress of Akka, near Mount
Carmel, in Palestine, with his father when
twenty years of age. 'With no schooling, except
the teaching of his noble father, he spent forty
years in prison. Since his release four years
ago he has traveled in Egypt, Continental
Europe and England, pleading for the removal
of prejudice and the establishment of universal
peace.
At the house were a score of people, mostly
women. One woman said she did not think
Abdul-Baha would see a reporter, as he was
going to Oakland in the afternoon. But he did.
IS STRIKING FIGURE.
Abdul-Baha is of middle stature, strongly
built, and wears long, light-colored robes. His
forehead is high, broad and full, his nose 
aquiline and his beard and mustache gray-white.
His eyes are gray and blue, large, soft, pene-
trating. I-Iis gray hair rests on his shoulders.
"My greatest happiness this morning," said
he, "is this: That I have come to such a mod-
ern and progressive city. Praise be to God,
everything is beautiful and there seems to be
much joy here."
After a few questions and answers he was
shown a copy of the Chronicle containing the
full accounts of war preparations in the Balkan
states and Turkey. He inquired if actual hos-
tilities had -begun and then asked 
"V\7ill the Chroizicle take a message from me
to the American people?" Answered in the af-
lirrnative, he dictated an appeal for universal
peace.
AN APPEAL FOR PEACE.
"Praise be to God: The United States has
in reality made extraordinary progress; day by
day they are advancing toward the ultimate
goal. The material virtues of the people are
many; now they must think of the ideal vir-
tues, so that the highest of the perfections of
humanity may illumine the regions of America.
Among the highest virtues is universal peace,
the oneness of humanity. The chief ailment of
humanity today is international strife; this
rnilitates against the advancement of the ma-
terial and ideal virtues.

