116 sr/112 on THE WEST
and bards, knowledge will improve the con-
ditions and mankind will be rocked in the
cradle o-f felicity and bliss. Then, whether
a government is constitutional or rep-ub-lican,
hereditary mo-narchy or democratic, the rul-
ers will devote their time to the prosperity of
their nations, the legislation of just and sane
law-s and the fostering of closer and more
amicable relations with their neighb-o-rs--thus
will the world of humanity become a mirror
reflecting the virtue-s and attributes o-f the
'Kingdom o-f God."
Question: "What is your opinion concern-
ing disarmament?"
Answer: "By a general agreement all the
governments of the world must disarm simul-
taneously and at the same time. It will not
do if one lays down the arms and the other
refuses to do so. The nations of the world
must concur with each other concern-ing this
supremely important =s-ubject, thus they may
abandon together the deadly weapons o-f
human slaughter. As long as one nation in-
creases her military and naval budget, an--
other nation. will be forced into this crazed
competition through her natural and supposed
interests. For example, Germany has unce-as-
ingly added to a vast sum for the maintenance
of her army; this alarms the French statesmen
and volatile patriots, and affects the calm and
steady nerves of the Britishers across the
channel. Immediately there will be rumors
of war; German aggression, German ambition,
the yellow journals write scaring editorials,
jingoism becomes the topic of the capitals and
the air will be filled with suspicions. Someone
will see, for the purpose of expediency, a Ger-
man dirigi'ble flying over French fortifications
or English forts, making observations, where-
up-on a hue and a cry will be rais-ed from every
quarter of the country, and thus there will be a
corresponding increase in the estimates of the
Minister of War for the defense of our homes
and our hearths, our women and our sweet-
hearts, from the attacks of strangers l' The
same argument is resorted to when the French
nation adds one or two years to her military
conscription, and the English Imperialists em-
phasize in pub-lic meetings the doctrine of the
'double standard power.' Now as long as
Germany continues in her own military p-er-
fection, the French will walk in her footsteps,
trying at every turn to increase their own war
ammunitio-n, to be prepared for any national
crisis or sudden attack. Hence, it seems, the
only solution lies in the fact of universal dis-
armament on the part of the nations.
"When We speak of Universal Peace, we
mean that all the governments must change
their fleets of battleships and dreadnaughts to
a mighty fleet of merchant marine, plying the
oceans -of the world, uniting the distant shores
and interweaving the commercial, intellectual
and moral forces of mankind. But should
England alone transform the character of her
warships, she would be at the mercy of her ene-
mies and would remain powerless and defense-
less. The British Isles would unquestionably be
threatened by a powerful invading, well-dis-
ciplincd host. Hence, aside from any national
prowess, the English people would be pushed
into this weltering whirlpool of military and
naval expenditures, and would be struggling to
keep their heads above the seething water all
around them, which, unless calmed down, would
drown all of them, irrespective of any nation-
ality.
"Once a person met his friend in the street,
and after the exchange of courtesies, gave him
a hard blow in the face. 'Why dost thou do
this?' 'Hast thou not read in the Gospel
wherein Christ shall smite
thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other
also !--Now according to this admonition, let
me smite thee on thy left cheek also.' The
man submitted to the second blow quite Will-
-ingly, and they parted. Next day, they met
each other again, and the man received two
more blows on his cheeks without any evident
murmur. They met the third day, and he was
going to inflict upon him the same blows.
'Wait a minute, my friend. I am not the only
person in the world to live according to the
Teaching of Christ. Thou also art one. I
have obeyed Him two days, and the next two
days will be thy turn.' With these words, he
smote the man on his cheek, and asked him to
'turn the other also.'
"Now the question of disarmament must be
put into practice by all the nations and not
only by one or two. Consequently the advo-
cates of Peace must strive day and night, so
that the individuals of every country may
become peace-lo-ving, public opinion may gain
a strong and permanent footing, and day by
day the army of International Peace be in-
creased, complete disarmament be realized and
the Flag of Universal Conciliation be waving
on the summit of the mountains of the earth."
Question: "How can Universal Peace be
realized?"
Answer: "The ideals of Peace must be
nurtured and sp-read among the inhabitants
of the world; they must be instructed in the

