STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. 
Entered as lecond-class matner April 9, 1911, at the poet oflice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Editorial Stafl: ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE ZIA M. BAGDADI
1-{orgiory Member: Mmoa human SOHRAB 
Terms: $1.50 per yefi; 15 cents per copy
Note -- Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWB SERVICE, P, 0. Box 283, Chicago, U, 5. A.
T0 perlonal checks please add to cover the bani: exchange.
in is i I.
Address all communications to News SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! ms Is oo_n1 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmfle-hr! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Anus.
Vol. Elm 1, gie7ll:(:W0:(:t0ber 16, 1914-) N0. 12
RECENT TABLET TO THE PERSIAN BAHAIS
HE. Is Goo!
ye friends of the heart and soul of Abdui--Baha!
The violators of the Covenant have raised a new cry and have written
to Europe "That Abdul--Baha has become exceedingly weak, that he is no
longer able to perform any work, and that he is in great danger and before
long he will say his farewell words. Now, this is our chance."
From this news suddenly through the blessing of the Blessed Perfection
health was granted to me. Immediately I began to write Tablets so that
the "Aiadi""' of the Cause of God would give the Glad-tidings to the
friends that Abdul-Baha is not weak. Through the help and assistance
and the blessing and confirmation of the Blessed Beauty he is exceedingly
healthy, and the proof of it is that day and night he is either writing or
revealing (Tablets). Through my own will power all the dis--
appeared. In short, now I am writing with exceeding joy and happiness.
The writings oi Mirza my life be a sacrifice to
am sending to you in order that you 'will, all together, compile books
from these writings and immediately print and circulate them.
I expect Divine confirmations for the "Aiacli" of the Cause of God.
Upon them be the blessings of their benevolent Lord.
Upon ye be 
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
it "Aiadi" means "hands" and refers to four Bahais in Teheran, Persia. I
OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue contains: (1) Tablet for Bahais, East and 'West; (2) Talk by
Abdul-Baha pertaining to the war of the world; (3) Tablet acknowledging congratulations from friends in
Russia; (4) Tablet regarding spreading the Fragrances of God in the blessed city, Noor, and Mazendaran,
Persia; (5) glad-tidings from Bancla Juz, Persia; (6) news from the Holy Land; (7) annoizncement
fi:gargingTvoice record of Abdul-Baha; (8) photograph from friends in Batum, Russia; (9) poem by Mirza
oss outy.

