STAR OF THE WEST 135
serving, has greater capacity therefor, and is
not like other countries. If other nations
should take such a step, everybody will misin-
terpret the motive. For example, if Great
Britain sho-uld take the step, it will be said
that it is done in order to insure the safety of
her colonies. If France should hoist the
standard, they will say she has some interest
therein. If Russia should raise the ensign,
the Whole Russian nation would say it is an
effort to preserve the homogeneity of Russia.
But the American government has no selfish
interest in this. You have, strictly speaking,
no colonies to preserve. You are not endeavor-
ing to extend your domains; n-or have you any
need for territorial aggressiveness. Therefore
if America takes the first step toward this di-
rection, it is certain to be ascribed to altruism.
It will be said by humanity, "There was no
other purpose than altruism and service to
mankind." Therefore it is my hope that you
may be the cause, and that you may hoist this
banner--for this banner will 'be hoisted. Raise
it aloft, for you are deserving above all other
nations. In the other countries there are many
who are waiting for this summons, anxiously
anticipating this call from some nation bidding
all to the "Most Great Peace,"' for the people
are distressed because of the excessive and ir-
reparable damage of war. Thousands of the
farmers are taxed and expenses collected for
war. Every year the tax increases and the
people have come to their end. Just now you
can say Europe is a battlefield; like ammuni-
tion ready for a spark, and one spark can set
a/lame the whole world?' Before these compli-
cations and colossal events happen, take a step
and prevent it. The foundations of all the
Divine religions are peace and amity; but mis-
understandings have crept into them. If these
misunderstandings disappear, you will see that
all the religious agencies will work for peace,
and promulgate the oneness of human kind.
For the foundation of all is One Reality and
Reality is not multiple or divisible. For ex-
ample, His Holiness Moses founded this Real-
ity; His Holiness Jesus hoisted the tent of
Reality, and the light of this Reality shone
forth in all the religions. His Holiness 
LLAH proclaimed this Reality and promulgated
the "Most Great Peace." In the prison He
rested not until He lighted this lamp in the
East.
Praise be to God! all the people who have
accepted the teachings of are
peace lovers and are ready to sacrifice their
lives and forfeit their fortunes for it. Now
let this standard be hoisted in the West and
many shall respond to the call. Just as Amer-
ica has become renowned because of her
discoveries, inventions and skill; famous for
the equity of her government and colossal un-
dertakings--may she also become noted for the
"Most Great Peace." Let this be her under-
taking, and let it spread from her to other
countries. And I pray for all of you that you
may render this service to the world of hu-
manity.
*Revealed in 1912.--Edit0rs.
ANNOUNCEMENT
THE BAHA1 PROOFS 
ALSO A SHORT SKETCH or THE
HISTORY AND LIVES OF THE LEADERS OF THIS RELIGION
By MIRZA ABUL-FAZL
Second Edition of the best known Work in English by this eminent Disciple of 
Published at the Command of ABDUL--BAHA. 288 Pages,
type entirely reset and newly arranged, contains portrait
and autograph signature of Author .. .. BOUND IN CLOTH, 
Add 10 cents for Postage
Order from MISS MARY LESCH, (new address) 4319 Lake Park Avenue
CHICAGO, ILL., U. S. A.

