52 STAR OF THE WEST
STAR or THE Wnsr. The room was large and
lighted, and the repast bounteous and
palatable. Chairman Windtist opened with the
Words of the Center of the Covenant--"O
People, the doors of the Kingdom are opened"
--then appropriately and warmly welcomed the
visiting delegates, and the following responded,
in the order named, to- the invitation of the
Chairman: Mrs. Geary of Seattle, Wash.,
Miss Edna McKinney of Maiden, Mass., Mrs.
Nellie Phillips of Los Angeles, Mr. William H.
Hoar of Iersey City, N. Mrs. Lincoln of
Brooklyn, Mr. Alfred E. Lunt of Boston, Mr.
Louis G. Gregory o-f Washington, Di. C., Mrs.
Christ Olsen of Racine, Wis., Mrs. Nels Peter-
son of Fruitport, Mich, Mrs. Kate Ives of
Salem, Mass, Mr. Edward B. Kinney of New
York, Mrs. Annie L. Pamlerton of Cincinnati,
Miss Marion E. Jack of London, England, Miss
Elsie Pomeroy of Montreal, Mrs. West of Spo-
kane, VVash., Mrs. George L. Drum of Balti-
more, Mrs. Frank /Spink of Muskegon, Mich,
Miss Cora E. Gray of Urbana, Ill., and Mr.
Albert H. Hall of Minneapolis. In all, nine-
teen contributed a few words direct from their
hearts, in most cases bringing the loving
greetings from each Assembly to Chicago-, giv-
ing a brief account of the conditions in the
Cause in each place and adding some special
thought of joy, exhortation and love to this
feast of good things, thus preparing the hearts
for the meetings to follow.
Sunday morning at ll o'clock was the sched-
uled time for the gathering of the people on
the Mash1'ak-el-Azkar grounds in Wilinette. As
the groups assembled from their different lo-
cations, thoughts and memories turned back-
ward two years to that occasion (whose mean-
ing will ever wax greater) when His Holiness
Abdul-Baha lifted up his blessed voice at the
dedication of these grounds, saying: "The
Power which has gathered you here is truly a
colossal Power. It is the Power;
it is a Di'0i1ie Power which gafthers you hither.
It is the Far/or of which
gotliered you together," Never did the air seem
balmier, or the sunlight more brilliant--while
just over the rise incomparable Lake Michigan
shone and gleamed, sending forth its unrivalled
coloring. and all in motion with the light
breezes. Is it to-0 much to say that as the years
pass, and generations march on, even this beau-
tiful picture will gradually fade in the memory
and will no more be known--while ever in-
creasing in power and significance, furnishing
the real motive and reason for all these anni-
versaries that are to come, will stand the figure
of Him whose love has brought us together,
who came "out of the East"--"out of prison"-
to this far country, setting up here His Banner
of Divine Love which is the true sovereignty,
and on this spot uttered words of dedication
concerning that great symbol of the oneness
of humanity--the Mashrak-el-Azkar?
There was no formal service on this occa-
sion. The worship was of an inner rather than
an outer nature. Presently, Mr. Albert H.
Hall, Chairman of the Temple Unity, called the
friends together near the sp-ot designated as
the center of the Edifice, and after a few words
of explanation, read most impressively a por-
tion from the Surat--ul--Hykl. Perhaps never
did the meaning of that most profound dis-
course penetrate the understanding more than
on this occasion. Itself a discourse of the
Temple, the depth and profundity of the
thought seemed to clear, and as the expres-
sions of the Surat addressed to: Temple of
Holiness" (pp. 41, 42); Heart of this
Temple" 43); thou Foot of this Tem-
ple: We have created Thee from the iron--be
straightforward in the way of thy Lord that
through Thee will be straightened the feet of
the devotees in the Path of Thy Lord the
Precious, the Wise" 39) were read, the
mind seemed to grasp more -definitely than be-
fore something of the meaning of the words
of His Holiness Abdul-Baha when he said that
"The Mashrak--el-Azkar represents the Body of
the Manifestation."
At 3 p. m. the first public meeting was held
in Sts. John Hall, Masonic Temple. This took
the form of a sacred service, with Mr. Charles
H. Greenleaf presiding. The hall was full and
contained many seekers. and also many of the
Chicago Assembly who had not previously ap-
peared at the earlier gatherings. All were
happy. The opening was a piano number enti-
tled "Peace, Sweet Peace," by Miss Lillian
James, following which the congregation sang
"Great Day of God." Chairman Greenleaf then
read from the Hidden Words the beautiful
paragraphs beginning--"O Son of Spirit, I have
created thee rich: why dost thou make thyself
poor? Noble have I made thee: why dost thou
degrade thyself?" etc. Son of Man Thou
art My Possession, and My Possession shall
never be destroyed: why art thou in fear of thy
destruction? Thou art My Light and My
Light shall never become extinct: why dost
thou dread extinction? Thou art My Glory
(BAHA) and My Glory shall not be veiled:
Thou art My Garment and My Garment shall
never be outworn. Therefore abide in thy

