STAR OF THE WEST 14-9
Mrs. Annie Lincoln, Brooklyn, N. Miss
Edna McKinney, Maiden, Mass. and Philadel-
phia, Pa.; Mrs. Nellie Phil-lips, Los Angeles,
Cal.; Mrs. Kate Ives, Salem, Mass; Miss Mar-
ian E. Jack, London, Eng. Mrs. Mabel Geary,
Seattle, VVash., and Detroit, Mich.; Mrs. Kate
West, Spokane; Mrs. Guy, Boston; Mrs. E. B.
Kinney, New York City and Mon-tclair, N. 
Mrs. Annie L. Parmerton, Cincinnati; Mrs.
Christ Olsen, Racine, Wis. Mrs. Vogler, Cin-
cinnati; Mrs. Logie, Passaic, N. Mrs. Nels
Peterson, Fruitport, Mich.; Miss Elsie Pome-
roy, Montreal, Canada; Mrs. Laura L. Drum,
Baltimore, Md.; Mrs. True, Chicago; Mrs.
Ashton, Rockford, 111.; Mrs. Hargis, Genoa
Junction, Wis.; Miss Katherine Brandau,
Cleveland, Mr. Iacobsen, Kenosha, VVis.
Mr. Albert R. Vail, of Urbana, 111., reported
upon the effect of Bahai meetings in Urbana,
for study of the Bahai teachings. He said: "It
is remarkable to observe how the Spirit seems
to catch and hold one, and the whole life seems
set aflame as to the Truth. There is a mystery,
a force in this Cause far above the ken of men
and angels."
Mrs. Haney reported for Washington as fol-
lows:
"The Source of all good is trust in God, obedience
to His Command and trust in His W'ill." It is the
hour of unity for the sons of men and of the drawing
together of all races. I have been asked to say a few
words regarding the progress of the Cause in Wash-
1ngton_._D. C. The progress of the Cause! This is a
most difiicult thing; it is a huge responsibility to re-
port upon the progress of the Cause of God in one
Center, for we have no way of measuring the 13.1-cg.
ress. When Abdul-Baha was in Washington he testi-
his holy name!--that the Washington As-
sembly was a united Assembly. In our meetings there,
a few of the firm believers wondered what kind of a
service we could render the Cause in order that we
might bring just one smile of approval to the face of
the Divine Master. l/Ve decided that the Washington
Assembly should not only be a united Assembly, but
that it should also be an instructive Assembly. We
meant that we should study the Word revealed today,
that Word which has in it the Creative Force and
which transforms. Then, this little band of firm,
steadfast, tried and true believers studied the Word,
and they are trying to that Word into their
lives. They hope to become an instructive Assembly.
The seed of Truth of has been scattered
widely in Washington, the Message has been given in
every quarter. Hundreds and hundreds of souls have
heard of Those seeds are germinating
in the hearts, and after awhile we sha-ll see the results.
Our President touched two points in his preliminary
talk this morning which I love very much. In the
first, he quoted the words of Abdul-Baha. Abdul-
Bahii said: "You have a Temple to build. Build itl."
A simple statement: We have a Temple to build.
Build it. And that means, "Be-and it is." Mr. Hall
also referred to the promulgation ofthe VVord of God.
The Temple will promulgate it. Abdul-Baha's instruc-
tions are that no matter is greater in America. With
the unity and harmony of the believers east and west,
America shall be perfumed; the Mashrak-el-Azkar
shall be constructed. In this work we have the abso-
lute promise of God. The American friends will be
assisted and helped. Abdul-Bahei. said: "All those who
have unselfish motives will be assisted in this Cause.
They will be confirmed. The American friends will
be assisted and helped."
The auditing committee reported that all the
books of the Bahai Temple Unity and Bahai
Temple Treasury had been examined and
found correct for the fiscal year. After silent
prayer, the session adjourned.
Pmatrc MEETING, Mommy Evnnmo.
A public Bahfii meeting was held and a large
attendance convened at Assembly Hall, North-
western University Building, at 8 o'clocl< Mon-
day evening. Mr. Hall presided and spoke
briefly on the oneness of the World of human-
ity. Mrs. Haney read from Tablets and among
other things said:
The Bahais have a single purpose. Thatpurpose is
to spread the Light of Truth in this dark world by
word and by deed, for they are striving to walk in
the path paved by the One through whom is coming to
the world today all the-re is of Real Life. Real Life,
Light, Love--the Center of the Covenant of 
this Divine Educator gives forth the law first, and then
he lives it himself first, thus travelling the path and
paving the way for humanity.
Vi/'hi1e at Stuttgart, April, 1913, Abdul-Bahii said to
an artist: "Can you paint upon the page of the world
the ideal pictures of the Supreme Concourse? The
pictures which are in the ideal world are eternal. I
desire you to become such an artist. Man can paint
those ideal pictures upon the Tablet of Existence with
the brush of deeds. The Holy, Divine Manifestations
are all Heavenly Artists. Upon the canvas of crea-
tion, with the brush of their deeds and lives and ac-
tions, they paint immortal pictures which cannot be
found in any art museum of Europe or 
you find the masterpieces of these Spiritual Artists in
the hearts."
Mr. Kinney, in a most impressive and beau-
tiful mann-er, delivered the joyful Message as
it had come to his life and heart; and, yielding
to the requests of the friends, sat at the piano
and chanted a Holy Commune. Mr. Louis
Gregory spoke on the Divine Unity of man
with God manifested in the Brotherhood of
man, as the prime object of the Bahai Move-
ment. The meeting was truly a. spiritual as-
semblage. Every heart was stirred and every
face was radiant in the joy of the conscious
unity and the visible Presence of God's Love
ma-de manifest in His children.
CONVENTION SESSION, Tuasnav Moanrno, Ar-Rn.
28-TH, CORINTHIAN HALL, TEMPLE.
Mr. Hall presiding. Session opened by sing-
ing; a season for silent prayer and reading the
Prayer for Guidance. A telegram from the
San Francisco Assembly conveyed their regrets
not to be able to send to the Convention a dele-
gate this year, and extended a cordial invita-
tion to hold the Annual Convention in San
Francisco in April, 1915. On mo-tion, it was

