STAR OF 
life itself. Each of us feels uplifted by what
is being accomplished by you and by every
Assembly." Mr. Kinney then told most feel-
ingly of the little, sweet-natured old man in
one of the cities who first turned his back on
the churches and became a "mere nebulous be-
liever" in the God of imagination, who dwelt
beyond the was attracted to the
Cause, but losing heart after this until Abdul-
Baha revived him and told him to go back to
the church, and how through this there came
a voluntary reaching out from this church to
the Baha.is, and a community of common
purpose established. And the speaker pointed
the lesson this taught by showing that in all
this time the head of the church had been
watching the Bahais to note their lives, and
their purity, and_ that he had become satisfied
that here Was something far beyond mere pre-
tension. So, concluded Mr. Kinney, "we are
being watched. Let us be worthy of this at-
tention."
Now followed Mrs. Kate Ives of Salem,
Mass., who spoke of the contribution to the
Cause which that old colonial city and its
neighbor, Beverly, had already furnished, giv-
ing the names of those reared there who had
arisen in service, and asking the prayers of
all that by another Convention, Salem, "the old
witch city," might be able to send to the 1915
Convention a report of great work accom-
plished.
Mme. Linne sweetly and powerfully sang
"The New Jerusalem," and the Chairman
called upon Mrs. Claudia S. Co-les of 'Washing-
ton, Mrs. Coles read a prayer of Abdul-
Baha, then presented a paper emphasizing the
message and realization that comes to us from
a study of the Bible, we who come from the
Christian root: "then find the message in the
Jewish root from which Christianity budded."
This sh-e exemplified by quotations from the
apostles, in the Gospel, and from the Hebrew
prophets, showing references among others to
the "Branch of God." Mrs. Coles then spoke
of the "prepared soul" as the keen and shining
chisel, differing from other perhaps equally
good instruments by the fact that this prepared
one was quickened to its fullest usefulness by
having fitted itself, through the Great Be-
stowal, to the no-tch. (of service) and, in addi-
tion, put itself into entire subjection to the
"compressed air" (the Divine Power) which
guided it.
Mrs. Geary of Seattle, Wash., although her
Words were few, brought the fragrances o-f
HE WEST 55
the great garden of the west, which has wel-
comed the Bahai spirit with such happiness.
She told us that the friends of the west send
their love, and ask the prayers of all for their
advancement.
The closing speaker was Mr. Albert H. Hall
of Minneapolis. He began by saying: "\Ne
are all spirit this afternoon. How quickly we
respond to spirit. . . . Do we realize that all
are our brothers without preference or choice?
It's going to be hard to lift up that standard
in this country. For in Congress it is re-
garded as Holy Writ that the white man is
sup-reme. No greater blasphemy was ever
current. Conceive the insult we give to God
whom it is claimed is a God of preference."
Mr. Hall then in his inimitable, convincing
way gave a really remarkable interpretation of
the Biblical story of Ionah, pointing out with
logic and accuracy the lesson taught by this
ancient account. Particularly he laid stress
upon how the Divine Love reaches out to the
lowly and the uncultured among His people,
by quoting from the Book of Jonah how God
spoke to the Prophet concerning His Favor
upon those inhabitants of Nineveh, "men and
women who know not right hand from left,
and many cattle." and that He had spared that
city because of these lowly ones. "If He pre-
fers any, He p-refers those who are at the
bottom, those who have not the temporal but
have sacrificed this to the eternal. Not pride
but humility is the lesson of the perfect social
state." . . .
The meeting closed with the congregation
joining in "The Benediction" with Prelude, by
Mme. Linne.

Of the details of the Convention itself, held
in Corinthian Hall, Masonic Temple, morn-
ings and afternoons of Monday and Tuesday,
the readers of the STAR or THE will be
informed in a forthcoming issue. In all the
gatherings, whether business sessions or social
and public meetings, the spirit of oneness held
sway, and at times the power which these Con-
ventions know so rare thrill of the
life of the Kingdom, so indescribable, so pure
and ho-ly--poured down upon all. To many,
the most powerful moments were those when
the delegates arose to tell the simple yet won-
derful tale of the spread of the Cause in a dis-
tant city, or how the Fire of Divine Love was
uniting the hearts of the friends, and especially
when the dearly beloved ones from Racine,
Fruitport, Kenosha and nearby points, their
[Continued on page 58]

