132 STAR OF
The shepherd comes forth to gather together
his flock. He has 11ot come to scatter his flock
and to create strife among them. Every Di-
vine Shepherd has gathered together a certain
flock which formerly had been scattered.
Among the Shepherds was His Holiness
Moses. He assembled the various tribes of
Israel and united them; afterward he took
them over to the Holy Land. At a time when
the Tribes of Israel were scattered and dis-
persed He was able to unite them, to assemble
them together, and cause their development
along degrees of human progress. By I-Iim
their degradation was transformed into glory,
their poverty changed into wealth. Their vices
were replaced by virtues until they reached a
zenith that the Solomonie 'Sovereignty was
made 'possible, and the fame of their glory
reached the East and the West. Hence it is
evident that His Holiness Moses was a Divine
Shepherd for He united the scattered tribes of
Israel and gathered them together.
When the Messianic Star dawned, He de-
clared, shall gather together the scattered
tribes or flocks of Moses." He not only
united the flock of Israel, nay rather, He was
confirmed in bringing together the Chaldeans,
Egyptians, Syrians, Ancient Assyrians and
Phoenicians. These people were in a state of
the utmost rancor; they were thirsty for the
blood of each other; attacking one another
with the ferocity of animals. But His Holiness
Iesus Christ united them, assembled and ce-
mented them together, established a bond -of
love among them so that -strife, rancor and
warfare werebanished. Therefore it is evi-
dent that the Divine religions are meant to
create a bond of love among humanity, and to
bind the people together for no other purpose
than amity. Divine religion is not a cause for
discord and disagreement. If religion be the
cause of discord and difference, then no re-
ligion is preferable, for religion is meant to be
life to the body politic. If it b'e the cause of
death to humanity, then its non-existence is
preferable. Therefore, in this day religion is
to be s-ought, for religious teachings may well
be likened to remedies. If a remedy be pro-
ductive of Worse the lack or absence
of the remedy is preferable.
At a time when the Arabian tribes and no-
madic people were in the utmost state of di-
vision, thirsty for the blood of each other, liv-
ing in the deserts under lawless conditions,
strife rampant among them, not a single soul
enjoying composure, no tribe at such
THE WEST
a critical time Mohammed appeared. He gath-
ered them together and reconciled them toward
each other, united and caused them to agree,
so that no strife and warfare remained. The
Arabian nation immediately advanced until
their sovereignty progressed and extended as
far west as Spain and Andalusia. From these
premises we may conclude that the foundation
of the Divine religion-s is for peace and not for
strife, warfare and shedding of blood. Inas-
much as the foundation of the religions of
God is one Reality which is love and amity,
these warfares and dissensions are caused by
imitations which creep in afterwards. Re-
ligion is a Reality, and Reality is One. The
fundamentals of the religions of God are one
in Reality. There is no difference in the fun-
damentals. The difference is caused by the
imitations which arise later, and inasmuch as
imitations differ, strife, discord and quarreling
take place. If the religions of this time should
forsake imitations and seek the fundamentals,
all of them would agree and strife and discord
would pass Reality is One and not
multiple.
As to racial wars, these are caused by purely
imaginary racial differences. For humanity is
one in kind, it is one race, it is one progeny,
inhabiting the same globe, and in the original
genesis no difference obtains. God has created
all humanity. God has not originally created
Frenchmen, Englishmen, Americans, Germans,
Italians or Spaniards. There is no difference
as regards creation and kind; all belong to one
household; all are the leaves of one tree; all
are the fruits of one tree; all are the flowers
of the same garden; all are the waves of the
same sea.
Let us glance at the animal kingdom. 
find the animals do not observe any distinction.
If you gather together the sheep of the East
and those of the \/Vest, they would mix quite
harmoniously. The Oriental sheep would not
lo-ok surprised and strange saying, "You belong
to the Occident; whereas I belong to the Ori-
ent'? They would live together in the utmost
accord. They would gather together and en-
joy the same pasture. There is no racial' dif-
ference among them. If the birds of the East
and the birds of the West were together, they
would be found in a state o-f the utmost unity
and amity. There would not be any distinc-
tions observed. We find virtues in the animal.
Is it becoming of man to be deprived of those
virtues? The animal does not observe those
imaginary distinctions. Is it becoming for man

