84 STAR OF
Different ones were continually arriving and
joining the little circle of friends for no one
seemed willing to go away. In fact when some
did start to leave, thinking that they were in-
truding upon another's opportunity, Abdul-
Baha waved them back and said in English,
"Be seated 
Mr. William Remey came in about this time
and when Abdul-Baha saw him, he greeted him
most warmly.
"Your brother mentioned your name to me.
You are greatly blessed by having such a
brother-. At present you do not know ho-W
greatly you are blessed, but you will see this
with your own eyes. Your whole family will
be glorified; they will be proud that they have
such sons as Mr. Remey and yourself.
"Consider how the Disciples were treated.
While they were alive people would not have
anything to do with them, but later on they
felt greatly glorified if they had -even the re-
motest relatio-nship with them. They became
respected an-d revered ;--even the earth that was
touched by their feet. Now the people pros-
trate themselves before their tombs, but they
were persecuted while they lived. At that time
people did not like to 'be known as relatives
of these Discip-l-es of Christ.
"While I was traveling in Palestine I came
across a stony piece of ground. I saw that a
number of people had gathered around one
stone, kissing it, weeping and supplicating. I
asked one, 'What is this'? He told me that
the Apostles of Christ, once upon a time, had
passed by this place and sat upon these rocks,
but there were so many rocks they did not
know on which the Apostles had sat. There-
fore they prostrated themselves before all of
them that perchance they might come across
and kiss the right stone. In their own day
the people beat them, put them in prison, ridi-
culed them-, -exiled them from their own cities
and finally martyred them. They even did not
give permission that they might be buried in
their own cemeteries. They were not Willing
to have the body of His Holiness Jesus Christ
put in the Jews' cemetery. The Apostles went
and bought a piece of land and interred him.
Then the Iews took their refuse there. Later
men came and built a great church over it
This was built 'by the mother of one of the
Caesars, after three hundred years. Even up
to this time in certain parts it is known as the
Church of Refuse. This is really the Tomb of
Christ. It was the place where all the refuse
THE WEST
of the city was gathered in the day of Christ.
For three hundred years it continued in this
manner. You can go now and see what won-
derful change there is, see what a. wonderful
church is built, how many, jewels and precious
ston-es are collected there. The statue of Christ
is bejeweled with all kinds of precious stones,
so are the statues of Mary and others. How
different the attitude of the people in the days
of Manifestations. They persecute, deride and
ridicule them, put a crown of thorns upon their
heads, beat them in the street, spit in their
faces and finally crucify them. But later on
they Worship their images, kiss the ground upon
which they Walked, or the stone upon which
they sat. This is the attitude of the people."
During this time many people had been
coming in and sitting down quietly. One of
the ladies brought some flowers. Mrs. Boyle
was arranging them in a vase, when Abdul-
Baha said: "You are serving too much, Mrs.
Boyle, you Will get tired." Mrs. Boyle replied
that it was a pleasure to be permitted to serve
and that she wished Abdul-Baha's guests to
see everything beautiful about him. Abdul-
Baha said: "The guests are flowers themselves;
they are the flowers of the rose-garden of
God; they will never wither; they will not dis-
appear; they have perennial beauty and fra-
grance for evermore." He then turned to Miss
Washington and said, have come to visit' you
here, do you accept a guest?"
Dr. Kenneth E. Evans, Pastor of the Uni-
tarian Church at which Abdul-Baha was to
speak during the morning, was a.nnounced and
Abdul-Baha left us for a few moments, telling
us to remain seated. When he returned he was
smiling. What a pleasure it is to see Abdul-
Baha smile! One realized then the true force
of happiness and showing to the world a brave,
noble exterior expressing the reality of a
heart full of love to all humanity. . . .
Abdul-Baha called a little girl to him and
patted her hair, saying in English, "She is a
very sweet daughter, a ve-ry sweet girl. Good
daughter, very good, good daughter, good girl!"
After seating some late arrivals Abdul-Baha
turned to on-e of the ladies and said:
"You are extremely welcome. Are you
happy? I have come here to make you happy.
I have come here to give you the Message of
that this Message may become
the cause of your happiness.
"Like unto a dove I carry a Message with

