STAR OF THE WEST 53
love to Me, that thou mayest find Me in the
Highest Horizon."
Also from the Words of Wisdom, and the
stirring prayer "The Day of God," closing with
the words--"Praise be unto Thee, Desire of
the nations. Praise be to Thee, Beloved of
the hearts of the yearning." After this fol-
lowed silent prayer and the playing of the
"Benediction" softly.
Mme. Ragna Linne then sweetly sang "Be-
hold, I stand at the door and knock." Mr.
Greenleaf then launched into his opening ad-
dress, beginning with these impressive words-
"Just a word to those who may not'be familiar
with the Revelatio-n of the LORD
of mankind, who has come a.gain in this age
i11 fulfillment of promise and prophecy." He
then alluded to the fact that i11 the Bahai gath-
erings the word "stranger" has no place, for
in this day all are friends (referring to the new
faces present). "This meeting today is cer-
tainly significant, for gathered here today are
delegates and rep-resenta-tives from many As-
semblies all over this broad land, from Hono-
lulu, from Canada, from England. They are
assembled here in Convention to, accomplish
a certain definite purpose and that purpose is
to promote and further the building of a great
Temple, a great Mas-hrak-el-Azkar which in its
symbolism. in its nine sides, points to Unity,
the unity of the entire human race. The invi-
tation is extended to all without regard to
race, color or creed, to enter its portals and
there Worship God in the silence after the dic-
tates of the conscience and heart. This is the
universal aim of this wonderful Revelation. In
the hospice, the hospitals, the schools and va-
rious other institutions -included in this Edi-
fice are exemplified and set forth the great fact
that he who would climb the heights to God,
whorwould ascend to that for which he was
created, must apply in deeds and act/ions the
strength and inspiration he receives as he jour-
neys in the Land of the Spirit. Wh)' there-
fore is this not worthy of your investigation,
of your prayerful attention? Now we want to
hear from these friends from the different
parts and I only regret that I cannot call upon
them all, because, dear friends, this is the day
when heart speaks t-o heart, and I know all of
these delegates have a message for you from
the depths of their experiences" and their
hearts."
The congregation then joined in singing
"Tell the Wondrous Story," after which the
Chairman called upon Mr. Alfred E. Lunt of
Boston.
Mr. Lunt began by saying--"lt is surely a
wonderful privilege to be here and bring to
you the message of love, of fellowship and of
co-operation from Boston." He referred to
the faithful labors of the Chicago Assembly in
the advancement of the Cause for so many
years, as the Assembly which first heard the
Call in this country, and to the days when he
had the privilege of attending the meeting in
Chicago [in 1909] when "our dearly loved and
lamented brother Chase was here and sat be-
fore you as your presiding great
love that he brought. I am sure he is very
happy today. . . . From Boston I would bring
you the greetings of the hearts. . . . The work
there began back in 1906, but I think only
within the last few years, has the Assembly
been really founded in steadfastness. Wheri
Abdul-Baha came to Boston i11 the spring of
1912 h-e brought with him that wonderful cup
of love an-d severance, that pure blessing which
has quickened every Assembly in this country
and from that moment Boston began to flour-
ish a.s a rose in the desert. said to us 
pray God that you may' become as a rose-
we have prayed that this might
be made possible, and we have realized in the
months that have gone by since he said fare-
well that he has recreated the Boston Assem-
bly, for from t'hat moment the hearts of the
believers began to pulsate as one heart, the
lives began to be lived as one life, to walk
with the same feet, living in 'one land.' Thus
is coming the realization of the sweet Word-
'This handful of dust the world is one home.'
This is the nucleus of one great family, and
as that love and unity became concentrated in
the hearts of the people great results appeared,
for the attraction of the hearts began to draw
those souls who were ready to hear the Mes-
sage, and from all parts they came. . . .With
this 'priceless gift of Unity, let us look to its
source. Abdul-Baha is the great Heart of the
world today, the center of God's Covenant.
From him is streaming the spiritual Life-
forcc which is comparable to the circulation
of the blood in man. Therefore, until we
unite and permit the Life-blood of the Center
of the Covenant to reach into our lives, to
complete the circulation, we are retarding the
wonderful fulfillment hehas promised, we are
withholding the bounties of God from the
people, we are hindering the fulfillment and
completion of this great Edifice, the Mashral<-
el-Azkar. Therefore he has placed a great
an-d solemn duty upon every one of us to
show forth such unity and love, to do away with

