90 STAR OF
thirty~three hours, several thousand people
heard him speak and many more read the
blessed words in the papers.
AT THE HOME OF NIRS. REVELL.
At 9:30 Monday morning, Abdul-Baha
went to the home of Mrs. Mary I. Revell,
where a meeting had been arranged. There
were about fifty people present. Abdul-Baha
went into every room of the home and seemed
very happy. He sat in a rocker by the front
window and spoke these blessed words to all:
"This is a meeting, the members of which are
strung together like pearls and all the pearls
are brilliant, for all are Bahais. The brilliancy
of these pearls is not known for the present;
their brilliancy will be known later on. Thank
ye God that He has drawn you together through
the Blessed Perfection, He has made you
fruitful like unto trees. He has made you like
unto a ro-se garden, the freshness of which
will be known in the future. 'When the heat
and rays of the Sun of Reality shinte in
the future, then the freshness and beauty of
these flowers will be realized. In brief, render
thanks to God, for your spirits are gladden-ed
with the glad-tidings of God. Be forgetful of
all other thoughts. Be filled with the Spirit of
Your thoughts must be of
Your mention must be of 
o'I.LArr_ Your life must be devoted to 
Your firmness must be evident in
for has endured for
your sake infinite vicissitudes. All His life He
was subject to persecutions. During the nights,
He was not at rest. He did not sleep in peace
for one one. Never did He find
peace and composure. All His life He was
subject to persecution. All His life He was
exiled. All His life He was imprisoned. There-
fore we must be loyal to Him; turn our faces
to Him; praise His mention in this world;
expound His teachings; quicken people with
His Spirit, so that His Heavenly Image may
descend and His Heavenly Power affect the
THE WEST
hearts. Thus every day may we find a new
spirit, every day may we make a new resolution,
every day may we be confirmed and illumine
the world of humanity. Vlfe must supplicate
day and night, beg assistance and confirmation
from His Holiness that we may
become pure mirrors, that the rays of sincerity
may perfect them, the virtues of the human
World appear, the moralities of the Kingdom
be reflected and that we may attain the high
station of happiness. This is my advice to you.
This is my request for you. This is my hope
for you."
All day Monday he gave private interviews.
After the meeting in the morning at Mrs.
Revell's home he met the friends who wished a
personal word. After having seen most of
them he slept for a few moments. Between
one and two o'clock, two of the Bahais went to
the hotel and found Abdul~Baha there alone.
He talked to them in English. To one of them
he said, "Why were you not at the Bahai home
this inorningi' All the Bahais were there. You
should have been at this Bahai home." He was
smiling and very happy.
At three o'clock Abdul-Baha and his party
took the train back to New York city. Al~
though an indes-cribable feeling of sadness came
over each and every one, still they know the
Sun shall never set for Philadelphia again; she
will go on and on until all promises are ful~
filled, and the true spirit of "brotherly love"
be fully realized. For Ab-dul--Baha has said so
and his words give life and are creative.
 
And here we wish to urge that all spread the
Blessed Message of as much as
possible, so that many mo-re people may come
to the Light of Reality. For it is a Wonderful
blessing and one that cannot be compared to
anything else in all the world, even if one
must travel far and under great difficulties to
do so. The reward is far in excess of any-
thing the heart or mind can conceive.
photograph of Abdul-Baha taken in Philadelphia was published in No. 6 issue, Vol. IV, STAR on THE 'WEs'r]

OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue con-
tains: 1) Talk by Abdul--Baha, "Nature,"
at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Maxwell, Mon-
treal, Canada (2) utterances of Abdul-Baha
on "Education of Childrenfi' given at Akka;
(3) The "Crown of Persia"; (4) hardships
and the high cost_ of living in Persia; (5)
Tablet to the friends in Kashan, Persia; (6)
Tablet to the students of Vehdate Bashor
School of that city; (7) glad-tidings from
Kashan Assembly; (8) Tablet to the poor
(Bowery Mission), New York City; (9) from
the Hidden I/Vords; (10) announcement to the
subscribers to the STAR OF THE WEST in the
Orient.

