STAR OF THE WEST 283
It is this: One of the abstruse problems of
social philosophy is the prevention of monopoly
and wealth control by certain individuals. This
subject has been discussed by the philosophers
of the world for many years. The wise men
of Europe and America, especially the Social-
ists, in endeavoring to solve this abstruse
problem, have entered into minute discussion
and deep analyses. The governments of Eu-
rope and America have given the subject ex-
haustive attention; nevertheless they have not
yet agreed upon any opinion and have not
reached a consensus of remedy for the solu-
tion of this seemingly insurmountable ques-
tion.
But if a soul should ponder and reflect upon
the Divine institution concerning the question
of heritage and the modus operandi of the
distribution of legacies among heirs accord-
ing to the laws of this Dispensation, he will
see that this all-important problem has been
solved in the simplest manner. The distribu-
tion of wealth among the nations has been
established according to the best method.
Inasmuch as the matter of death among
mankind is an unavoidable event, if the dis-
tribution of the estate left by those who as-
cend to God should be elfected according to
this Divine recommendation, it will be impos-
sible for wealth to be accumulated by the few
or for any particular family to exercise a
monopoly, leaving others deprived and afflicted
by poverty and want. For the Mighty Law-
giver has dealt with this important affair in
this manner: He has divided the heirs of the
deceased into seven classes, including teach-
ers, who are the spiritual fathers of enlight-
ened individuals in the world of humanity.
The heritage is divided according to the num-
ber 2,520, which is the lowest number com-
prising the integral fractions of nine. Under
this division the seven classes eligible to lega-
cies are as follows: First: Sec-
ond: Wives. Third: Fathers. Fourth:
Mothers. Fifth: Brothers. Sixth: Sisters.
Seventh: Teachers. The nearest relatives
are arranged the closest. Each class receives
its due according to the number sixty, which
runs down through all. He has decreed that
these seven classes mentioned will come equally
into possession of their legitimate rights, each
receiving his share from this division.
When the people of insight reflect upon
that which has been recorded they will see
that with this command in operation, wealth
will never be monopolized by a limited few
and no individual through sheer forceful skill
will come into possession of another's wealth.
Wealth will always be in circulation among
all. ,All mankind will inherit from one an-
other and all will be benefited by this capi-
tal. . . . . 
Now, in regard to the question of features
distinguishing this Great Cause from other
laws and religions of the people of the World
in all centuries and ages: If fair-minded and
intelligent men of knowledge should ponder
and reflect upon the judicious laws of the
Lord of mankind, they will no doubt _bear
witness to the perfection of Divine Providence
in the laws thus instituted. For instance,
these three firm and irrefutable ordinances,
namely, first? the question of heritage by
which monopoly of wealth will be removed
and the question of socialism solved; .s'ec0hd:
the question of universal peace and inter-
national agreements regarding disarmament
and conserving expenditure now devoted to im-
plements of war; third: the question of all
being commanded to acquire a profession, art
or trade whereby they may earn a living, thus
lightening the burden of expense to those upon
whom it falls, such as farmers, laborers, et al.
This expense is created by the idlers and un-
employed members of the human family.
These fair-minded and intelligent men will
also testify that the readjustment of the world
and the salvation of mankind from great dan-
gers is conditioned upon following the com-
mands of this Most Great Manifestation. Thus
will they utter the blessed words: "Blessed is
God, the Possessor of the Dominion and the
Kingdom l" 
To all people of insight it is evident that in
this Most Great Cause all the means of com-
fort for the nation have been provided and a
plan of readjustment of the 'affairs of the
people of the world from all standpoints es-
tablished.

OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue con-
tains: (1) Utterances of Abdul--Baha on Edu-
cation of the Individual; (2) talk in Arabic
by Abdul-Baha delivered in Paris--from the
Daily Pyramids, Egypt; (3) news from the
spiritual assembly of Egypt, by Mirza Abul-
Kasim Goulistaneh; (4) news from the Holy
Land by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab.

