230 STAR OF
THE WEST
PURPOSE OF THE COVENANT WAS SIMPLY TO WARD OFF

Address delivered by Abdul-Baha at the home of Mrs. Corinne True,
Chicago, November 1, 1912.
Dr. Ameen U. Fareed, interpreter; stenographic notes by Miss Gertrude Buikema
HIS evening I am well pleased with every
person here and in meeting the friends
of God and the maid-servants of the
Merciful. Praise be to God! the faces are
radiant and the hearts are attracted to the
Kingdom of ABHA. In the countenances of
all faith is expressed and this is a source of
joy. The Blessed Perfection, 
for fifty years endured hardships and vicissi-
tudes. There was no vicissitude which He did
not experience. There was no ordeal which
He did not sense. Notwithstanding that, He
endured all in the utmost joy and happiness.
Whosoever beheld the Blessed Perfection
was certain of His great happiness--not a
trace of sorrow was ever visible in His face.
In prison even He was like a king en-
throned upon the throne of majesty and
greatness and He ever conducted Himself with
majesty, great certainty and dignity. Whenever
the grandees and the officers of the government
were presented to Him, they at once became
most respectful, His dignity and majesty were
awe inspiring. . . . Remember He was a
prisoner--He was in prison. That is to say,
He endured all these ordeals for the sole pur-
pose of illuminating us, in order that our hearts
might be attracted to the Kingdom of God; in
order that our faces might be radiant through
the glad tidings of God; in -order that we
might be wholly submerged in the Ocean of
Lights; in order that we might be as radiant
candles shining and illuminating the dark re-
cesses, flooding all the regions with radiance.
Now, as I look around, I observe that your
faces-praise be to God radiant, your
hearts are filled with the love of God, you are
thinking of service in the Cause of God.
Therefore I am very happy to be here and I
hope that this happiness will be with you al-
ways--an eternal condition.
I went to San Francisco and from there to
Los Angeles. In reality I found there most
attracted friends. Truly zealous and set aglow
with the fire of the love of God, their sole
purpose. is ever to serve the Kingdom of ABHA.
Therefore I am hopeful that you may serve
more faithfully, that you may take precedence
over all the others. I hope that the fire of
the love of God may be so enkindled in Chicago
that all the cities of America shall be ignited.
This is my hope. In brief, this is my third
visit to you here and this in itself expresses
the degree of my longing to see you and the
extent of my love for you. It was thought
that I should go from San Francisco to the
Orient, going directly to New York, but out of
excessive love for you all here, during my sec-
ond visit I passed through here and in my third
journey I have sojourned in Chicago in order
to visit with you and to associate with you in
good fellowship. I hope that these three visits
of mine may be most productive in the future.
May you all become signs of unity; may each
one of you be a standard of 
may each one of you shine even as a star;
may each one of your become very worthy in the
Kingdom of God; may you experience such a
state as to astound the people; may they all
say of yon, "Verily, these persons are proofs in
themselves of the validity of 
for through the training of they
have 'been so regenerated. These souls are
peerless; these souls are truly the people of
the Kingdom; these souls are distinguished
above the people. This is the proof of 
Consider how well educated they are."
Although this Cause appeared in the Orient,
the friends of the Orient were self sacrificing
to the utmost, they forfeited everything. It
is a significant fact that to a human being
the dearest thing on earth is his life, yet
20,000 people offered their lives and were will-
ing to have their blood shed in the pathway.
In the last episode, which transpired in the city
of Yezd, two hundred of the Bahai friends were
exterrninated and they w'ent to the place of
in the utmost state of attraction,
even smiling with the greatest joy and grati-
tude. Some of them offered rock candy to
their executioners, saying, "Do taste of this,
so that with sweet taste you may give me the
cup of Among these beloved ones
were a number of women who were subjected
to the most cruel manner of execution. They
were cut 1:0 pieces, and not content with that,
some of them were set on fire and their bodies
were consumed; but not a single soul among
the Bahai friends recanted or objected to them.

