 STAR OF
directing toward this gigantic world-uniting
effort which is to bud into' fruition in the
center of America on the shores of our inland
lakes:
Lord, make these holy souls who have
arisen to build this Temple the dawning points
o-f light and the manifestors of Thy signs.
Make each a leading cornerstone in this great
edifice, a pillar of its pillars, for Thou art the
Helper, the Supporter, the Rewarder! These
souls have arisen to serve Thee well, and
have begun their servitude. Confirm, aid and
encourage each by the promise of Thy divine
favors and make them of the elect. Verily,
Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful, the Able,
the Giver, the Shining, the Hearer and the
Seer!
God! God! I implore Thee with
throbbing heart and streaming tears, to aid
each one who endeavors for the erection of the
House of the LORD, the building where-in
Thy Name is mentioned every morn and eve.
Send down Thy benediction on whomsoever
endeavors for the uprising of this Edifice
among the sects and religions, and confirm
him in every good deed of mankind; open the
doors of riches and wealth unto him and make
him an inheritor of the treasures of the king-
dom which perishes not; make him the sign
of giving among the peoples and reinforce
him by the sea of Thy generosity and bounty,
which is surging with the waves of grace and
favor. Verily, Thou art the Generous, the
Merciful and the Bountiful!"
It is interesting to note in passing, Mr. Car-
negie's recent munificent gift of several mil-
lions for promoting religious unity throughout
the world and especially for the purpose of
bringing about a more complete understanding
between the religions of the East and West,
a subject in which Mr. Carnegie is vitally
interested.
A recent communication from Mr. M. M.
I-lolbach, an extensive traveler throughout the
East, who is now visiting Abdul-Baha in
Palestine, bears on the temple subject. He
writes of the Bahai temple at Eskabad, which
is the first of its kind in the world's history.
lie says:
SIGN OF THE TIMES.
"The Mashrak-el-Azkar, o-r Bahai tem-ple, at
Eskabad, is indeed a sign of the times. That
Russia should have permitted its erection is
little short of a miracle. That the first church
in the world erected not for the worship of
sect or community, but for the members of
all churches and all sects to meet in union,
THE WEST
should be in a country we have always asso-
ciated with religious intolerance, gives food for
thought.
"Thirty-three years ago the fi1'S'? Bflhai
teacher went to Eskabad. The now populous
city had not then come into existence. Eska-
bad was merely a camp of 60,000 soldiers in
the wilderness.
"Aza Mohammed Riza, the p-resent guardian
of the temple, was the teacher who carried
the Bahai gospel of peace and brotherhood to
military Eskabad. He was a mason by trade,
and in company with a fellow workman, also
from Persia, who shared the new faith, he
worked with his hands at building the new
town, but at the same time he built even bet-
ter than he knew, for from this small begin-
ning has sprung the thriving Bahai community,
which is roughly estimated at 1,000 persons,
who, stimulated by a donation of 2,000 rubles
from Abdul-Baha himself, have given so lib-
erally of their go-o-ds that Eskabad
can claim forever the proud distinction of hav-
ing erected the first Temple of Peace in the
world.
"At first the Russian government refused
permission for the erection o-f the temple, and
a special petition was sent by the Bahais direct
to the Czar, who had the matter inquired into,
and, finding that so far from there being any-
thing political in the background, the followers
of are enjoined never to take up
arms or join in any revolutionary movement
against the state, gave the required permission.
The Russian government sealed its approval
when the Governor of Eskabad--Koropatkan,
who afterward distinguished himself as general
in the Russian-Japanese in state
to lay the foundation stone and deposited a
silver box containing papers descriptive of the
circumstances relating to the building. At this
same ceremony the highest representatives of
the different religious bodies in Eskabad--
Christians, Mohammedans, Jews and Armenians
present by invitation.
"Speaking of this the other day, Abdul-Baha
said: 'Praise be -to God! t-ha-t 
has bro-ken the barriers of religious prejudice.
He has commanded all the Bahais to consort
with those of other religions and nationality
with the utmost love and kindness and fel-
lowship. They are all the fruits of one tree
and the leaves of one branch. We
make religion the cause of love and
afi'iliation, and not the means of controversy
and strife. Praise be'to God! that we are
all the children of the Kingdo1n."'

