STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second~clas: matter April 9. 1911, at the post office at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
*7 i
Editorial Staf: ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE BUIKEIWA-DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Terms: 1.50 per year; 15 cents per copy
Note-Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to NEWS SEFVICE, P, O. Box 283, Chicago, U, S. A.
To personal checks please add sulliclent to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI News SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A. 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! rm 1s con!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which 1s organized in_the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_1s small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness.
firmness! (Signed) ABDKL-BAHA ABBA5.
Vol. Eizzat 1, 70 (September 8, 1914) No. 10
NIASHRAK-EL-AZKARI SPIRITUAL 
STATEMENT on FINANCIAL-SECRETARY TO AUGUST 31. 1914.
CLOSE study of the talks given by Ab-dul-
A Baha during his -sojourn in America con-
vince the reader that the world is upon
the Eve of Universal Peace and that the favor
of raising the Banner of International Arbi-
tration has been granted to this revered democ-
racy. In an address to the New York Peace
Society, Hotel Astor, May 13, 1912, Abdul--Baha
said: "There is no doubt that this revered
democracy will be able to realize it and the
Banner of International Peace be unfurled
here, permeating through the other countries
from here. . . . Let this Century be the
Sun of previous Centuries, the effulgences of
which shall last forever, so that in the times
to come they shall glorify the Twentieth Cen-
tury, saying that the Twentieth was the century
of lights, the Twentieth Century was the cen-
tury of life, the Twentieth Century was the
century -of International Peace, the Twentieth
Century was the century of -divine bestowals,
and the Twentieth Century has left traces
which shall last forever."
said: "Originally mankind was
one family, united and compact; later the mem-
bers of this family were divided and sub-
divided through ignorance a.nd prejudice. Now
the time has come again for their final unifica-
tion. Universal Peace will bring about this
long--wished-for consummation."
The deduction is that in this Twentieth Cen-
tury, this revered United
States--wi1l raise the Banner of Universal
Peace and the long-wished-for consummation-
the unification of the who-le race--will take
place. Can we not see clearer than at any pre-
vious time in the Mashrak-cl-Azkiir work how
very important its erection is? Abdul-Baha said
to Mr. Chas. Mason Remey: "Its building is
the most important of all things. This is the
spiritual foundation; for that reason it is the
most important of all foundations. From that
spiritual foundation will come forth all man-
ner of advancement and progress in the World
of humanity. Therefore, how great is its im-
portance!"
To Mrs. Goodall and Mrs. Cooper, of San
Francisco, Abdul-Baha said: "Not only does the
building of the Mashrak-el--Azl<ar have an ef-
fect up-on those who build it, but upon the whole
world."
To Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Haney, Abdul-Bahei
said: "When the Mashrak-el-Azkar, with its
accessories, becomes established in the world,
aside from its religious or spiritual influence,
it will have a tremendous effect upon civiliza-
tion. Aside from the religionists who will feel
its influence, materialists will not be exempt
therefrom. Moreover it contains Divine Wis-
dom, and will have spiritual effect upon the
intellects and Subsequent to its
erection these will become evident."

