10 STAR OF THE WEST
ANNOUNCEMENT OF ANNUAL CONVENTION
To the Bahai Assemblies of America:
Greetings in the Cause of God!
Dear brothers and sisters accordance
with the provision of Article 6 of the Con-
stitution of Bahai Temple Unity, the Executive
Board o-f the Unity announces that the Annual
Convention of the Unity will be held in the
City of Chicago, April 25th to April 28th,
1914, inclusive.
The Chicago Assembly most cordially invites
the delegates _and visiting friends to be pres-
ent at the Feast of Rizwan to be held Satur-
day evening, April 25th, and to the Sunday
meeting of the Assembly to be held April 26th,
1914, in the Masonic Temple, corner Randolph
and 'State streets. The Reception Committee
will confer with all delegates and friends on
arrangements.
The first business session of the Convention
will be held at 10 a. April 27th, in accord-
ance with Article 4 of the Constitution. You
are asked to elect your delegate and to entrust
him or her with full power to represent your
Assembly in all matters that may come before
the Convention for its consideration. You are
further urgently requested to elect your dele-
gate and report through your Secretary his or
her due election and name to the Secretary of
this Board, Bernard M. Iacobsen, 556 Howland
Ave, Kenosha, Wis., before the 20th day of
April, 1914, in order that the comfort of visit-
ing delegates and friends may be provided for.
Hoping you will all endeavor to make this
the Banner Convention, with Bahai greetings
to all,
We are your servants,
EXECUTIVE BOARD or BAHAI TEMPLE UNITY,
Bernard M. Iacobsen, Secretary.
March 14, 1914.
NE day, when Abdul-Baha was very tired, he said to several young Bahais
who came to see him: "My work is done. The tree of my life has yielded
its fruits. I have set a fire in the world. Your duty is to add to its flame.
My sons, it is no-w your turn. The members of my bodily constitution are well-
nigh disintegrated. You are young, and your blood is pure; your intelligence is
keen. You can b-ear the difficulties of this life. I would like to- remain silent for
some time, and listen to the incoming news of those who are endeavoring to spread the
Fragrances of God. How far shall they succeed? How will they pro-mote the Word
of God? How will they raise the melodies and sing the songs of 'Ya--Baha--El-Anna 
Assuredly the Blessed Perfection is with such souls. They shall see with their own
eyes the Confirmations of just as I saw them when addressing large
gatherings in churches and temples. I saw them hovering like the birds of paradise!"
--Fr0m the Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, December l, l9] 3.
IN THE OF LOVE AND AFFECTION WITH ALL 
[Continued from page 7]
even recognize as friends your enemies, you
must consider your evil Wishers as your well
wishers. You must not see evil as evil and
then compromise, for so to compromise with or
treat in a smooth way the one upon whom you
look as an enemy is hypocrisy; this is not al-
lowable. You must consider your enemies as
your friends, and your evil Wishers as your well
w-ishers, and then treat them accordingly. You
must act in such a Way that your heart may be
free from hatred towards anyone, your heart
must not be offended with anyone. If anyone
commits an error and a wrong towards you,
you must instantly forgive him. You must
not complain of anyone. You must not repri-
mand anyone, and if you give anyone admoni-
tion or advice let your advice be offered in such
a way as not to- be found heavy to the hearer.
Let all your thoughts be turned toward the
rejoicing of hearts. Beware! Beware! Lest
you offend any heart. Each one amongst you
must, as much as is possible for him or for her,
assist the world of humanity, be the cause of
bringing solace to each sad one, a.ssist every
Weak one, be helpful to every indigent one,
be a caretaker of every sick one, be the cause
of glory to every humble one, be the cause of
shelter to every one assailed with fear. 
In brief, let each one amongst you be like
unto a lamp shining forth with the light
of the virtues of the world of humanity. Let
each amongst you be trustworthy, be since-re,
affectionate, chaste-be full of chastity. Let
each one amongst you be illumined, be spiritual,
be divine, he glorious, be of God, and be 
Bahai!

