STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post oflice at Chicago. Illinois. under the Act of March 3.1879.
Editorial Slaf: ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member} Somme
Terms: 35 1.50 per year; 15 cents per copy
Note -- Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to NUN8 SERVICE, P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, U, S. A.
To personal check: please adcl sufficient to cover the bank exchanzeAddress all communications to BAHAI News P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! rm IS eon! 
Be thou happy! Be thou happyl Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long', thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread 111 every country and clrme. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy forrn_ 1S small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these rlenend upon firnmess. firmne-F8,
firmness!
(Signed) Arvin.-Burs 
Vol. Kowl 1, 70 (November Z3, 1914-) No. 14
MESSAGE TO THE BAHAIS OF THE WEST
WHOEVER IS A HERALD OF IS THE
LIGHT OF THE REGIONS 
MR. GEORGE LATIMER WRITES OF VISIT TO ABDUL-BAHA
T0 the STAR or THE VVEST2
This present trip of nine months through
Europe and culminating in our visit with Abdul-
Baha in. the Holy Land has brought a new
realization of the Cause to Mr. Remey and
myself. I feel We are entering up-on a new
era of progress,--one in which the Call oi the
Kingdom must be raised in such a manner as
to reach the entire world. The method by
which this can be accomplished is through the
unity and attraction of the friends. 'Ne have
had the -letter of the Teachings and now is
the time to get the Spirit of the Divine Ad-
monitions. It is this spirit--which Abdul-Baha
radiates so bountiiully--that the world oi hu-
manity is crying out for in its present crisis.
In considering how to reach the people through
Writing and speaking Abdul-Baha said, "You
must be very moderate. Consider the taste of
the public. This is the best policy. Modera-
tion, moderation. You must speak and write
in such a manner as not to offend anyone. The
Loan addressed Moses and Aaron saying:
\/Vhen you go to Pharaoh, speak in a moder-
ate. sweet language."
The keynote of Abdul-Bal1a"s Message to
the American friends is to be found in the
following talks given to us during our stay in
Haifa, and they bring out two essentials which
are so necessary for today. acquir-
ing of the spirit of harmony and happiness of
the Kingdom oi the other, the giving
of that spirit to the world.
He gave the following talk on Oct. 9th: 
this journey hope that both of you will rc-
turn to America with a new power, filled with
the glad tidings of tlie Kingdom. Be ye full
of joy to such an extent that in whatever
meeting you enter those present may be per-
meated with a spirit of heavenly blessedness."
On Oct. 18th we were called into his pres-
ence about in the evening and after a few
remarks he spoke as follows: "There are
many heralds in this world. Herc is a herald
who summons the people to the love and de-
fense of his country, calling out at the top of
his voice: my country, my beloved coun-
try!' There is a herald who blows the bugle
of New Nationalism. Here is another herald
who calls the people to politics, in order that
he may wield great powers of state. There is
another person who is a herald of literature
and science. Here you find a soul who is the
herald of the commercial interests and its ex-
pansion. And there is still another herald who
sounds the trumpet of war and militarism. But
praise be to God, that you are the heralds of
the Kingdom of God. All these contending
voices which are raised in the World today will
ere long be silenced and hushed, but the call
of the Kingdom of God Will gain volume and
impetus day by day. The popularity of these
heralds may last for a year or two,
but the fame of the souls, who are the heralds
of the Kingdom, is eternal for they are sound-
ing the trumpet of celestial, Universal Peace.

