180 STAR OF THE WEST
there is no power as efiicacious and as penetrative as the Power of Love. Military
Power coerces and compels men through unnatural resort to force and violation,
but mankind yield happily and willingly to the Power of Love.

The war expenses of each nation have increased greatly of late years.
Although there has not been the physical clash and turmoil of actual war, yet in
reality a financial and economic war has been going on incessantly and draining
the resources of the people. For a goodly portion of what the poor laborers,
farmers and artisans get with the sweat of their brows and the labor of their
hands is taken from them under the name of taxes, and expended over military
preparations. Hence war is uninterrupted. This exactio-n breeds discontent,
class feeling and group consciousness against the established order ;--everyone
realizing that human society is out of gear. Now if they could employ this
pugnacity, this hammer and tongs, this fists and heels spirit, this feverish haste
in the accumulation of war materials, this waste of great thoughts over the per-
fection of military science,--I say if they could expend this exertion and effort,
this endeavor and high--mindedness, in bringing about Love among mankind, in
strengthening the ties of interdependence between nations and governments and
in establishing fellowship and affinity between the races ;--how much more effi-
cacious it would have been! Instead of unsheathing the sword to shed each other's
blood, they should think of the perfection of each other's civilizations, sciences,
arts, commerce, progress and advancement. Is this not better? Is it not Worthier
for the noble station of man?'
"The German Consul and others would not think of accepting my ideas,
and started to object to them.
"Then I said again: 'What victory will you gain out of this war? What
will be the outcome of this bloodshed? What will be the fruit of this onslaught?
What will be the result of this aggression? From the beginning of history to
the present time, what has been the profit that humanity has gathered from war?
Nothing but ruin, devastation, the desecration of the holy rights of man, vandalism,
carnage and the brutalization of the ideals deposited by God in the hearts of men.
And if we read the spirit of modern history aright, we come to the conclusion
that there is no war of conquest--the conqueror and the conquered find themselves
in manifest loss at the end of the engagement. Consider what ideal
victories! What brilliant triumphs! What spiritual traces! What heavenly
successes have become manifest through the Power of Love! Therefore how
much nobler and Worthier would it be if the sages and thinkers of the world
expended their physical, intellectual and moral forces in the promulgation of
the Power of Love among mankind. This Power of Love is the means of
reciprocity and co-operation between nations! It is the cause of their everlasting
Glory! It is conducive to the composure and security of the world of creation l'
found my listeners still far from accepting my plea. They were silenced,
but I knew it was a silence out of respect and not an acknowledgment and a con-
fession that they Were convinced. I found today that owing to the declaration
of war in Europe, the Germans in this colony are very sad, and depressed, so
much so that it is indescribable. They know that they are in danger; the danger
of defeat of the Fatherland. Then, why should they hail war?
_"Pursuing_my conversation with the German Consul and others, I said: 'In
reality all the Inhabitants of Europe owe their allegiance to one Religion, and
that 1s _the Religion of His Holiness Christ; they also belong to one racial stock,
which 1S no other than Aryan, which parent stock migrated from Asia in ancient
times and settled 1n the different parts of that uninhabited country. After the
lapse of many generations, one community called itself Frank, another Saxon,
another Norman, another Latin, etc._ Later on, step by step, they fabricated the
means of difierences, and many crept in which added day by
day to the gravity of the situation. Furthermore, were we to ponder carefully,

