of the East and West are as members of one household and the children of the one
The Turks and the Persian, the Pars-ee and the American, the Hindu and the
African--all of them are one army and one cohort--and without any distinction they
arise for the assistance and aid of each other.
This praiseworthy movement is beloved and accepted at the Threshold of the For-
giving Loan. Truly, I say, in the erection of the Mashrak-el-Azkar in Ishkabad [Russia],
the friends of God have laid the foundation of the oneness of the kingdom of humanity
and they worked nobly together until. now, and it is nearly completed. Praise be to God,
that at this moment from every country in the world, according to their various means,
contributions are continually being sent toward the fund of the Mashrak-el-Azkar in
America.
Convey the gratitude of Abdul-Baha to all the friends of God in this service.
In reality this magnamity of the believers is worthy of great praise and thankful-
ness, for from Teheran, Khorassan, Shiraz, Jahram, Esphahan, even from the towns and
villages of Khorassan, Shiraz, and Yazd, contributions were sent. This donation in the
path of the Orb of Regions is conducive of the happiness of the souls of the spiritual
ones.
From the day of Adam until now such an event has never even been witnessed by
man, that from the farther-'most country of Asia contributions were forwarded to the
farthermost country of America. From Rangoon, India, donations are sent to Chicago,
and from Iahram, a little village of Shiraz and Kheirol-Gora of Tarshiz, money is
transmitted for the Mashrak-el-Azkar in America. This is through the bounty and
providence of the Blessed Perfection the assistance and confirmation of
the Sun of Truth, and the victory and triumph of the Luminary of Effulgence, who has
united so marvelously the regions of the world together. Glory belongs to the LORD or
Hosrsl Sovereignty belongs to the Compassionate God! Power and Might belongs to
the Living, Self-subsistent One who has united the people of the world and assembled
them together like unto the brilliant stars of the horizon of adoration.
my God! my God! Favor belongs to Thee, Generosity belongs to Thee!
Praise belongs to Thee and Glorification is Thine, for that Which Thou hast bestowed
upon these indigent ones, granted a refuge and asylum to these weak ones in the cave
of Thy protection and preservation, assisted them in the service of Thy Cause and con-
firm them in the worship of Thy Exalted Threshold.
Loni)! They have sacrificed their belongings and souls in Thy path, contributed
for love of Thee and missed no chance or opportunity in spreading Thy Signs, diffusing
Thy Word, promulgating Thy Name among Thy servants and proclaiming Thy wonders
among Thy creatures!
Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Most High, the Omnipresent; and
verily Thou art the Clement and the Most Merciful!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab-, April 19, 191-0.

