102 STAR OF
the hearts, make the eyes seeing, render the
ears attentive, resuscitate the dead and heal the
sick. Render the poor rich and the fugitive
confident. Accep-t us in Thy Kingdom. Illum-
ine us with the light of kindness. Thou are the
Generous! Thou art the Clement! Thou art
the Kind!

GIVEN BY ABDUL--BAHA, SUNDAY EVEN-
NING, JUNE 9, 1912, AT THE BAPTIST TEMPLE,
BROAD AND BERK Sr1"s., PHILADELPHIA,
INTRODUCTION BY DR. CONWELL.
HE text with which we greet the great
i teacher and prophet, Abdul-Baha Abbas, is
to be found in the second book of Rom-
ans and the eleventh verse, "There is no re-
spect of persons with God."
Our own people know well the history of
Abdul-Baha; vis-ito-rs are here who already
know him; hence there is no necessity of
any further introduction. We wish to hear
of the efforts of those who have go'ne before
him, and of his own splendid efforts in b-ring-
ing about the unity of all mankind. I there-
fore give the time entirely to our friend, and
the friend of humanity everywhere, Abdul-
Baha Abbas of Persia; mo-re'recently of Pal-
estine.
AD DRES BY ABDUL--BA A,
I have the utmost pleasure this evening -in
being present. Truly this is an assembly gath-
ered to-gether in the utmost condition of spir-
itua-lly. I perceive the fragrance of spiritual
susceptibilities of the Kingdom among you--
devotion to God, sincere intention and spirit-
ually. Glad Tidings!
From the beginning of the creation of Adam
up to our day, there- have been in the world
of humanity two pathways,--o-ne the natural
or materialistic pathway, the other the religious
pathway.
The pathway of nature is the pathway of the
animal realm. The animal acts in accordance
with the require-me-nts of nature can do
whatsoever it may desire. Whatsoever its pro-
clivities may be, it can gratify them is a
captive of nature. The animal cannot deviate
one hair's breadth from the natural pathway.
It is utterly minus spiritual susceptib-ilities, it
is utterly ignorant of the Divine Religion, it is
utterly uninfo-rmed of the Kingdom of God.
The animal has no part in the power of idea-
tion o-r conscious intelligence; it is a captive
THE WEST
of sense perceptions; deprived of that which
is beyond the plan'e 0-f the senses. That which
the of the animal sees, the ear hear-s, the
nostrils sense and the taste detects,-that which
it can. feel by the sense o-f touch ;--these are
the five senses to which the animal is captive
and subject. The result of these sensations are
acceptable to hi-m. But that which is beyond
the sensilbilities, that which is from the con-
scious pathway to the Kingdom of God, the
spiritual susceptibilities, the Divine Religion,-
of these the animal is completely unaware, for
the animal is utterly a captive of nature.
One of the strangest things witnessed is that
the materialis-its are proud of their natural pro-
clivities. They state, that which is sensible or
tangible is wo-rthy of credence, but that which
is not within the realm of the sense perceptions
is unreasonable. By their own statements they
are captives of the senses. Of the spiritual
world they are uninformed: of the Divine
Kingdom t-hey are unaware; of the Divine be-
stowal they are unconscious. If this be a vir-
tue, the animal has attained to a superlative
degree, for the animal is absolutely unaware of
and not at all in touch with the spiritual realm.
The animal, too-, would totally deny the exist-
ence of that which is 'beyond the senses. If' we
gr-ant that to be subject to the senses is a vir-
tue, then the animal is the mo-st virtuous, for
the animal is entirely her'-eft of that which
lies beyond, entirely uninformed of the King-
dom of God, whereas God has deposited with-
in the human creature a_ colossus of power
W-hereby he can rule the World of nature.
Consider how all the phenomenal beings are
captives of nature! This tremendous sun, the
center of 0-ur solar system>>, is a cap-tive of
nature. These immense s-tars and planets, the
great mountains, this globe-the earth, the
mineral-, the vegetable and all other kingdoms
beneath the human are captives of nature, ex-
cept man. Other phenomenal beings cannot
dcviate one hair's breadth from natural law.
The sun with all its glory and greatness, mil-
lio-ns 0-f miles from this earth of ours, cannot
deviate in the least degree from the law of
nature; it cannot wander one inch from its
orbit; it is- a captive of the materialistic law
of nature. But man is the ruler of nature.
Consider: According to the law of nature
man should remain up-on the earth. But man
transcends this law and soars aloft in airships,
dives in submarine-s and sails upon the surface
of the ocean. Man has been able to harness the
tremendous energy of electricity and imprison

