tion, and I hope that this Servitude of mine will become acceptable. Whosoever
mentions any other name save this will not please me at all. Abdul-Baha, and no
more. No person must praise me except by this name: bclul--Bal1a." 
Th-e Blessed Perfection and the BAB are unique and peerless in this Dispen-
sation, and until the next Manifestation. The belief, the opinion and the thoughts
of all believers must revolve around this common Center. This oneness o-f belief
must become fully realized so that in the future there may arise no differences.
His Holiness the BAB was the "Morn of Guidance." The Blessed Perfection
was the "Desired One" of all the religions and nations, and all of us are under the
Blessed Shade, non-existent and evanescent. All of us are the servants of this Holy
Threshold. All of us are the humble and lowly. All of us receive
the Light from. that Sun of Reality. There is no other mention, no other quality,
no other appellation for us save this. I am Abdul~Bal1a. The believers must be
satisfied with this explanation so that I may be pleased with them. All of the
friends must be united on this matter. Praise be to God! that up to this time,
through the Favor and Providence of the Blessed Perfection, no other title or word
save has appeared either from my tongue or pen. I hope that
all the believers will walk in my footsteps so that I may become satisfied with
all of them. Our highest aspiration must be this: that we may become confirmed
to render some slight service in the Path of God. There is no greater station
than this.
After the Departure of the Blessed Perfection and till the Appearance of
the next Manifestation there is no other station save the Station of servitude, pure
and absolute. Not a servitude liable to interpretation; but an unconditional and
unqualified servitude. This is the real fact. Whosoever expresses any other inter-
pretation, I will not be pleased with him. This is my advice to you. This is my
counsel to you. This is my desire. This is my good pleasure. This is my last
request from all the believers of God! The balsam to my wound is servitude at
the Holy Threshold. My Sadrat-el-Montaha is servitude at the Holy Threshold!
My highest destination is servitude at the Holy Threshold! My Sup-reme Paradise
is servitude at the Holy Threshold! My Spiritual Temple is servitude at the
Holy Threshold! The Most Shining Crown is servitude at the Holy Threshold!
What diadem is more glorious than servitude at the Holy Threshold? I
hope that all of us will become assisted in this servitude. I hope each one of us
will become confirmed in absolute humility and meekness at the Holy Threshold.
This is the Delectable Paradise of the righteous ones! This is the ultimate desire
of the believers! This is the Zenith of the hope of the favored ones!
--ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Extract from the
Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohtab
January I7, l9l4

