186 STAR OF
London, with a mission to perform in connec-
tion with the Bahai Cause there; but they have
been obliged to remain here in Stuttgart. . .
Pray for the Bahais in Germany, and pray
for these multitudes who are soul "hungry and
are seeking the peace of God's Kingdom. May
THE WEST
the friends here be enabled, through the Spirit
of the Center of the Covenant, to carry God's
Message to all of these hungry souls.
Love and greetings to all.
In His Covenant,
(Signed) CHARLES Mason REMEY.
THE POWER OF LOVE AND PEACE BECOME 
[Continued from page 183]
moved by gently and our hearts were sub-
merged in the starlit sea of Divine Love. I
was weaving garlands of ideals with the fresh,
sweet flowers of the spirit, and thinking of
those far-oif friends who are always near, when
suddenly Abdul-Baha entered the garden, lead-
ing with his right hand a sweet little girl of
five or six years, all dressed in white. He was
talking with her in Turkish, and she was an-
swering with much grace and dignity. "This
is my guest!" he said, as he pointed to her
while standing on the steps of the house
"Come, Come! my dear friend! We will go
in and have tea and sweets!" And the host
and the guest disappeared in the deepening
dusk of the night. In the half-darkness of the
night, I heard Abdul-Baha's clear voice calling
to his sister: "Khanom! Khanom! I have
brought you a guest. What nice things have
you for her? She is the guest of honor."
Was not this an ideal picture? Even now
while the whole world is in a great turmoil
and Abdul-Baha's heart and head are filled
with pity and sympathy for the afflicted, he is
still the simple, child-loving father, over-flow-
ing with tenderness, benignity, benevolence and
affection.
This morning I was called into his presence,
and after reading a few letters and dictating
a number of Tablets, he spoke about the present
War and the tremendous issues at stake. There
are wild stories of battles fought on land and
sea and victories won by the contending parties,
but they lack veracity and accuracy; and this
evening there was an interesting meeting,
"These dreadful events are as warnings on the part of God that they
may quicken the people and make them mindful. But the majority of mankind
are like unto the children, who are being rocked in a cradle. The harder they
are -rocked to be awakened, the deeper they fall into sleep. East and West the
affairs of the people are in utter co-nfusion and the markets of the world are
afflicted with lethargy. The wheels of international transactions are at a stand-
still. We shall Wait and see what God has decreed to be the outcome of this
universal upheaval. As for you, pray meanwhile in behalf of the people--s0 that
the forces of Peace may gain ascendancy over the powers of war. They are
now in great distress. From all sides they are surrounded with difficulties and
hardships. Perchanc-e, God willing, they may become mindful and aware, be
released from negligence, abandon tyranny and oppression, treat each other with
justice and fairness, and give up the dictates of selfishness and personal interest.
Our hope is the' they may be freed from the cruelty of passion and egoism;
that these wicked powers may not overmaster them-; that they may turn their
faces toward God; that the hearts may become illumined; that the sphere of the
minds be extended; that avarice and covetousness may not remain; that trust
in God and self-reliance may take possession of their beings that they may be
satisfied with their own rights and that they may not rise in aggression to trample
under their feet the rights of others. May all of the causes of war and conflict,
hardships and sufferings, be entirely removed! In short, pray and
supplicate at the Threshold of the Almighty in behalf of the heedless souls; for
they know not what they are doing! May they become emancipated from the
defects of their o-wn nature! May they be imbued with the qualities of the
heavenly angels! May they give up ferocity and be characterized with the attri-
butes of the Merciful! May they ever live in accord with the good-pleasure of
the Lord of mankind! May they become the guardians of the rights of the op-
pressed and downtrodden! May they be the real servants in the Palace of Uni-
versal Brotherhood 
Abdul-Baha delivering a short talk, as follow-s:

