150 STAR OP THE WEST
unanimously resolved: That, It is the sen-se of
this Convention that the next Convention
should be held in San Francisco, and that the
Executive Board of this Unity be authorized
to take action to that end.
The publication work was discussed by the
Convention. Miss Mary Lesch was called upon
and responded for the Publication Board and
Miss Gertrude Buikema responded for the
STAR or THE Wnsr.
The following resolution was unanimously
adopted:
We recognize the work of the Publication Board
and the STAR or THE Wasr as absolutely essential to
the purposes and objects of the Mashrak-el-Azkar
work; and that we place upon the several Assemblies
the imperative duty of stimulating subscriptions to the
STAR or THE Wasr and of establishing circulating
Libraries by distributing agencies in each of the
Assemblies; and of placing in the Public Libraries
where each of the Assemblies is located one full set or
sample of all the standard literature of the Bahai
Publishing Society.
It was suggested that the literature of the
Bahai Movement should be reviewed, and Mr.
Vail was asked to write such a review for
the STAR or THE Wnsr. Mr. Lunt reported
progress upon the task assigned for the prep-
aration and publication of an article setting
forth the meaning, functions and purpose of
the Mashrak-el-Azkeir. He spoke of the deli-
cacy and difficulty of the task, of the steps
taken to -gather material, and asked from all
the friends their participation and their since-re
prayers for guidance, that all our eyes may be
opened and our perceptions quickened, that we
may see and realize the significance and pur-
pose of this great edifice and stimulate all to
assist in its speedy realization.
On motion, a committee of the Convention
prepared and sent as the Greetings of the Con-
vention the following telegram:
To Woodrow Wilson,
President of the United States,
White House, Washington, D. C. 
The Unity of America, in annual convention
assembled, send you greeting and grateful commenda-
tion of the wise patience with which you persevere in
the path of Peace and uphold that highest honor of
our beloved Republic, which consists in such a prudent
exercise of our national power as shall commend the
blessing of liberty to those peoples less favored than
ourselves. We feel that in your course you are fol~
lowing the most exalted word of our age: "Be the
cause of comfort and the promotion of humanity. This
handful of dust, the world, is one home: let it be in
unity. Let not a man glory 'in this, that he loves his
country; let him rather glory in this, that he loves
his kind." In our hearts is the certainty that only
through this realization of the essential oneness of
humanity is that Universal Peace toward which you
strive attainable. We fervently pray our Heavenly
Father so to move the hearts of all, that the clouds
of war shall pass and the "Most Great Peace" shall
come.
Arrannoon 
On motion, a comm.-ittee of the Convention
sent the following telegram to Dr. and Mrs.
Bagdadi at Montreal: "Abba. Greetings from
Convention to Zenat and Zia."
Mr. Hall presented to the Convention a com-
munication from Sheridan Road Improvement
Association.
The Convention then proceeded to the elec-
tion of the Executive Board of the Bahai Tem-
ple Unity for the ensuing year, as follows:
Albert I-I. Hall, President, New York Life Building,
Minneapolis, Minn.
Mrs. Annie L. Parmerton, Vice-President, 543
Mitchell Avenue, Cincinnati, O.
Mr. Alfred E. Lunt, Secretary, 15 State Street,
Boston, Mass.
Mr. William H. Randall, Assistant Secretary, 114
State Street, Boston, Mass.
Mrs. Corinne True, 5338 Kenmore Avenue, Chicago,
I11.
Mr. Bernard M. Iacobsen, Treasurer, 556 Howland
Avenue, Kenosha, Wis.
Mr. William C. Ralston, 2101 Van Ness Avenue,
San Francisco, Cal.
Mr. Edward B. Kinney, 276 West Eighty-sixth Street,
New York, N. Y.
Mr. Mountfort Mills, 327 West End Avenue, New
York, N. Y.
Greetings and cheer were sent to Brother
Babcock, at Washington Veterans' Home, Port
Orchard,_ Washington.
A committee prepared and presented the
following inscription to be placed in the auto-
graph book prepared by Mr. Charles Mason
Remey, to be sent to Abdul-Bahi-i by this Con-
vention:
'To the Holy Presence of' around
whom all Names loving greetings from
thy spiritual children, as we strive in unity of heart to
build the Temple of the Lord. Mashrak-cl-Azkiir Con-
vention. Chicago, April 25-28, 1914.
Miss Marian E. Jack, by request, gave a full
report of conditions and progress of the Cause
in London. Greetings were directed sent to
Miss Martha Root, Pittsburgh, Pa. to Mr. Roy
C. Wilhelm, Mr. Mountio-rt Mills, and Mr.
Fugeta; also to a numb-er of sick friends for
whom prayers fo-r the sick had been offered by
name, from time to time during the Conven-
tion. Mr. Gregory read from the Hidden
Words the following:
Child of My Maid-Servant! Guidance hath ever
been by words, but at this time it is by deeds. That
is, all pure deeds must appear from the temple of man,
because all are partners in words, but pure and holy
deeds belong especially to Our friends. Then strive
with your life to be distinguished among all people by
deeds: Thus we exhort you in the holy, radiant Tablet.
My Servants! Ye are the trees of My garden:
ye must bear fresh and beautiful fruits, that ye and
others may be profited by them. Therefore it is neces-
sary for you to engage in arts and business. This is
the means of attaining wealth. ye possessors Of in-
tellect. Affairs depend upon means, and the blessings
of God will appear therein and will enrich you. Fruit-
less trees have been and will be only fit for fire.
The Bride of Wonderful Significances, who was con-
cealed behind the veils of words, hath appeared through

