TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
To the beloved of God and the maid-servants of the Mercil"ul, London.
Upon them be 
I-IE IS con!
firm ones in the 
Your letter was received and its contents became known. A Tablet (lit.
letter) was Written to Teheran fifteen months ago and it was published and
spread in all parts of Persia and now is in the hands of all (the friends). The
exact text of -that Tablet is this:
servant of the BZes'se'd Threshold 
"Thou didst complain of the decline of trade. This year calamities, unfortu-
nate decline and corruption have encompassed the world. Now the proof is
apparent to- all. Abdul-Baha in churches (lit. synagogues) and meetings in many
of the cities of Europe and America loudly proclaimed the Cause of His Holiness
and called (people) to the Kingdom of ABHA. And he (Abdul-
Baha) brought forth luminous proofs and stated clear conclusions and manifest
arguments. There remained no excuse for any soul whatsoever, because most
of the talks were published in newspapers and spread in the world. Notwith-
standing this, still the people are captives in the sleep of negligence and are
prisoners of nature and inattentive to Reality. Still the people desire material
luxury to such a degree that ex, the trumpet of Israfil Summoning
mankind to resurrection) does not awaken them. Of course this negligence,
unthankfulness and unmindfulness are the causes of regret, distress, war and
dispute and produce devastation and misfortune. If the people of the world do
not turn to the Greatest Name, great misery will follow. But for the sake of the
believers it is my hope that traces of the favors of God may be apparent and their
affairs become exceptional.
"Upon thee be 
"(Signed) ABDUL--BAI--IA 
This (above) Tablet was written fifteen months ago and the distressed
happenings of today' were mentioned in it. Notwithstanding this we pray with
the utmost suppli-cation and lamentation at the Threshold of God that He may
purify and free the horizon of the world of humanity from this dark cloud.
Upon ye be 
(Signed) ABDUL--BAI--IA Anms.
Translated by Lotfullah S. Hakim, November Z5, 1914, (Kowl 3rd, 7O),
London, England.

