Message from Abdul-Baha to the beloved in America, through Mr. Kinney
When you enter a public meeting deliver this Massage
from Abdul-Baha:
ye friends of Cod!
All the people of the W0-rld today are workmen of destruction or ruin.
Everyone as though with an axe is striking at the root of the foundation of
humanity. They hold in their hands great implements of warfare and de-
struction. Among the greatest is the axe of religious prejudices or sectarian
bias, as well as that of racial bias; another implement o-f destructio-n is the
axe of patriotic bias; another is the axe of political warfare; another imple~
ment of ruin is the persistent accumulation of commercial benefit or profit;
another, the love of conquest of new domains, as is also the enmity, hatred
and bigotry among the nations and tribes; These souls are entirely inadvertant
to the relations of the Kingdom of God, deprived of the relations of Unity,
and despaired of the Life Eternal. Although outwardly they may he ex-
tremely civilized, nevertheless they live in darkness.
Now, God has chosen you from among mankind, and has guided you
to the Kingdom, has enlightened you-r hearts with the love of God, so that you
may be the cause of guidance to these people, in order that you may become
a cause of guidance to the world of humanity. He has appointed you
as the builders of the edifice of true manhood. Consider with what a power
of morals you must arise in order to withstand all vicissitudes. All these
people, all these promoters as workers of warfare and ruin are spreading the
deeds of hatred among nations. Non), consider" with lvhat a peace and con-
cord you must go forth in order that you may be capable of overcoming the
antagonistic forces.
It is my hope that you may prove yourselves to be the first servants of
the realm of humanity, and the builders of the -edifice of Divine Justice. That
you may radiate the light of the Love of Cod to such an extent as to be able to
remove entirely the gloom and darkness of hatred, bigotry and enmity from
among humanity. Know all mankind of all nations, sects and trihes as
your kith and kin. Consider no-t their deeds, but only God. Seek your
reward fro-m Him and not from them. Know the aged of all nations as
your fathers,_ the juveniles as your brothers and the children as your own.
No matter what lack of courtesy or what severe persecution or stern expressions
of hate and unfathomable enmity you receive, you must have no excuse like
the following: "So and so has spoken unkindly about me," "So and so has
not done me rather you must have no excuse but live according
to the Divine Teachings, whether humanity prove agreeable o-r disagreeable,
whether humanity prove hateful or loving, whether it receives you or casts
you out, so that perchance you may be assisted in hoisting the standard of
peace and pitching the Tabernacle of Oneness and solidarity of the world
of that this temporal life may ultimate in the Life Everlasting,
and this darkness of ignorance which has pervaded the whole world may be
converted into the illumination of guidance. So that material man may
become celestial, and the souls become the heavenly souls; that
the blind may become perceptive, the deaf attentive, the ignorant Wise, the
dead arise. so that, in fact, the Kingdom of God in the world of humanity
may pitch its Canopy and its Tabernacle in the utmost glory."
-ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.

