STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
and all men as brothers; that the bonds of afiect on and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be: these, fruitless st:-iten,
these ruinous wars shall pass away. and the Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. i (December 12, 1914) if No. 15
iiwith the utmost resolution and constancy call the souls to the Kingdom of ABBA
and invite them to firmness and steadfastness in The Covenant and Testament.
Read to them the translation of the Tablet of The Branch and speak with gentle
ness, moderation and loving~kindness."
[See page 233]
ABBAS.
AND CENTER
OF THE 
URING Abdul-Baha's sojourn in America
in 1912, he awakened many to an under-
standing of the Covenant 
made with all the people of the world. He out-
lined "The Covenant" from the time of Abra-
ham down to the present, and explained the
meaning of "The Center of The Covenant,"
showing this phase to be unique in the Bahai
Dispensation. He demonstrated that the ap-
pointing of "The Center" by is the
greatest characteristic or teaching of His Rev-
elation. That is: Conemmted
with all the people of the world 1'egm'd1'1zg the
Interpreter of His Teachings, thereby making
provision against differences, so that no one
shall be able to create a new closing
the greatest door to dissension, strife and WELT.
In this unique Covenant Abdul--Baha admon-
ished all to remain firm and steadfast, say-

"Today, the most important affair is firmness in The Covenant, because
firmness in The Covenant Wards off differences.
"In former cycles no distinct Covenant was made in writing by the
Supreme Pen; no distinct personage was appointed to be the Standard differ-
entiating falsehood from truth, so that whatever he said was to stand as truth
and that which he repudiated was to be known as falsehood. At most, His
Holiness jesus Christ gave only an intimation, a symbol, and that was but an
indication of the solidity of Peter's faith. l/Vhen heinentioned his faith, His
Holiness said, 'thou art means upon this rock will 1
build my church.' This was a sanction of Peter's faith; it was not indicative
of his (Peter) being the expounder of the Book, but was a confirmation of
Peter's faith.
"But in this Dispensation of the Blessed Beauty among
its distinctions is that He did not leave people in perplexity. He entered into a
Covenant and Testament with the people. He appointed a CENTER or THE
COVENANT. He wrote with His own pen and revealed it in the Kitab-el-Akdas,
the Book of Laws, and the Book of the Covenant, appointing
him (Abdul-Baha) the Expounder oi the Book. You must ask him (Abdul-Baha)
regarding the meanings of the texts of the verses. Whatsocx'er he says is cor-
rect. Outside of this, in numerous Tablets He has explicitly
recorded it, with clear, sufficient, valid and forceful statements. In the Tablet
of THE Baancn He explicitly states: Whatroever THE Brannon says is riigh-zf,

