"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as broth rs th ttheb hallb ween esonso mens rengt ened
that diversity of religion shall cease and difierences of: race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the Most Great Peace' shall 
VQILV: if if if Sharaf 1, 70 (December 31, 1914) No. 16
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
SANE PERSON CAN AT THIS TIME DENY THE FACT THAT
WAR IS THE MOST DREADFUL CALAMITY IN
THE WORLD OF 
To the maid-servant of God, Miss Beatrice Irwin, London.
I--IE IS 
thou beloved daiug/iter!
Thy letter was received and I have Written for thy sake this Message. This
article, in answer to thy question, is very important. Display ye the utmost effort
in its publication.
After the declaration of the constitutional regime in Turkey in 1908, by the
members of the Committee of the Union and Progress, this prisoner of forty
years, travelled and journeyed for three years--from 1910 to 
the countries of Europe and the vast continent of America. Notwithstanding
advancement in age with its natural consequences, with a resonant voice I deliv-
ered detailed addresses before large conventions and in historical churches. I
enumerated all those principles contained in the Tablets and Teachings of
concerning War and Peace.
About fifty years ago, His Holiness proclaimed certain Teach-
ings and raised the Song of Universal Peace. In numerous Tablets and sundry
Epistles He foretold, in the most explicit language, the present cataclysinal events;
stating that the World of humanity was facing the most portentious danger and
asserting categorically that the realization of Universal War was unfortunately
inevitable and unavoidable. For these combustible materials which were stored in
the infernal arsenals of Europe Would explode by contact with one spark.
Among other things, "the Balkans will become a volcano and the map of Europe
will be changed." For these and similar reasons He invited
the World of humanity to Universal Peace. He wrote a number of Epistles to
the kings and rulers and in those epistles He explained the destructive evils of
war and dwelt on the solid benefits and nobler influences of Universal Peace.
VVar saps the foundation of humanity; killing is an unparclonable crime against
God, for man is an edifice built by the Hand of the Almighty. Peace is life
incarnate; war is death personified. Peace is the divine spirit; War is satanic
suggestion. Peace is the light of the World; War is stygian darkness and Cll11--
merian gloom. All the great prophets, ancient philosophers and heavenly Books

