STAR OF THE WEST 263
A BRIEF HISTORY OF THE AMERICAN DEVELOPMENT
OF THE BAHAI MOVEMENT
BY THORNTON CHASE
the month of June, 1894, a gentleman
Iin Chicago desired to study Sanskrit, in
order to further pursue his search into
ancient religious teachings. While seeking an
instructor he met a Syrian who had come to
Chicago from Egypt a short time before, and
who to-ld him of the Bahai Movement.
As the statements of the life and teachings
of and his son, Abbas Effendi,
the "Greatest Branch," otherwise known as
Abdul-Baha, accorded with the declarations of
numerous sacred prophecies, and with the age-
long expectations of mankind, it was deemed
of value to investigate those claims as far as
possible.
Other seekers for truth became attracted to
the study of these matters, with the result
that five accepted the teachings as true dur-
ing the year 1894. In 1895 a number of ear-
nest students became interested, classes were
formed, and several became "believers," and
in 1896, the followers of the Bahai Cause in
Chicago were numbered by hundreds.
A class of Truth Seekers was begun in
Kenosha, Wis., another in Milwaukee, and
individuals from New York, Cincinnati, Wash-
ington, and other points, came in touch with
the Movement in Chicago-, and carried in-
formation of it to their friends at home, so
that in 1898 many students in eastern cities
were eagerly seeking knowledge of God through
this channel.
On Nov. 4-th, 1900, there arrived in New
York, Mirza Assad'u'1lah, a Persian teacher
of authority from Acca, in Palestine, and
I-Iadji Hassan Khorassani, a prominent mer-
chant of Cairo, Egypt; with Mirza Hussein
Rouhy, and Mirza Buzork, as interpreters.
They remained in New York, meeting and
teaching large numbers of people, until Nov.
26th, when they visited Iohnstown, New York,
for two days, and reached Chicago at 4 p. 
Thanksgiving Day, Nov. 29th, where they made
their headquarters for a year and a half.
A little later came another Persian gentle-
man, Mirza Abul Fazl, a scholar and historian,
famous in the Orient for his learning and
sincerity, one who had given up a position of
the highest honor in Persia, as president of the
Royal College of Teheran, to embrace the
Bahai Cause, which resulted in his imprison-
ment for three years in Persian dungeons.
Two young Persians, Mirza Ali Kuli Khan
and Mirza Ameen'u'llal1 also arrived to act
as interpreters.
With these teachers came the first oppor-
tunity for a correct and intimate knowledge
of the true Bahai teachings. The salient
mission of the Bab as the forerun-
ner and proclaimer of the coming of "He
Whom God Shall Manifest," his life, and
early the appearance of 
LLAI-I, the Manifestation, and Revealer of the
Divine Word, the station and authority of
Abbas Effendi, Abdul-Baha, as the Center of
the Covenant, the Interpreter and the Estab-
lisher of the Sacred Law; these were known
and believed; but, as yet, there had been but
little translation of their writings, and but a
small portion of their beautiful and compre-
hensive teachings of religion and life was
known until they were disclosed by these vis-
itors from the Center of the Cause. The
young interpreters, assisted by Mr. Anton Had-
dad of Syria, busied themselves in translating
the Bahai Writings from Persian and Arabic
into English, and a wonderful treasury of wis-
dom and knowledge was opened, which has
been the delight and satisfaction of thousands
of hungry souls in America.
The instructions given by Mirza Assad'u'llah
and Mirza Abdul Fazl were thoroughly sane
and practical, and so insisted on righteousness,
right living--as the essential of religion, rather
than and occult experiments, that many
persons, who had conceived views imbued with
imaginations and superstitions, fell away from
the those who remained discovered
such spiritual light, guidance, richness, and
power in the teachings, that they were deeply
confirmed in their belief, and clung to it as
the most valuable instruction possible for man
to obtain.
The classes and assemblies which had dimin-
ished in number, again began to grow, and to
spread the knowledge of the Bahai Cause;
until at the present time its adherents in the
United States are numbered by 
there are believers in many cities and towns,
from the Atlantic to the Pacific--all earnest
and sincere in their faith, and in their ac-
ceptance of this modern revelation of Divine
(Continued on Page 265')

