STAR OF THE WEST 101
G-od has created mankind. He has endowed
a.ll with perfections and intelligence, He has
given all two hands and two feet, He has given
all two eyes and two ears, no distinction has
He made; no differentiation why
should women be inferior to men? The
justice of God will not allow this. The justice
of God has created them equal. In the estima-
tion of God there is no gender. The one whose
heart is p-ure-st, whose deeds are best, is ac-
ceptable in the estimation of God, be that one
male or female. How often have certain Women
been the very pride of men ;--for example Mary
the ~mo-ther of _Tesu's. S-he was the pride and
glory of mankind. Mary Magdalene, Ayesah the
daughter of Pharoah, Sarah the wife of Abra-
ham and innumerable others have glorified the
human race by their excellence. In this day
there are certain women among the Bah-ais who
far surpass men. They are wise, perfected,
well informed, very progressive, most intelli-
gent and the glory of men. They are far
more courageous than men. VVhen they speak
in meetings the men listen to them with great
respect. Furthermore, the education. of women
is much more im.porta.nt than the education of
men, for these daughters will be mothers, and
mothers rear the children. The first teachers
of children are mothers. Therefore, they must
be in a state of utmost perfection in order to
b-e able to- educate the sons. There are many
provisions by in regard to this.
Therefore promulgated oneness
of educatio-n, that is the need of one curriculum
for both men and Daughters and sons
must follow the same form of study and the
same education. Having one course of educa-
tion promotes unity among mankind. When
all mankind shall receive the same education,
and the equality of men and women be realized,
the foundations of warfare will be utterly de-
stroyed. Without this it is utterly impossible,
because differ-en-ces are conducive to strife and
warfare. Equality between men and women
is conducive to the abolition of warfare, be-
cause w'omen will never be willing to sanction
warfare. So-ns are very dear to their mothers.
Mothers will never allow them to go to
the battlefield and shed their blood. Would
a mother be willing 'to have a son whom
s-he had reared for twenty years torn asunder
on the battlefield? No mother would ever be
willing. No matter in what cause they ask her
to separate from her son, whether patriotism,
the military policy, the glory of war,--mothers
will not consent to this. Therefore when the
equality of men and women is perfectly realized
and women shall obtain their rights, there is no
doubt that warfare will entirely cease among
mankind.
Among the other principles which Basra'-
inculcated was that science and religion
must agree. Religion must be reasonable; it
must perfectly agree with science, so that sci-
ence shall sanction religion and religion sanc-
tion science. The two must be brought to-
gether_ inclissolubly in the Reality. If questions
of difference arise, which are both unreason-
able and un-scientific, these are outcome of
pure im.aginatio-n. How man-y superstitions of
this character have arisen in past ages! Con-
sider the imaginations and superstitions of the
Roman p-eople, which lay at the foundation of
their religious beliefs! Consider the Greek na-
tions and their religious superstitions! Con-
sider the superstitions of the ancient Egyp-
tians, which were the foundations of their
beliefs! All the-se were contrary to reason and
science. Therefore it is now evident that
they we-re s-uperstitio-ns, but in times past they
held to them most tenacious-ly- For example,
a certain idolof the many idols of the ancient
Egyptians was to them a perfected miracle,
Whereas in reality it was just a piece of stone.
Science could not sanction that a piece of rock
was a perfected miracle. Therefore this must
have been superstition, and now it is evident
that it was superstition. Therefore we must cast
aside superstition and investigate Reality. That
which We consider as reasonable and real shall
be accepted, and that which science and reason
cannot sanction, is not Reality but imitation.
These imitations must b-e cast aside and we
must hold tenaciously to Reality, agreeing with
science, agreeing with reason. When we do
that, differences will utterly disappear. All
Will become as one family, one people, one
nation, and the same susceptibility and educa-
tion shall be witnessed.
BENEDICTION.
Lord! Thou hope of people! Thou art
the shelter of all these, Thy servants! Thou
knowest the secrets and the mysteries! We
are all sinners, and Thou are the shelter of sin-
Merciful, the Clement! Lord,
look not at our shortcom-ings! Deal with us
according to Thy grace and bestowal. Our
shortcomings are many, but the Sea of Thy
forgiveness is boundless. Therefore confirm
and strengthen us. Aid us in that which will
make us acceptable at Thy Threshold. Illuinine

