STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened-
that diversity of religion shall cease and ditferences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strites:
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
V01. Jamal 1, 70 (April 28, 1914) 3
"For, behold, the darkness shall cover the earth, and gross darkness the people; but the
LORD shall arise upon thee, and His Glory shall be seen upon lhee"-- Isaiah 60:2.
THE AND THE OF 
A BRIEF PRESENTATION OF THE BAHAI MESSAGE.
From The Bahai Proofs, by l\/lirza Abul-Fazl.
when ye carefully consider the world, ye will perceive that all the nations
0 of the ancient world have been totally incrusted by false worship of paganism and
S-abeanism; the darkness of imaginations and fictitious ideas ha.s prevailed in every
region, and entangling beliefs and cvil customs accumulated in eve_ry clime. Inasmuch as
the above-mentioned nation-s were ignorant of the meanings and original purposes of the
texts revealed in the Heavenly Books, such as "ascent" and "descent," "return" and "resti~
tuti-on," "heaven" and "earth," "sun," "moron" and "stars," "resurrection," "death" and "life,"
and many similar words which were upon the lips of the prophets since t-he ancient days,
and wer'e uttered by the Tongues of God fr-om the foundation of the world; and as they
understood su-ch words according to their literal sense; therefore these nations fell into the
gulf of the fictitious b-eliefs of paganism. Among these pagan notions were transmigration
of s-ouls, transformation of 6n1b0di.mentS, worship of stars, animals an-d trees, services of
genii, co-ntrolling spirits a.nd other ruinous practices and pernicious facts
are evident to every informed historian, and to every student and archaeologist.
As the gloom of fictitious and sup-erstitious beliefs prevailed in all parts of the world;
as the clouds of ruinous practices, the dusk of pernicious actions, densely enwrapped all
regions, and veils of suspicion hung upon every side; and as the earth was entirely covered
by darkness upon darkness therefore the prophets--Peace be upon them !-~have interpreted
that long duration as the "gloomy night," and the time of its disappearance as the "bright
morning," "the day when- it shineth."
MOS-ES
The Great Lord Moses the "Interlocutor," was the first one who arose in that dark and
gloomy period and announced to the Israelitish people the coming termin-ation of that long
night. He proclaimed the advent of the glorious "Day of He taught them the Unity
of God; made known to them t-he way of worshipping God; implanted in their hearts the
expectation of the arrival of the "Day of God," and explained to them the signs, symbols,
tokens and wonders thereof. So also in the past days, Abraham, who was entitled, Zoro-
aster, appeared in Persian regions and taught the Parsee nation the worship of the merciful
God, abolishing idolatry from among th-em, announcing the coming of the "Hour," remind-
ing them of the fu-ture Resurrection, explaining the signs and tokens thereof, and unveiling
the appointed time. Moreover, he clearly stated to them that, verily, the Sun of the prom-
ised Beauty should dawn from the horizon of the East, and that the blessed Sadrat would
spring forth from a well--ro-oted tree of Persia. But, as at that time the hours of gloomy
night were still far from the dawning-place of Manifestatio-n, the false imaginary beliefs
and pernicious worship of paganism prevailed even among the Hebraic and Persian nations;
thus the Worship of God was mingled with fire-worship, and the kings of Iudea and Ephraim
associated with nations rooted in paganism, such as the Egyptians, Pho-enicvians, Assyrians,
Chaldeans an-d Greeks, because the latter had assumed dominion over the lands of Palestine
and the inhabitants thereof. On this account the Hebrews were compelled to live under the
laws of these governm-ents, to obey their kings, adore their demons and worship their idols.
Yet, among them, the Israelitish prophets, such as David, Isaiah, Jeremiah, Daniel, Zecha-
riah an-d 0thers--Peace be upon them !--were, during fifteen hundred years, reminding the

