58 STAR OF
tion When the question of
exile to another distant point
was rumored ab-road, Haji Ali Asghar went to
and supplicated that he and his
family be included in the company. When
the exiled party reached the pestilential town
of Acca, the authorities lodged them in the
military barracks. Hossein Aga at this time
was a young man, and was detailed by the
Blessed Perfection to the personal service of
Abdul-Baha. When Abdul-Baha received
he was wont to do at all times--
Hossein Aga was there to serve refreshments.
At that time there lived in Acca a Ba-
ha-i by the name of Mohammed Ibrahim Ameer
Bahai veteran who took an active part in
the famous events of Nayreez and whose his-
tory alone makes a book. Years before he ha-d
left Persia and migrated to Bagdad to look in
the face of and from that time
on he never left Him. In the household
of' there lived a lovely girl, and
after leaving the military barracks she was
selected as the future wife of Moharnmed Ibra-
him Ameer. Quietly they were married, and
years rolled on, each year adding its quota of
happiness. From this marriage a girl was born,
she was given the fascinating name o-f Badi--eh
Khanum, and under the protecting wing of
the Blessed Perfection she grew up.
Thus during all these years Hossein Aga and
this girl, Badi--eh Khanum, had been develop-
ing and advancing to-ward one common destiny.
They became engaged, and in clue time were
married. They lived together most happily, the
husband continuing his services at the court
of Abdul-Baha. In the course of time God
blessed them with six fine children, three boys
and three girls. They are all living. The
names of the boys are Mohammed, Ahmad
and Ata, and the girls' names are Fatemah
Khanum-, Zeenat Khanum and Habour Khanum.
The eld-est daughter, Fatemah Khannm, on the
feast of Nanrooz, March 21st. was married to
Mirza Ali Akbar, who- was with Abdul-Baha
THE WEST
in America and whom all know and love very
1nucl1. The next daughter, Zeenat Khanum, is
the subject of this article, and the youngest of
all, Habo-ur Khannm, is attending the College
in Beirut.
Zeenat Khanum -is a beautiful and charm-
ing young woman. There is no doubt that her
arrival in America and her stay among the
Bahais will be an added impetus toward the
unity of the East and the West. Brought up
in the calm, infinitely delicate atmosphere of
the Holy Family, imbued with the spiritual
beauty of the divine life of Abdul-Baha, filled
with the dreams and silence of the magic East,
she will make many hearts happy. The inner
life of a spiritual-hearted Eastern W0-man is
a garden of imperishable flowers. It is deep,
calm and balanced. Her gentle ideals and
thoughts are "of a delicacy of perception so
fine and subtle that language itself is to-o coarse
to express their miraculous shadings and dis-
criminations." It is a rose the "fragrant love-
liness" of which perfumes all the nostrils. "It
is a revelation of indefinable a
beauty an-d strength in repose, of an irridescent
mistiness which subdues and softens the form
and color of all things seen, of a silence that
is not cold and empty, but faintly musical and
tinted, of a sound beyond all hearing and a
vision beyond all sight."
Abdul-Baha says: have trained Zeenat
Khanum, and having co-nfiden-ce in her, there-
fore, I sent her to- America; also because the
daughters of Hossein Aga are my daughters.
Moreover, after this I have hopes in her that,
God willing, she will become the 'Zeenat'
(adornment) of America."

On behalf of all the Bahais in America and
throughout the Bahai world, the STAR OF THE
WEST extends congratulations to its fellow-
wo-rker, Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi and greetings and
lo-ve to his bride, Zeenat Khannm.
--The Edits rs.
if}-
SIXTH ANNUAL CONVENTION OF BAHAI TEMPLE UNITY
[Continued from page 55]
faces shining, added their treasure, 
clear, to the testimony in His Love. Though
the words of their mouths were not eloquent
as -eloquence is judged in the halls of learn-
ing, the lo-ve and severance in -those hearts was
so great that the Fragrances of the Kingdom
were enabled to reach that place and all were
made happy.
be continued in N0. 5 issue]
OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue con-
tains: (1) Talk by Abdul-Baha pertaining to
the Oneness of Divinity; (2) Mirza Mahrnood
Zargam; (3) the School of Tarbiat; (4)
progress of the Cause in America; (5) trans-
lation of Article concerning the Cause which
appeared in a Buda-Pest, Hungary, newspaper;
(6) article from another Hungarian newspaper;
(7) news from the Holy Land.

