STAR OF THE WEST
the Breeze of Compassion give fragrance and perfume to the plain and the
meadow. This state is only made possible through teaching the Cause of
God, explaining the Proofs of God, demonstrating the Religion of God
with divine evidences and irrefutable arguments and guiding the inhabitants of
the earth to the Fountain of Reality!
Consider, that the Apostles of Christ were few in number, but because
they were filled to overflowing with His Graces, and the essence of His
Advice and Commandments was circulating, like unto the spirit, through
their veins and arteries, to such an extent that one could find nothing else
throughout their beings save His Love, and they girded up the loins of
endeavor to convey the Message. Now it has become manifest what a tre-
mendous effect and result their services produced! We must also act accord-
ingly and follow in their footsteps.
ye divine believers! Today any soul who is a teacher of the Cause
is confirmed. The teachers are in the front rank, are favored at the Thres-
hold of the Almighty and helped from the Kingdom of The be-
lievers of God must exercise the utmost love, respect and consideration towards
the teachers that in whatever place they may enter, joy and happiness
be obtained. But regarding the qualifications of the teachers, they are re-
vealed in the Divine Tablets. They must adom themselves with those
attributes. I declare by God, beside whom there is no God, that if today
a weak mosquito is characterized with the qualifications of the teachers and
summons the people to the Divine Kingdom, it will become a soaring falcon
of heaven and the ephemeral moth will be changed into an eagle of the apex
of the Merciful; the drop will be transformed into a surging ocean and
the atom will emit the brilliancy of the sun. From every part the cry of,
"Where are the teachers is being raised, and from the Kingdom of ABHA,
the voice of, "V!/here are the attracted ones? Where are the severed ones?
Where are the righteous ones.-7 Where are the sanctified ones reaches to
the ear of intelligence. The inhabitants of the world have attained to a most
astonishing capacity and are ready to hearken to this Call.
ye friends of God! Show ye an effort, put ye forth an extraordi-
nary exert1on~so that this Candle may become the witness of every congre-
gation, and this lay or strain be the Cause of happiness to every human soul.
Next spring whosoever has competency, or in other words, can provide
sufficient and adequate travelling expenses for his coming and return, so that
he can joumey with the utmost joy and fragrance, if he asks for permission to
visit the Holy Threshold, it will be granted. Now, the present conditions
show the wisdom of withholding permission in the past, for during these
days of general revolutions and disturbances, the pilgrims would have been
obliged to suffer innumerable difficulties. Be ye admonished! ye posses-
sors of intelligence! Hence, it is plain that all which is written is based
on a consummate wisdom.
Upon ye be 
Glory be unto Thee, Thou whose Seas of Bestowals are waving and
whose Breezes of Providence are wafting over all those who have arisen to
[Continued on page 218]

