STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and ditterences ot race be annulled. So it shall be; these truitless strifes.
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Ola 1, 70 (March 2, 1915) No. 19
PROOFS OF THE IMMORTALITY OF THE SOUL
Talk given by Abdul-Baha at the home of Mrs. Parsons, Washington, D. C., Saturday, November 9, 1912
From stenographic notes by Mr. Joseph H. Hanuen
OR composed objects, there is necessarily
a destruction or disintegration. For in-
stance, there is decomposition for the
flower; it is composed of various elements.
When this composed form undergoes decom-
position--in other words, when these elements
separate and disintegrate--that is what we
call death. That is the' meaning of death as
applied to the flower. For inasmuch as it is
composed of single elements, multitudinous
cellular atoms, it is subject to 
that is the mortality of the flower. Similarly
the body of man is composed of various ele-
ments. This composition of the elements has
been given life. When these elements are sub-
ject to disintegration, life disappears, and that
is death. Existence on a certain plane is ex-
pressive of composition, and non~existence or
mortality means decomposition.
But the reality of man is not composed of
elements and cannot b.e decomposed. It is
not an elemental composition. Every object
which is composed of elements is subject to
disintegration, and that disintegration means
death. But any reality which is not the re-
sultant of the composition of elements is not
subject to death. This is a philosophical state-
ment but true, that the element itself never
dies. There is no destruction possible for it.
Why? Because it is single and not composed;
it is not a composition subject to that decom-
position which is synonymous to death. Hence
we will learn that composition spells life, de-
composition spells death.
Inasmuch as the human body is composed of
elements, it becomes mortal or dies, because
its component substances separate or disinte-
grate. But the reality of man not being com-
posed of elements is not subject to decomposi-
tion, evanescence or mortality.
A third evidence or proof is that there are
definite changes in the human
organism. At one time the body is normal.
At another time it is abnormal. Now it is
weak, a11d anon it is strong. Now it is in-
jured; one hand might be amputated, a limb
broken, an destroyed, an ear deafened, or
some defect might attack a certain organ. But
these changes, remember, do not affect the
human spirit or soul of man. Be the body
stout or thin, the spirit of man does not be-
come corpulent or lean. If the body of man
is weak or decrepit, the spirit or soul appears
to be unaffected thereby. If .a part of the
human organism be -destroyed, as, for instance,
if the two hands were to be cut off, or the
two lower limbs, or the two eyes, even the two
ears, the human soul functions just the same,
showing that no changes of the body affect
the operation of the soul. We have learned
that mortality means simply change and trans-
formation; a11d therefore because we do not
find any change and transformation in the soul
as the result of the changes in the body, we,
therefore, prove it to be immortal. Anything
changeable is accidental, evanescent.
This immortal human soul is pos-
sessed of two forms of control--two perceptions
as it were. One is affected through instrumen-
tality, the other independently. For instance,
the human soul sees through the instrumental-
ity of the eye; with the ear it hears; 'with the
nostrils it senses odors; with the hand it
grasps objects. These are the actions or opera-
tions oi the soul through instruments. But
in the world of dreams, the soul sees when
the eyes are closed. The man is seemingly
dead--lies there as ears do not
hear; yet he hears. The body lies there, but he
--that is, the soul--travels, sees, observes. All
the instruments of the body are inactive; all
the functions seemingly useless. Notwithstand-
ing this, there is an immediate perception by
the soul. Exhilaration is experienced. The
soul journeys, perceives, senses. It often hap-
pens that man in a state of wakefulness has
not been able to accomplish the solution of a
problem, and when he goes to sleep, he will

