182
STAR OF THE WEST
and he becomes the subject of the lowe-r passions. What are all these? They are
no other than the mandates of the world of nature.
"Only tho-se persons who are in reality believers in God, who have witnessed
the Signs of God, are attracted to the Kingdom of God and turned their faces
toward God--they and they alone are freed from the bloody claws of nature.
Whereas formerly they were the subjects of nature, now they become the rulers.
Whereas before they were vanquished by nature, now they become its victors.
In brief, While nature invites man to the baser propensities of ego and self, the
Love of God attracts him to the worlds of sanctity and holiness, justice and
generosity, mercy and humanity."
During the day, many holy scenes transpired
around the unique personality of Abdul-Baha.
I was in his presence in the afternoon, and he
dictated many Tablets for the Bahais in Per-
sia, England and India. Again I met him be-
fore sunset, a wonderful portrait of heavenly
ideals, vibrating with the spirit of the Kingdom
and creating the proper, peaceful atmosphere
for those who are around him and inspiring
the hearts with his supreme courage.
mother earth! of thee,
Home of humanity,
Of thee we sing;
Land where our brothers roam,
Land of the nation's home,
Under all heaven's dome,
Let Duty ring,
Our Father's country this,
Home of His 'tis,
This home we love;
We love all lands and seas,
One kin its people, these,
Their bond and nature, is,
. Like that above.
ANTHEM OF WORLD PA TRIOTISM
Let friendship fill this place,
And ring to every race
Fraternal's Song;
O, human kind, awake,
Let all that live partake,
The long dead silence break,
The note prolong.
The nations' Lord; to Thee,
Friend of humanity,
Of Thee we sing;
Long may our earth be bright
With brothers' love and right;
Inspire us by Thy Right,
Great Christ, our King.
Bahai Nest, Mount Carmel,
Haifa, Syria, August 7, 1914.
Dear friends 
Rev. I. W. Van Kirk, the designer of the
World Peace Flag, writes the following to
Abdul-Baha:
"Having had the hon-or of seeing you twice
and having the great pleasure of meeting a
few of your devoted followers in Washington,
Philadelphia and New York City, I take the
liberty of sending you an emblem as an ap-
propriate standard of the fundamental and com-
prehensive truths you are promulgating, and
hope to have the delight of meeting you in
Acca. You will please find enclosed a flag and
pamphlet which are self-explanatory. Should
the way open, I hope to unfurl in the streets
of Acca the standard of the great ideas and
principles of the Bahai Manifestation."
Concerning the flag, he says: "The seven
stripes are the colors of the rainbow, or what
is called in science the spectrum analysis of
white light. As the light of the sun passes
through the drops of rain, it is broken up into
the primary colors of red, orange, yellow, green,
blue, indigo and violet, and thrown on the cloud
beyond the observer. Also when light passes
through a prism it disperses into the same col-
ors. And when these colors are reunited they
produce white light. The seven stripes in gen-
eral represent the human race as it has passed
through history. It has been broken up, segre-
gated and divided into many nations, races,
languages, civilizations, sects and parties of
various kinds, yet, at the same time, it shows
that they are not naturally independent, antag-
onistic or enemies of one another, but are parts,
shades or phases of one common humanity."

