STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the poit oflice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 187$.
7 -- 4i
Editorial Sfafl': ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
g; Honorary Member: AHMAD SQHRAB 
Terms: $1.50 per year; 15 cents per copy
Note -- Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Order: payable to NEWS SERVICE, P, 0. Box 283, Chicago, U, S. A.
To personal checln please add suflicient to cover the bank exchange.
.
Address all communications to News P. O. Box 2 3, Chicago, 
8
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAI-IA.
thou Star th st!
0 rm Is cool
Be thou happy! . Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahars which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakeble, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide->>and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity, Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Sign-ed) Anus.
Vol. Kalamat 1, (July 13, 1914) No. 7
From Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohnh-, April Z, l9l4)
AM WAITING, I AM PATIENTLY 
all that could be clone. I have served the Cause of to the ut-
most of my ability. I have labored night and day all the years of my life.
how I long to see the believers shouldering the responsibilities of the
Cause! This is the time of the proclamation of the Kingdom of This is the
hour of Union and Accord! This is the day of the spiritual harmony of the friends of
Gocll All the resources of my physical strength are exhausted and the spirit of my life
is the news of the Unity of the people of Baha. I am straining my ears toward the East
and toward the V/est, toward the North and toward the South, perchance might hear
the songs of love and g0od~iellowship raised from the meetings of the believers. My
days are numbered, and save this there is no- joy left for me.
how I yearn to see the friends united like unto a strand of shining pearls
like the brilliant Pleiades, like the rays of the sun and the gazelles of one meadow!
The nightingale of significance is singing for them; will they not listen? The bird of
paradise is warbling; will they not heed'? The Angel of the Kingdom of ABHA is
calling to them; will they not hearken? The Messenger of the Covenant is pleading;
will they not obey?
Ah me! I am waiting, waiting to hear the glad news that the believers are the
embodiment oi sincerity and loyalty, that they are theiincarnation of love and amity and
the visible symbols of unity and concord! Will they not rejoice my heart? Will they
not satisfy my cravings? Will they not comply with my request? Will they not fulfill
my anticipations? Will they not answer my call?
am waiting. I am patiently waiting!
RIENDIS, the time is coming when I shall be no longer with you. I have done
ABBAS

