 TUA 0- OPERA TI ON -- ONFIRMA TI ON 
THE COMPLETE ESTABLISHMENT OF THIS DIVINE PRINCIPLE IN THE 
HEARTS OF THE FRIENDS OF GOD, NOTHING CAN
BE 
To his honor Ameen [one of the venerable teachers of the East], Teheran, Persia:
Up-on him be 
HE IS con!
thou spiritual Ameeu!
In all the world of creation all the existent beings are in the utmost connection.
Through this comection, mutual helpfulness and co-operation is realized. This mutual
helpfulness and co-operation is the origin of the conservation of the forces of lite. If
for one instant this mutual helpfulness and co-operation were cut off from the sources
and realities of things, all the existent beings and things would be thrown into confusion
and chaos, and be reduced to nothingness and annihilation.
For instance: From the breath of the anim;als a watery element, called hydrogen
and carbon is exhaled, and this is the life principle of the vegetable kingdom. From
the vegetable kingdom and the trees, a fiery element, called oxygen, is emitted and this
becomes the cause of the maintenance of the life of the animal kingdom. In such a
manner, mutual helpfulness and co--operation is realized continually between all the
existent beings.
Likewise, the greatest inter-relation and communication exists between the sons of
men, without which peace, life and existence is entirely impossible. For a soul inde-
pendent of all the other souls and without receiving assistance from other sources can-
not live for the twinkling of an eye; nay, rather, he will become non-existent and
reduced to nothingness; especially among the believers of God between whom material
and spiritual communication is developed up to the highest point oi perfection.
It is this real communication, the essential necessity and requirement of which is:
mutual helpfulness, co--operation and confirmation. Withoutthe complete establishment
of this divine principle in the hearts of the friends of God, nothing can be accomplished,
for they are the hyacinths of one garden; the waves of one sea, the stars of one heaven
and the rays of one sun. From every standpoint, the essential unity, the luminous unity,
the religious unity and the material unity are founded and organized-between them.
In these times the utmost hope and wish o-f the friends of the West is the erection
of the Mashrak-el-Azkar, and in those regions the materials for construction and
building are expensive and costly. A large sum of money is needed for the building of
a residence; then how much more is needed for the foundation of the Mashark--el~Azkiir
which must be erected with the utmost splendor, beauty and magnificence!
Therefore, the friends of God must arise in every part of the world to raise c0ntri~
butions, and with their hearts and souls strive to gather these funds to be sent to the
Occideut that it may become known and evident throughout the universe that the Bahais

