70 STAR OF
tainty that only through this realization of the
essential oneness of humanity is that Universal
Peace toward which yon strive, attainable."
Nor did the Convention forget its much
missed and dearly beloved Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi
and his ne-w- bride, sending a wire to them:
greetings from Convention to Zeenat
and Zia." Messrs. Remey and Latimer, from
Paris, and San Francisco and Denver Assem-
blies likewise sent telegrams o-f greeting, among
others to the Convention. Miss Ma.rion E. Jack
gave a progressive account of the work in Lon-
don and England.

At 8 p. m. on Monday evening, the 27th,
the second public meeting was held in Assem-
bly Hall in the Northwestern University
Building in Lake Street. T'he large and at-
tractive hall was Well filled when Chairman
Hall opened the proceedings with a most pow-
erful and convincing discourse on the Oneness
of the World of Humanity.
Mrs. Mariam Haney was then called upon
and gave a beautiful paper, replete with pene-
trating quotations from the Words of Abdul-
Baha. "Can you paint upon the page of the
world the ideal pictures of the Supreme Con-
course? The pictures which are in the ideal
World are eternal. I desire you to become such
an artist. Man can paint these ideal pictures
upon the Tablet of Existence with the brush
of deeds. The Holy, Divine Manifestations
are all Heavenly Artists. Upon the canvas
of creation, with the brush of their deeds and
lit/es and actions they paint immortal pictures
which cannot be found in any art museum of
Europe and America; but you find the master-
pieces of these S-pliritual Artists in the hearts."
With reference to this Mrs. Haney said: "The
Bahais have a single purpose. That purpose
is to spread the Light of Truth in this dark
world by word and by deed for they are striv-
ing to walk in the path pave-d by the One
through whom is coming to the world today
all there is of real Life, real Light, and Love
Center of the Covenant of God-and this
Divine Educator gives forth the law first and
then He lives it Himself first, thus travelling
the path and paving the way for humanity."
The next speaker was Mr. Edward B. Kin-
ney of New York. His address was full of
sweetness and force. He spoke of the Divine,
universal picture, prepared of God through-
out the centuries, Which, until the Day of
Unfoldment came, seemed almost as a jumble
of harmonies to the unseeing eye--when sud-
THE WEST
denly with a single touch of the Divine Artist
in this Day a perfect and exquisite picture
appears from out all these elements, all of
which were necessary to the final unfoldment.
Then of the First Point the Bab, of 
OJLLAH, and of the Center of the Covenant
who is on earth to-day, and must be reckoned
with; of ho-w their power and sweetness
changes -the lives of all who turn to them; of
the three types of humanity and the way each
approaches this Call; finally closing with a
stirring invitation to the many present to in-
vestigate and consider carefully the proofs of
the Cause. During the meeting, Mr. Kinney
favored the audience with a chant, accompany-
ing himself o_n the piano, and reciting from
the Hidden Words. This was one of several
occasions during the sessions when the con-
gregations were delighted by his beautiful
chanting.
Mr. Louis G. Gregory then spoke of the ob-
ject of the Bahai Movement as divine unity of
man with God, and the manifestation of this
unity in b-rotherhood, confirming all that is
good and true in every religion. That the
differences between men, in the final analysis,
is a difference of vision, while the difference
between the savage and civilized man, in re-
gard to what we call civilization, is entirely a
difference of degree. He referred to the great
contribution of the state of Illinois to the life
of the race, in Abraham Lincoln; how Illinois
was to the front of spiritual and practical
ideals in granting the franchise to women, one
of the Bahai foundations; then read from the
Hidden Words, Children of Men! Do ye
know Why we have created ye from one clay?
That none should glorify himself over the
other," etc.

The final session of the Convention was the
public meeting, the third of the series, held
at the Assembly Hall, Northwestern University
Building, o-n Tuesday evening. This gathering
was more largely attended than any that had
preceded it, and was a most impressive and
fitting close for the Convention. Chairman
Hall presiding, first called upon Mrs. Haney
for a reading from the Tablets, and the Prin-
ciples of the Bahai Revelation. Then Mr.
Hall recounted the experiences in his own
life with reference to the stages of develop-
ment, then touchingly referred to the life of
his father and of his strong faith in the things
of the spirit, and of his passing away at the
age of 81 on the 21st of March, in serene faith.
Then Mrs. W. Bryant Guy, alternate

