STAR OF THE WEST 165
"Today the people are thrown into the utmost consternation! How many
fathers were lamenting and groaning last night, and how many mothers have
been crying and weeping in this tow-n and Acca! They are thrown into such a
panic, they are so alarmed' that no desc-ription can give an adequate picture! Why
this tyranny? Who has obliged them to perpetuate these acts of savagery! The
kings and the rulers, the politicians and the statesmen live in the utmost ease in
their palaces and send these innocent men and peasants who have never seen each
other, into the battlefield to tear each other to pieces with shells and cannon balls.
The armies are the pawns to be played with on the chess-board of their fiendish
ambitions! How cruel is this! How pitiless is this! How brutal is this! How
ferocious is this! These so-called leaders of humanity are not willing to let even
one hair fall from their heads. They are cowards and are sulking in darkness.
Why do they send these thousands and thousands of men to the field of carnage,
to be mowed down by each other like the grass!
"If a number of imaginary or real difficulties have arisen between Austria and
Servia, if they are really disinterested and are anxious to keep the balance of- the
Powers and not disturb the Peace of Europe, why do they not go before the Court
of Arbitration? The impartial members of that Court of Arbitral justice will look
into the nature of the claims of each party, and after mature investigation decide
which one is in the right. Were they ready to refer all their differences to such a
Court, this war would have been obviated. The Universal Court of Arbitration
is the only body that shall resolve all the disagreements and contentions that arise
between the nations of the world. Extraordinary exertion must be put forward by
the civilized governments to organize such an influential, international organiza>>
tion, before which all their quarrels may be arbitrated. What better plan can be
conceived by man? What harm is there in this? The rulers, the cabinet ministers
and the administrations of each country will find the utmost comfort and ease enjoy-
ing the fruits of their labors. . . .
"If we reflect carefully, we observe that since history has been written and the
deeds of mankind recorded and preserved, no one can point out a single instance
that Peace, Love and Amity have been ruinous and harmful in their results. They
have filled the world with joy and radiance and happiness. . . .
"More astonishing than all these matters is this: These warring nations be-
lieve that the object of the religion of God is war and strife! This is the
most preposterous idea that any man could let enter into his mind! . . . .
How negligent are the people! How thoughtless and inadvertent they are It is as
though there is not a single iota of love in the hearts of men, as though they have
never heard the name of love, as though their hearts are the sepulchres of hatred
and envy! Man is the most ferocious tmima~'l, yet does he accuse the wild beasts
of the jungle of this quality! The ferocious beasts kill other beasts, but not one
belonging to their own species. They kill for their own food and sustenance. For
example, man says the wolf is ferocious!
O, poor wolf! O, wronged wolf! The wolf tears to pieces onesheep in
order to keep its body alive. If it does not kill the sheep, it will die of hunger,
because being a carnivorous animal, it cannot eat grass. But man, who con-
siders himself lord of creation, will become the cause of the total annihilation of
a million of his fellow--beings. The poor wolf is a very incompetent tyro in com-
parison with this kind of man! Then he will boast am a conqueror, I am a hero,
I am a victor, I am a superior General, I am a Field--Marshal, I am an Admiral!'
Man! It is better for thee to hide thy head under the earth! Thou hast crim-

