244 STAR OF THE WEST
have been the harbingers of Peace and monitors against war and discord. This
is the Divine foundation; this is the Celestial outpouring; this is the basis of all
religions of God.
In short, before all the meetings in the Vi/'est I cried out: ye thinkers
of the world! ye philosophers of the Occident! ye scholars and sages of
the earth! A threatening black cloud o'ershadows, which ere long shall envelop
the horizon of humanity; an impetuous tempest is ahead, which shall shatter to
splinters the ships of the lives of mankind, and a turbulent, furious torrent shall
soon drown the countries and nations of Europe. Awaken ye! Awaken ye!
Become ye mindful! Become ye mindful! Thus in the spirit of co-operation
we may all arise with the utmost magnanimity and through the Favor and
Providence of God hold aloft the flag of the Oneness of Humanity, promote the
essentials of Universal Peace and deliver the inhabitants of the world from this
Most Great Danger!"
'Nhile travelling in Europe and America I met altruistic and sanctified souls
who were my confidants and associates concerning the question of Universal
Peace and who agreed with me and joined their voices with mine regarding the
principle of the Oneness of the W'orld of Humanity; but alas, they were very
few! The leaders of public o-pinion and the great statesmen believed that the
massing of huge armies and the annual increase of military forces insured peace
and friendship among nations. At that time I explained that this theory was
based on a false conception; for it is an inevitable certainty that these serried
ranks and disciplined armies will be rushed one day into the heat of the battle-
field and these inflammable materials will unquestionably be exploded and the ex-
plosion will be thro-ugh one tiny spark; then a world conflagration will be Wit~
nessed, the lurid flames of which shall redden all the horizons. Because the
sphere of their thoughts was contracted and their intellectual eyes blind they
could not acknowledge the above explanation.
From the beginning of the Balkan Confederation a number of important
personages inquired of me whether this Balkan war was the expected universal
war, but it was answered, "It will terminate in universal War."
In brief, the point to make clear is this: His Holiness nearly
fifty years ago warned the nations against the occurrence of this "Most Great
Danger." Although the evils of war were evident and manifest to the sages and
scholars, they are now made clear and plain to all the people. No sane person
can at this time deny the fact that War is the most dreadful calamity in the world
of humanity, that war destroys the divine foundation, that war is the cause of
eternal death, that war is conducive to the destruction of populous, progressive
cities, that war is the world--consuming fire, and that war is the most ruinous
catastrophe and the most deplorable adversity.
The cries and lamentations are raised from every part to- the Supreme Apex;
the moanings and shriekings have thrown a mighty reverberation through the
columns of the world; the civilized countries are being overthrown; eyes are
shedding tears, hearing the weeping of the fatherless children; the hearts are
burning and being consumed by uncontrollable sobbings and piercing wailings of
helpless, wandering Women; the spirits of hopeless mothers are torn by rayless

