STAR OF THE WEST 201
LETTER FROM MR.
En Route, Alexandria to Naples,
Dear Brother Windust: Oct 25' 1914'
After a heavenly stay of two weeks on the
Mountain of God, Mount Carmel, Abdul-Baha
has sent us back to America to make a tour
of the States immediately. He also revealed
a Tablet for the American Bahais which I shall
GEORGE LATIMER
on fire with the Covenant and there was
scarcely a meeting~and we had one nearly
every day, often several, for five weeks--at
which we did not see new faces. Now' is the
time for the American friends to show such a
zeal, for the condition' of the world is demand-
ing and crying out for the Bahai Message.
We shall tour the eastern states first and will
TABLET FOR THE

To the believers of God and the maid-servants of the Merciful in
America. Upon them be Baha'o'tlah-el-Alatra!
HE. IS 
ye believers of Goal and the maial~servants of the erciful!
From the Graces of His Holiness Baha'o'llah beg for you
AMERICAN BAHAIS
firmness and steadfastness. Today whosoever is a herald of the Covenant
is confirmed and assisted. ln these clays a number oi souls, Whose deeds
are l<nown in America as clear as the sun, have arisen in enmity against the
Center of the Covenant. Their's is the vain imagination that they can
extinguish the Light of the Candle of the Covenant. Vain indeed is their
their thought. The Candle of the Covenant is like unto the Morning Star
which never sets.
ln short, after a journey through Europe and a visit to the Holy Land,
their honors, Mr. Remey and lVlr. Latimer, are now returning to America.
I send them. am hopeful that from the Bestowals of His Holiness,
sion of the Fragrances of God.
(Signed)
Bahai Nest, Mt. Carmel. Oct. 19, 1914.
Ba/1a'o'lla/1, they may become confirmed and assisted in the diffu-
Upon ye be Baha-el-A btza!
The original is in the handwriting of Abdul-Baha. Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, 1
ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS. 
copy below. The original is with us and in
his own hand. This has been an interesting
trip and we shall be glad to get back to a
peaceful country.
It may sound paradoxical to the outside
world, but our largest and best meetings, espe-
cially on the peace of God with the world,
were held in Germany after the commencement
of this present war. The friends there are all
probably reach Chicago after the first of the
year. We arrive in Boston, direct from Naples,
about Nov. 15th. You can circulate the above
Tablet as you think best. Brother Mason joins
in heartiest Bahai greetings to you and the
and all the friends in Chicago. In
humble service to the Covenant.
Groaoa LATIMER.
MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR BUILDING FUND
Received previously, $5,560.62;
received during October, $55 7.99.
Total receipts to date, $6,l l8.6l .

