STAR OF T1-IE WEST 85
me wherever I go. has written
a letter, a Messagewings; through His power He has made me
to soar and I have brought that Message here.
"That letter contains the glad tidings of
God; that letter is the call of the Kingdom;
that letter is the heavenly signs; that letter
brings you the glad-tidings that He, 
LLAH has accep-ted you, elected you from among
all His creatures and prepared you for the sake
of His Love for the whole human world; so
that all may be enlightened with the Light of
the Kingdom, sing the verses of Oneness, be-
come the cause of the illumination of the
realm of humanity, the source of everlasting
happiness, the spreader of the cause of inter-
national peace that all may find the One-
ness of the world of humanity, promulgate
oneness of thought, lay the foundations of
unity of religions, establish universal educa-
tion, announce the idea of racial oneness, pro-
claim one race from every standpoint, and
illuminate the world of man with the Lights
of God. This is the Message. This is the
letter which has p-ut upon my
wings, and I give you that Message today. It
is assured that if you accept the Message of the
Blessed Perfection and live an-d act accordingly,
you may bestow Everlasting Life upon the
world of humanity.
have brought these flowers from the
Orient so that you may perfume the Occident.
This is a melody that I have brought from the
East so that you may listen to it in the West.
It is certain that you will listen to it. This
harmony will stir the stones and even the
pla.nts; it will give hearing to- the deaf, quicken
heedless hearts and awaken the dead bodies;
for this is the Melody of 
Turning to one of the gentlemen, Abdul-
Baha said: "How are you? You must speak
now."
The gentleman replied that he had heard
Abdul-Baha speak in Washington and had
come to hear him again in Philadelphia; that
he was glad indeed to see the East and the
West so afiiliated.
Abdul-Baha said: "We have become your
relatives. The East and the West have em-
braced each other. God willing they will b-e-
come one; the East will become the West and
the West will become the East; both of them
will 'become on-e.
"We desire to wipe this Atlantic away and
connect these two continents, so that the sea
may not have any effect; it may not become
the cause of separation, it may seem as though
there was no Atlantic between the two hemis-
pheres; that these two hemispheres be con-
nected with each other; nay rather, they will be
as one country. The East must become identical
with the West and the West with the East.
Do you think it is possible and it is good?
It will b-e the age of the diamond; the dia-
mond!"
Then the gentleman said, "God willing the
wireless telegraph and the fast steamers will
make this p-ossible."
Abdul-Baha replied: "Don't say, 'C-od will-
ing,' say hope.' When that wireless telegra-
phy of the consciousness is established and
communication is realized, it will be like the
communion between the mind and the heart.
Think what wonderful unity is 'between these
two human organisms. It is uninterrupted.
The communication between the heart and the
mind is continual, uninterrupted, and noiseless.
But what a great knowledge it has; although
it is voiceless its voice fills the whol-e world.
Wireless telegraphy is good, is perfect, for
wireless telegraphy consists of the vibrations
of the air, which is the medium of the message
from one place to another, but the other wire-
less telegraphy is realized through the vibra-
tions of the Love of God.
"You have great capability. This is truth
that I speak to you. Your sympathies are
great, you have rapidity of thought. Therefore
it is my hope that you may practice the" Teach-
ings of and live and act accord-
ingto those principles. Teachings are revealed
for the sake of practice and not for the sake
of hearing or listening only. When man listens
to certain teachings he must live them. To
listen to the teachings is very easy, but it is
difficult to bring them into our daily lives.
"It is easy to expound one thousand letters
of teachings. It is still easier to listen to
them, but it is difiicult to put into practice one
of them. Teachings are like an image reflected
into a mirror. If these images find outward
expression, wonderful results Will be the out-
come, but if they are only images in the mirror
they remain valueless.
"His Holiness Jesus Christ brought blessed
Teachings. He was the cause of the illumina-
tion of the world of man. He was the cause
of Everlasting Life. He was the cause of the
agreement of the sects of the world of human-
ity. He was the cause of the attainment of
the good pleasure of the Manifest One, but His

