STAR OF THE WEST 277
ing and heedless? The promised Messiah,
whose coming was foretold by all the prophets,
has appeared." Then imagine the Jew answer-
ing: "How splendid! How splendid! What
beautiful glad-tidings and joyous newsl_ We
Jews have made all our wishes dependent
upon the comi-ng of the Messiah and daily
supplicate by prayer for His advent! Now
let us see this promised Messiah whom you
declare to have appeared." The Christian
missionary answers: "The promised Messiah
was that wronged youth, Jesus of Nazareth,
who sacrificed His life for the liberation and
salvation of the world." The Jew would re-
ply: esteemed teacher! clear signs are
recorded in the Holy Books regarding the ap-
pearance of the Messiah, none of which came
to pass. We Jews have not found our re-
ligion so easily that we can relinquish it care-
lessly. You consider yourself a teacher of
the Holy Books. Se-e then in the Heavenly
Books the words that at the time of the com-
ing of the promised Messiah the sun will be
darkened, the moon will turn into blood, the
new heaven and the new earth will become
manifest, the stars w-ill fall, the dead will
arise. Where and when did these prophecies
become fulfilled during the day of the Nazar-
ene and who saw them? Furthermore, let me
show you numerous passages wherein it has
been clearly revealed that when the promised
Messiah appears He will gather together all
the Jews scattered throughout the world and
He will save them from the great humiliation,
execration and tyranny which they suffer.
Then He will establish them in the Holy Land
and confer upon them dominion and eternal
glory. Now tell me when did Jesus of Nazar-
eth accomplish such a thing? Nay, through
his Manifestation the contrary came to pass,
for we were established in the Holy Land but
we have become scattered through his coming.
We were esteemed; We have become humili-
ated. We were assembled; we became dis-
persed; we were blessed; we became afflicted
with curses. All this was contrary to the
promises given to the Israelitish people. So to
accept Jesus would be to deny those glorious
prophets."
In brief, at this point in the conversation the
Christian missionary would fail to answer the
Jew. For he, himself, does not understand the
real meaning of these glad-tidings. How then
could he explain them to the Jews and cause
them to be convinced and assured? There-
fore during this long period the missionaries
of the Christian religion have attempted to dis-
comfit and confound the Jew-s, yet without
traversing the pathway of true knowledge and
real proof. Instead of bringing them near the
Gospels, they caused them to be annoyed and
further removed.
It is therefore recorded in church history
that during this long period, that is, since the
conversion of the great Constantine down to
our time, both in the days of Charlemagne
and during the crusades, they repeatedly at-
tempted to force the Jews to accept Chris-
tianity, but in the end they failed. Now, had
they known the meanings of these glad-tidings
there would be no need of using force and
compulsion.
Similar to this is the attitude of the Mos-
lem toward the Christian. When the Moslem
desires to prove the truth of the mission of
the "Seal of the Prophets" to a Christian, he
refers the Christian to the signs recorded in
t_he twenty-fourth chapter of St. Matthew.
Then that Moslem not understanding the
meanings thereof is forced to say that this
Gospel in the hands of the Christians is not
the .original Gospel which descended with
Jesus--upon whom be peace! As you readily
see, the Moslems will clearly prove in word
and writing that this Gospel has been inter-
polated by the Christian scholars and that it
has been attributed to His Holiness Christ. In
this case the Christian, to whom the reality
of the Gospel is evident and manifest, and the
love of this Holy Book firmly established in
his heart, will be amazed at the incorrect an-
swer of the Moslem. Instead of fellowship
and friendship with the Moslem, the Christian
becomes an enemy of the Islamic religion and
an opponent of the Mohammedan people.
In short, one of the great obstacles to the
unity of the nations is this difliculty which
has been explained by the foregoing illustra-
tion. All these abstruse problems are involved
and explained in the statement that because
the Christian missionaries do not understand
the real meanings of the books of religions
which have appeared prior to the manifestation
of His Holiness whom he peace!
--therefore they cannot guide others to their
own religion. This has become evident and
manifest.
As to the religions which have appeared
after His Holiness Christ, inasmuch as retro-
gression and reversal are opposed to natural
motion and contrary to the progress and ad-
vancement which are evident and manifest in
world movements, therefore the Christian can-
not turn development backward and cause

