STAR OF THE WEST 281
offend men. For, as is evident in moral sci-
ence, cursing, reviling and speaking in harsh
words and offensive phrases is one of the
greatest causes of alienating hearts, filling
minds with rancor, creating hatred and ani-
mosity among the peoples and igniting the fire
of calamitous warfare among men. Thus it
is said by wise men: "Verily, war begins in
words;" and the poet Firdousi has said: 
mere word is the cause of warfare." Another
verse illustrating this point at issue is, "The
wound inflicted by the tongue is deeper than
that inflicted by the sword." Were one to
ponder over the differences and schisms al-
ready spoken of, which arose among the Chris-
tian peoples, creating different sects and
schools, such as the Aryans, Nestorians, Gnos-
tics, et a1., kindling the fire of terrible battle-
fields and violent calamities, he would clearly
find from the testimony of authentic-history
that the principal and initial cause of such di-
visions and disasters was the difference of
opinion between two religious doctors, which
would result in discussion and controversy.
In order to overcome his opponent and demon-
strate the correctness of his own view, or be-
cause of believing his own opinion correct,
each would so persist in his attitude that it
would finally lead to harshness towards the
other. This harshness would gradually lead
to insinuating remarks and annoying state-
ments which in time would culminate in revil-
ing, execrating, fighting and even bloodshed.
Now the harmful outcome of these religious
fights and their evil efi'ect upon human society
needs no mentioning here. For the calamities
caused by these differences during the past
ages are recorded in the historical books of
every nation, and the hardships which have
continued down to our time as the painful re-
sult of those dissensions are evident to men of
understanding.
Perhaps some one may advance an objection
sa-ying that ordinances prohibiting anathema
and execration are found in the other Heavenly
Books, as, for instance, the commands of His
Holiness Christ, well-known as the Sermon on
the Mount, wherein He most lucidly states,
"Whosoever calleth another a fool is in dan-
ger of hell-fire." In the Koran it is stated:
"Curse not those who claim (spiritual 1nis-
sion) without the permission of God, thus
without knowledge cursing God as an enemy."
The answer to this objection is evident to the
people of insight, for such ordinances and
prohibitions are considered as educational
commands in the estimation of the learned and
not as laws and enactments of religion. Con-
sider this command of the Sermon on the
Mount, wherein He states: "W'hosoever is
angry with his brother falsely is subject to the
law." Again He says: "Store not for your-
selves treasures;" and again: "Be not con-
cerned with the morrow." Also: "Whosoever
smiteth thee on the right cheek turn to him
the other also and "Whosoever desireth thy
garment give him also thy cloak." Then later
on He says: "Whosoever asks of thee, give
unto him, and whosoever would borrow of
thee, prevent him not."
It is fully the learned men and
doctors of the Christian and Mohammedan
religions have not considered these ordinances
as imperative. Men of intelligence versed _in
law and jurisprudence have not deemed those
who disobeyed these laws deserving of pun-
ishment and trial. Nay, as already mentioned,
they have unanimously accounted them educa-
tional laws. Moreover some of those laws are
such that the doctors have not considered
those slighting them as transgressors or evil-
doers before God. For instance, "If anyone
smites you upon the one cheek, turn to him the
other," "He who begs of you, give to him,"
"He who seeks to borrow from you, do not
refuse him." The above statement will clearly
show why such commands and ordinances were
not considered by the leaders of the Christian
peoples as imperative and obligatory and why
they could not remove cursing and execration
from among the community.
But in the Bahai religion the commands pro-
hibiting cursing, reviling, swearing and blas-
phemy have been revealed as imperative and
obligatory laws. The responsibility attaching
to the violators has been revealed in various
Tablets. Emphatic commands have been is-
sued in regard to the purity of pen and tongue,
prohibiting the writing or speaking of that
which will offend men. For example, although
in various Tablets such as the Ishrakhat and
others, the law prohibiting cursing and execra-
tion has been explicitly laid down, neverthe-
less during His latter days, in
the blessed Book of the Covenant fortified and
emphasized the above law by addressing the
following command to the people of the
world:
ye people of the world! I exhort ye
towards that which is the cause of the eleva-
tion of your station! Hold fast to the fear
of God and adhere to the hem of kindliness!
Verily I say unto you, the. tongue is for the
mention of good; defile it not with unseemly

