STAR OF THE WEST 231
No resistance at all 'was manifested. The
Bahais in that city were most courageous and
strong. In point of strengthand fortitude one
single Bahai could have withstood many of the
others, but they proved non-resistant. They
were martyred in the utmost state of resigna-
tion. Many of the friends thus wronged were
crying, Lord! forgive them; pardon them,
they know not what they do. If they knew, they
would not commit such a thing." Thus were
they exposed to but they willingly
offered all they possessed in this life.
It is stated in certain prophecies in the east
that when the Standard of God appears in the
East, its tokens will become evident in the
West. This is truly good is great
glad tidings for you. I hope that you may be
able to fulfil this prophecy. Thus may all testify
to the veracity of this p-rophecy, saying, "Verily,
the Standard of God did appear in the East,
but its tokens became resplendent in the West."
Verily this will become a source of great joy
for those in the East. All the friends in the
East are anticipating the good news and glad
tidings which may come from the West. They
look forward to hearing that the friends of the
West are in the utmost state of firmness and
steadfastness; that the friends of the West are
distinguished in founding the oneness of the
world of humanity; the friends of the West
are even offering their lives for the establish-
ment of International Peace; the friends of
the West are the Lights of the Kingdom; the
friends of the West have all proved to be the
manifestation of Go'd's mercy; the friends of
the West have proved to be the expression of
the favors of the Blessed Perfection; the
friends of the West are all the very stars of
God's bestowal; the friends of the West are all
blessed trees, and that the friends of the West
are all flowers of the garden of sanctity and
purity. In short, any good news which may
leave here for the East is the cause of their
rejoicing and holding a feast; is a source of
great gratitude on their part, and they praise
God therefor. If it were possible for them, they
would give their lives for you. They would
not hesitate in sacrificing. The friends in the
East are all united and agreed.
There are no waverers in the East; there
are none who oppose the Covenant of God.
There is not a single soul in Persia who is op-
posed to the Covenant. They are all steadfast.
Not a single person in Persia can speak against
the Covenant of outwardly nor in-
wardly. There are three persons in all the
country who were the enemies of 
and they have made this as a pretext, because
a division would be disastrous to the Cause
of God. It is confined to three persons-the
rest of thernare all steadfast and firm. Surely
Dr. Moody has kept you informed. You may
ask about the conditions and ask if there is one
nakazeen. There is not a single are
perfectly firm, solidly steadfast and obedient to
the blessed command. If any soul wishes to
say a word, they will ask him: "ls this a word
of your own or from the Center of the Cove-
nant? If you have a certificate from the Cen-
ter of the Covenant, show it. Where is the
letter from him? Where is his signature?"
If he can produce it, they will accept it. If he
has not that in his hand, they say: "We cannot
accept this because this is from you and re-
turns to you. From the Blessed Perfection we
have no command to obey you, and the
Blessed Perfection has revealed a Book of the
Covenant in which He has covenanted with us
to obey a certain Center of the Covenant. He
has not covenanted with us to obey you. There-
fore this statement of yours is rejected. You
will have to advance a proof. We are com-
manded to turn to One Center. We do not
obey various centers. The Blessed Perfection
has taken a Covenant with us an-d we are hold-
ing to this Covenant and Testament. We do
not listen to such nonsense." Perhaps people
will arise who may speak words of their own
and We are not commanded to obey them. This
is not like the past dispensation, for His Holi-
ness Christ did not appoint a Center; He did
not say, "Obey that Center." Jesus said to His
disciples: "But Whom say ye that I am?" And
Simon Peter answered and said, "Thou art the
Christ, the Son of the Living God, the Word
of God." And His Holiness wished to make
firm the faith of Peter, and He said, "Thou
art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my
church"--which means that this faith of thine
is the correct faith. It was a sanction of the
faith of Peter. He did not say that all should
turn to him. He did not say, "He is the ap-
pointed Center of My Covenant." He did not
say, "He is the Branch extended from My
Ancient Root." He did not say, God!
render as dear all who serve Peter. God!
degrade anyone who is not obedient to him.
God! Verily shun him who is a violator of
the Covenant. God! Thou knowest that
I love everyone who is steadfast in the Cove-
(Continued on Page 234)

