STAR OFTHE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, U. S. A.
Entered 2.5 second-class matter Ap|i19, 1911, at the post oflice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3,1879.
i-2.1.-on-.11 Sta_fl': ALBERT R. BUTIEEMA--DR. zm M. BAGDADII
Honorary Member; MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Terms: $1.50 per year; 15 cents per copy
Nou--Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS P, O. Box 283, Chicago, 111,, U, S. A,
To personal check: please add suflicient to cover the bank exchange.
i 7 7
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! ma IS cop! 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou cont1nue to firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although _f0r the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these_depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) Anoun-Bum ABBAS.
Vol.  if if Sultan 1, 70 (lanuary 19, 1915) No. 17
TABLET FROM 
To Doctor F. W. D'E.velyn, the beloved of God, lVl,rs. Helen S. Goodall,
the maid-servant of God', Mrs. Ella G. Cooper, Mr. W. C. and Mrs.
Georgia Ralston, San Francisco, California.
Upon them be 
HE. IS 
ye who are firm in the Covenant!
Your letter was received. Praise be to God, that with the utmost firm-
ness you have arisen in the service of the Kingdom, so that you may organize
a Congress for universal peace during the Panama-Pacific International Ex-
position. Sum-mon the people to the Kingdom of God and pro-mote the teach-
ings of His Holiness Rest ye assured that the Divine Con-
firmations will be conducive to joy and fragrance and most great results will
be the outcome of this service.
Rest ye confident in the assistance of God.
Upon ye be 
(Signed) ABBAS.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, April Zl l9l4,
Bahai Nest, Nlount Carmel, Haifa, Syria.
'mm
OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue con-
tains: Abdul-Baha's visit to a Christmas
performance; (2) Abdul-Baha's talk at the
home of Lady Blomfield, London; (3) Abdul-
Baha's visit' to the Salvation Army barracks
and his gifts to the poor; (4) talk by Abdul-
Baha given at the Sea of Galilee (Lake of
Tib-erias); (5) talk given b-y him at Haifa,
after his return from Tiberias; (6) Tablet to
a Bahai at Bakou; (7) "The War of the
World," by Mirza Abdul-Cassim G. Shirazi;
(8) the earthquake in Italy; (9) gains and
losses of the nations at war during the past
six months; (9) translation from Arabic of
article by Towfik Effendi Muffa1'edj; (10)
news from Haifa by Mohammed Effendi, son
of Hussein Agha.

