STAR OF THE WEST 7
ye every day from a horizon. Like unto the
nightingales, sing every day from a different
rose-bush. Like unto the waft every
morning from a garden. Do not stay a long
time anywhere.
"Let the world profit by your teachings and
learn from your examples! My health consists
in the progress of the Cause, and the gfirogress
of the Cause depends upon the energy and
wisdom Of the z'eae/zers/"
"Speak with Moderation"
Abdul--Baha's instructions to Mr. Charles Mason Remey on the eve of the latter's
departure for Europe.
whichever country thou goest,
speak thou with moderation. Call the
people to the oneness of the world of hu-
manity; the dawn of the Sun of Reality
from the horizon of Persia; the of
Abdul-Baha, and then explain the Ce1zz'ershz'j>
of The 110 more. . . . Speak
in accordance with that which I used to speak
in the meetings, i. speak with moderation."
(Signed) A.BDUL--BAHA 
IN THIS MANNER SHALL BEAR 
Extract from a Tablet to the Persian Bahais, revealed by Abdul-Baha.
CONSIDER how Abdul-Baha forgo-t all thoughts and mentions and turned his face
to-wards the co-untr-ies and empires, cities and villages, mountains and deserts of
the Wesit. Day and night he was engaged 1'11 leaching the Cause and comzeying 2'/ze
Message. The p-riuciple upon which his trip [throughout Europe and America] was
directed was this verse:
God! Make all my ideals and thoughts One Ideal and One Thought, and
suifer me to attain to an eternal, unchangeable condition in Thy Service!"
sought no rest, neither did he breathe one breath of comfort. Notwithstanding
the weakness of constitution, the infirmity of the body and the nervous fever, every
night I was in a city, and each day among a community. Although at times I could not
speak one word before large audiences, I delivered addresses. I'V01'/sing in 2'/zis
m-amzer shall bear frail'.
IN THE UTMOST OF LOVE AND AFFECTION
WITH ALL 
Abdul-Baha's Exhortation to the Bahais just before his departure from America, delivered at
780 West End Avenue, New York city, December 2, 1912.
Ish'te'a'I Ebn-Kalanter, interpreter; stenographic notes by Miss Edna McKinney.
I-IESE days are the days of my farewell
to you, because on the fifth day of the
month I am sailing, so these constitute the
latter days of my stay amongst you. Wherever
I went in this co-uintry I returned always to
New Yo-rk city. I have, therefore, been in New
York four or five times, and now I am going
away from here to the Orient. It is difficult
for me to return here again, except if it be the
will of God. I must therefore give unto you
my instructio-ns and exhortations today, and
those exhortations are no other than the teach-
ings of 
The first amongst those exhortations is that
ye must al-l be in the utmost of love and affec-
tion With ali mankind. You must 11ot exalt
yourselves above others, you must consider all
as equal unto yourselves, recognize them all
as the servants of one God,-and you must know
that God is compassionate towards all, you
must love all from the utmost depth of your
hearts, you must prefer all religionists, you
must love all the races, and you must be kind
towards the people of all nationalities. You
shall by no manner of means prefer yourselves
before others. You must by no means speak
humiliatiugly of any other nationality, you must
praise all. No soul amongst you must pollute
his tongue by speaking evil of any other. Each
amongst you must praise the other. You must
even praise each nation. You must praise all
the individuals amongst mankind. You must
[Continued on page 10]

