154 STAR OF THE WEST
WAR AND PEACE
ADDRESS BY ABDUL-BAHA AT HAIFA, SYRIA
F-rom The Christian Commonwealth.
HE room at Haifa in which Abdul-Baha
spoke was crowded with pilgrims, stu-
dents, and friends. At times he was very
animated and even passionate.
He mentioned that a few days" previously he
discussed with the German Consul the ominous
signs of the European War, which had not
world of existence there is no power as effica-
cious and as penetrative as the power of love.
Military power coerces and compels men into
obedience through unnatural resort to force
and violation, but mankind yield happily and
willingly to the power of love." If nations
would use their resources in spreading love
TABLE TALK BY ABDUL-BAHA
At Thonon, Lake Geneva, Switzerland, before many people of different nationalities.
ye who are present!
How long this drowsiness and sleep! How long this ignorance and
blindness! How lo-ng this heecllessness and misery! How long this oppression
and injustice! How long this hatred and discord! How long this rage of
ignorant ones! How long this grasping with frail imaginations! How long
this strife and argument! How long this turmoil and these battles! How
long these racial prejudices! How long these patriarchal prejudices! How
long these political prejudices!
Does it not behoove the believers to have their hearts submissive through
the mentioning of Cod? Has God sealed the hearts and has the become
veiled with the clouds of injustice, that the souls are not aware of God's
bounty overflowing unto all?
He has createcl all with His Power, supplied all with His Mercy, and
trained all with His Divinity. You will not find in the creation of the Merciful
any differences. Then let us follow the glorious LORD in our good policy;
dealing with justice, favor and generosity. Let us leave oppression and
wickedness. Let us be as one family, with justice and kindness. Let us
blend as water and wine. Let us unite as the unity of the souls. We can
not establish a policy greater than the policy of God. We cannot find any-
thing which is suitable to the world of humanity greater than the Bounties
of God. Then be ye guided with the examples of the LORD. Do not change
the gift of is perfect unity--in this Path!
lt is incumbent upon ye, servants of God, to abandon this discord;
establish harmony, love, equity, justice and mercy.
ye who are present: The old centuries have passed and the carpet
of hatred and struggle have rolled up, because this age has shone with the
Luminous Lights, glorious bounties, admirable verses, apparent signs, lights
which are dispersing the darl5ness--alleviating pain--c0ncluctive to unity and
uprooting inharmony. Thus the eyes have seen, the ears have heard, and the
hearts have comprehended.
then broken out. The Consul contended that a
nation must go on increasing its military and
naval expenditure if it desires to protect its
growing commercial and national interests
from the attacks of its equally powerful and
expanding neighbors and rivals; that the
greater the military equipment the more was
the nation assured of making progress and de-
veloping its resources. Other Germans and
members of other nationalities who were
present all agreed with the Consul. Abdul-
Baha urged that if the power of love and
peace became predominant its effects would be
greater than those of hate and war. "In the
amongst mankind, in strengthening the ties of
interdependence between nations and govern-
ments, and in establishing fellowship and afiin-
ity between the races, how different would be
the result!
The German Consul and others raised ob-
jections to Abdul-Baha's ideas, -but he insisted
that neither the conqueror nor the conquered
would benefit by the present conflict. He re-
minded them that thetnations who were now
seeking to destroy each other belong to one
race and profess the same religion, and earn-
estly pleaded for the cessation of strife
amongst the children of one Father.

