STAR OF THE WEST
1ny dearly--beloved! Breakwell! Thou hast been a divine bird, and forsaking thy
nest, thou hast soared toward the Holy Rose--gardens of the Divine kingdom and
obtained a Luminous Station, there! therel!
my dearly-beloved! Verily thou art like unto the birds chanting the
verses of thy Lord, the Forgiving, for thou wert a thankful servant; therefore thou hast
entered in the Realm Beyond) with joy and happiness!
my beloved! Breakwell! Verily thy Lord has chosen thee for His Love, guided
thee to the Court of His Holiness; caused thee to enter into the Rizwan of His Association.
and granted thee to behold His Beauty!
my beloved! Breakvvell! Verily thou hast attained to the Eternal Life, never>>
ending bounty, beatific bliss and immeasurable Providence!
my beloved! Breakwell! Thou hast become a star in the Most Exalted Horizon,
a lamp among the angels of heaven, a living spirit in the Supreme World, and art established
upon the throne of immortality!
my adored one! my Breakwell! I supplicate God to increase thy nearness and
communication, to make thee enjoy thy prosperity and union (with Him), to add to thy
light and beauty and to bestow upon thee Glory and Majesty.
my adored one! my Breakwell! I mention thy name continually, I never forget
thee, I pray for thee day and night, and I see thee clearly and my adored one!


Convey my greeting to the attracted maid-servant of God, Mrs. Jackson and announce
to her the bounty of God and tell her: "Do not haste, neither be thou restless. Soon.
verily. all the problems shall be solved (literally: every knot shall be untied,) and God shall
unfold a spacious door, and the purpose shall be attained."
Concerning thy question whether all the souls enjoy Eternal Life: Know thou, those
souls partake of the Eternal Life in whom the Spirit of Life is breathed from the Presence
of God; and all beside them are dead, without life--as Christ has explained (this matter)
in the texts of the Gospel. Any person whose insight is opened by God, sees the
souls in their stations after the disintegration of the bodies--Verily, they are living
and are subsisting before their Lord !~and sees also the dead souls submerged in
the gulfs of mortality. Then know thou, verily, all the souls are created according
to the nature of God, and all are in the state of (unconscious) purity at the time of
their birth. But afterward they differ from one another in so far as they acquire excelleneies
or defects. Nevertheless, the creatures have different degrees in existence in so far as
the creation goes; for cap-acities are many, but all of them are good and pure (in their
essence) then afterward they are polluted and defiled. Although there are different states
of creation, yet all of them are beneficial. Glance thou over the temple of man. its members
and its parts: Amongtheni is the eye, the ear, smelling and taste, hands and fingers. Not-
withstanding the differences between these organs, all of them are useful in their proper
sphere. But if one of them is out of order, there is need of a remedy, and if the medicine
does not heal, then the amputation of that member becomes necessary.
Verily, I beseech God to make thee confirmed under all circumstances. Do not become
despondent, neither be thou sad. Ere long, thy Lord shall make thee a sign of guidance
among mankind. 
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
{Sig1zed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAs.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, May 3, 1906, VVashington, D. C.
LETTER FROM MRS. MAY MAXWELL TO MR. CHARLES MASON REMEY
297
Montreal, Canada, Dec. 3, 1913.
Dear Bahai brother:
. . . Regarding Thomas Breakwell, you
will remember the year and the month that
he came to me in Paris, when I was staying
with Mrs. Jackson. I do not remember the
date but I remember all the facts.
Early in the spring my mother had written
to Abdul-Baha asking permission for me to
leave Paris when she an-d my brother would
be leaving to spend the summer in Brittany.
A Tablet had come in reply in which this per-
mission was refused and Abdul-Baha said as
far as it was possible, not to absent myself

