138 STAR OF
tition of such conditions which existed in the
past has been nipped in the bud through the
unique provision at the dawn of this Millenitial
Day in the establishing of "The Center of The
the appointing of the In-
terpreter of the VI/ord of God as revealed in
and this Interpreter is none
THE WEST
other than Abdul-Baha. He then is the unique
Instrument which shall produce the ost
Great Peace."
To sum up: "Firmness in The Covenant"
will abolish war and establish the "Most Great
Peace."
TI-IE EDITORS.
HAVE TURNED OUR FACES TO THE CENTER OF
THE 
To his honor Mr. ]oseph H. I-Iannen, \/Vashington, D. C.
Upon him be 
HE IS con!
thou propagator of the Religion of God!
A few days ago an epistle was written thee. Although I have not much time, yet
I immediately give an answer to thy letter (written to Mirza Ahmad Sohrab) so that
thou mayst know how my heart is attached to thee. Truly I say in the Cause of God
thou art sincere. Thou hast no other object save the good-pleasure of the LORD, and
hast consecrated all thy time to the service of the Kingdom of God. On this account
I have the utmost love for thee.
Praise be to God, that the problem of meetings is solved, and there is no more
any cause for dispute. Now the believers must engage their time in teaching the Cause
of God, and in the meeting no discussion should be carried on save the Cause of God.
The members of the Bahai Assemblies must _be infinitely kind towards each other and
all their deliberations must be concerning the Kingdom of ABHA. Promiscuous discus-
sion must be discountenanced, for these things will become the means of the luke-
warmness and apathy of those who are p-resent. The Candles of all the meetings must
be the Mention of God, the propagation of the Cause of God, the exposition of Divine
Proofs and the elucidation of the Principles of His Holiness When this
condition is obtained, the meeting will become heavenly, celestial, godlike, illumined
and the means of the guidance of the erring ones. It will yield most great results.
thou servant of His Holiness Inform all the believers that per-
haps a number of calurninous articles will be sent to those parts by the people of
ctolu-bts. The aim of such articles is to ca-use the wavering of the friends in The 011-
enant and The Testament. Therefore, they should not take notice of these articles,
nay, rather, return them to the senders, accompanied with concise, full and sweeping
answers--that we are firm in The Covenant and the servants of the Blessed Perfection.
do not give ear to such hearsays and incoherent statements. We have turned
our faces to the Center of the Covenant in accord with the incontrovertible Commands
of the Text of the Book of Akdas and the Text -of the Tablet of the
Covenant. We have nothing to do with the people of doubts.
Upon thee be 
(Signed) 
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
August 6, 1914; Home of Abdul--Baha,
Mount Carmel, Haifa, Syria.
CHANGE OF ADDRESSES.
All correspondence with the Bahai Publish--
ing Society, formerly sent to 5205 Harper Ave.,
should now be ad-dressed to Miss Mary Lesch,
4319 Lake Park Ave, Chicago, Ill. (Telephone
Kenwood 6227.)
Incident to the opening of the new city post
oflice in Washington, adjoining the Union Sta-
tion, the address of the Bahai Assembly of
Washington, the Persian-American Education-
al Society, the Orient-Occident Unity, and all
persons heretofore addressed to P. O. Box
192, will be Post Oflice Boa: 1319, Washington,
D. C.
O-UR PERSIAN SECTION.
This issue contains: (1) God is Love; (2)
The good ending of one's life; (3) The "Most
Great Peace"; (4) The war of the world.

