196 STAR OF
is not attained, because all of these are subject
to change or transformation. In the family
there is discord and alienation; amongst the
sons of a-fatherland there is often strife or
civil separation. Amongst the people of a given
race there may be sedition or contention. They
are limited, and subject to corruption for it is
possible to alienate a son from his father, and
there may be sedition and discord amongst
brothers. Between mother and daughter this
often happens. Thus we can conclude that un-
limited brotherhood of any of these kinds does
not suffice.
Therefore the Lord of mankind has caused
His Holy Divine Manifestations to come
hither. He has caused His Books to be re-
vealed in order to establish Spiritual Brother-
hoo_d and through the Power of the Holy Spirit
perfect fraternity to be realized amongst man-
kind. And when through the Power of the
Holy Spirit fraternity and arnity are realized
amongst men, this brotherhood and love being
spiritual in character, this kindness being heav-
enly, these bonds divine, a unity appears which
is indissoluble, inseparable, unchangeable and
never subject to transformation. It is ever
the same and will remain the same. For ex-
ample, consider the foundation of brotherhood
laid by His Holiness Christ. Regard how that
fraternity was the cause of unity and accord,
and how it brought various souls to a level
where they are willing to sacrifice their lives
for each other. They were willing to forfeit
possessions, and most joyously willing to forfeit
life. They lived together in the utmost love
and good-fellowship, to such a degree that
even the famous Greek philosopher Galen,
though not a Christian, in his work called "The
Progress of the Nations," says that religious
beliefs are greatly conducive to the foundation
of moral and real civilization. As a proof
thereof he cites the example of a group of
people of whom he says "a certain number of
people contemporaneous with us are known as
Christians. These enjoy the superlative degree
of moral civilization. Each one of these is as
a great philosopher, because they live in the
utmost of love and good-fellowship. They
sacrifice life for one another. They offer pos-
sessions for each other. You can say of the
Christian people that the whole people is as one
person. There is a bond amongst them indis-
soluble in character." Hence it becomes evident
that the cause of real brotherhood, the cause
of cordial co-operation and reciprocity and the
cause of real kindness is no other than the
THE WEST
Breaths of the Holy Spirit. Without that it is
impossible. You can realize some degree of
fraternity through other motives but this is a
limited bro-therhood and _subject to change.
When brotherhood is founded upon the Holy
Spirit, it is eternal, changeless and unlimited.
In brief, in various parts of the Orient--
in Persia--there was a time when fraternity,
brotherhood, loving-kindness and all the praise-
worthy qualities had disappeared as it were
from amongst men. There was no patriotic
brotherhood, there was no racial brotherhood,
there was no religious brotherhood but most
bigoted and prejudiced conditions prevailed.
Each religion was the enemy of the other.
Each religion was blood-thirsty for the other.
The War in the Balkans at the present time
furnishes a parallel. Consider what blood is
shed! What ferocity is shown, what tyranny,
what oppression! And all of iris based upon
religious prejudice, for all belong to the same
nativity, and yet they spill the blood of each
other. They are utterly merciless towards each
other. Again We return to Persia, and find
what deplorable conditions prevailed. Dark-
ness was widespread through the country.
There was not even a faint trace of good-
fellowship or amity amongst the races. Nay,
on the contrary, the worst hatred and enmity
existed; gloomy darkness everywhere. At such
a time as this, His Holiness 
appeared from. the Divine Horizon even as the
sun at mid-day, and in that gross darkness
there appeared a great Light. He founded the
oneness of the world of humanity, declaring
that all mankind are like sheep, and that God
is the real Shepherd. The Shepherd is one,
and all the people are His flock. The world of
humanity is one and God is kind to all. As
God is kind, whence this unkindness? This
real Shepherd loves all His sheep. He leads
them to green pastures. He nurtures all His
sheep. Whence is this enmity and alienation?
Whence is this sedition and strife? The cause
thereof is no other than superstition, because
each religion amongst the religions has forgot-
ten the fundamentals of Divine Religion and
certain blind imitations or theological dogmas
have been created. As these blind imitations
are various, consequently strife, hatred and
warfare prevail amongst men. But if we refer
to the very foundations of the Divine Religion
we shall discover that they are one, absolutely
changeless and never subject to transformation.
For example, each of the Divine Religions is
divisible into two kinds of laws or ordinances.

