STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers;-that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless atrltes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away. and the Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Kudrat 1, 70 (November 4, 1914) No. 13
THE TEACHINGS OF THE EASTERN
HORIZON WAS MADE 
Address by Abdul-Baba at the Church of Our Father (Universalist), Washington, D. C.,
Wednesday evening, November 6, 8:15 p. m.
Dr. Ameen U. Fareed, interpreter: stenographic notes by Joseph H. I-Iannen.
RAISE be to God! The Standard of
Liberty is held aloft in this land. You
enjoy political liberty; you enjoy liberty
of thought; you enjoy religious liberty; you
enjoy racial or_ sectarian liberty; and you enjoy
personal liberty. Surely this is Worth thanks-
giving.
In this connection, let me comment upon the
heartfelt welcome which has been extended to
me in my recent travels throughout America.
As to the warm welcome which the Rever-
end Doctor has extended, I wish to reciprocate
fully and completely. His loving susceptibilities
especially win my gratitude. Surely men who
are leaders of thought must follow such an
example as his. Liberalism is what is needed.
They must be kind to all the nations. They
must not be limited, because God is unlimited.
The Love of God is unlimited, and whoever
is the servant of the Threshold of God must
likewise be free from limitations. The world
of existence is an emanation of the Merciful
attribute of God. God has shone forth upon
phenomena through His Effulgence of Mercy,
and he is clement and kind to all of His
creation. Therefore the world of humanity
must ever be the recipient of the Bounties from
His Majesty the Eternal Lord. Even as His
Holiness Christ has declared, 'Be ye as your
Father who is in Heaven.' For surely His sun
shineth upon the just and upon the unjust.
Consequently man must learn the. lesson of
kindness from God Himself. Just as God is
kind to all humanity, man must also be kind
to his fellow-creatures. If he be kind and
loving towards all his fellowmen. towards all
creation, then indeed is he worthy of being
pronounced the image and likeness of God.
But kindness is of various kinds, and fra-
ternity or brotherhood is different in sorts.
At one time brotherhood is of the family type,
anu kindness is of the kind which prevails in
the household. This is limited and is subject
to change or corruption. How often it _has
happened in a family that amity has been
changed into enmity. The second kind of fra-
ternity is that which is manifest in patriotism.
Man loves his fellowmen because they belong
to the same nativity. This also is limited and
is subject to change or corruption. How often
it has happened that the sons of the same
fatherland have met in war, bloodshed, strife
and sedition. The third kind of fraternity is
that which characterizes racial unity, the one-
ness of the race. Because of that racial one-
ness kindness is evidenced amongst a given
people. This likewise is limited and liable to
change. How often it has happened that
-amongst the same people, the same race, there
have been warfare, battles and bloodshed! Thus
it is made evident and manifest that the fra-
ternity, kindness and love appertaining to the
fraternity, kindness and love ap-
pertaining to the same race and to the same
nativity or fatherland do not suflice, because
both are limited and liable to change or cor-
ruption.
The fourth kind of brotherhood is that of
species or kind--the love of human-kind; for
all recognize the fundamental human bond
which obtains amongst mankind. Although
this is unlimited, it is still subject to change
or corruption. Hence even from this the
looked-for result does not appear. And what
is the looked-for result? Loving-kindness
amongst mankind and a firm, unshakable
brotherhood; a brotherhood of that type which
includes all the significances. Now' it has be-
come evident and manifest that through the
family, or through the instrumentality of the
oneness of kind, or oneness of race, or oneness
of nativity, this looked-for or longed-for object

