143 STAR OF
Mr. Albert H. Hall was unanimously elected
Chairman of the Convention, Mr. Bernard M.
Iacobsen was elected Secretary and Miss Ger-
trude Buikema Assistant Secretary.
On motion, the President was authorized to
appoint and did appoint Mrs. Kate>> Ives, 
Louis G. Gregory and Mrs. Mabel Geary a com-
mittee to audit all accounts of the Temple
Treasury. The Secretary, Mr. Iacob-sen, pre-
sented his annual report. In brief, he reported
arrangements made for caretaking of the
grounds; for a new cement sidewalk on Linden
Avenue; of the full payment o-f all the remain-
ing purchase price on the land, paid up some
time in advance of the time when the payment
was due; and of the acceptance by our creditor
of the money before it was due, and the con-
sequent saving of interest to us; of a proposed
transfer of control of Sheridan Road, as rec-
ommended by the Sheridan Road Improvement
Association, and the anticipated changes to re-
sult therefrom. As the principal work of the
year consisted 0-f efforts to raise the funds
necessary to pay off the debt on the land, and
as this is embraced principally in the Treasur-
er's report, the full report of the Secretary is
omitted.
The Treasurer, Mr. Ashton, presented the
following report: At the beginning of the year
which we are now ending, there was on hand
in the Treasury $908.51. During the year there
has been received in subscriptions $13,503.79.
The bank has allowed us $22.20 interest, accu-
mulated from month to month. Total disburse-
ments $lZ,100.98. Exchange to the bank on
contributions $11.55. At the present time we
have on hand $2,321.97. In some ways this is
a better showing than last Year's showing, al_-
though the total subscriptions have not been
quite as much. I think the subscriptions fell
some $600.00 below last year. We have, how-
ever, more cash on hand at the present time.
We have paid two years' taxes out of this, the
taxes for last year and the year previous. In
this distribution of $12,100.98 we have paid
$9,000.00 on the land, and $1,768.73 for taxes
and assessments, whereas, in the report of a
year ago, we scheduled nothing in the column
of taxes and assessments, excepting the small
sum of $31.37 on the Muskegon lo-t. So this
year, $1,768.73 covers the taxes for two years.
The miscellaneous incidentals amount to
$232.25. We have also paid $500.00 attorney's
fees on matters connected with the land, which
have accumulated for several years. This is
the first payment we have ever made for at-
torney's fees.
THE WEST
The Financial Secretary, Mrs. _True, made
the following report:
would like to suggest that we remember that
this is the fiftieth year since made
the Declaration of I-Iis Manifestation in the
Garden of the Rizwan, and it certainly looks
as though there was some co-nnection between
this Wonderful fifty-year period and the fact
that our land was -all paid for in America, the
foundation ground upon which the Mashrak-
el-Azkar is to rise, when the dawn of the year
1914 appeared upon the horizon. Just before
the year 1914 was ushered in, the night before
Christmas, the last sum of money was received
to complete the payment of the land. So, a
cablegram was sent to Abdul-Bahia, for his
Christmas present, telling him that all indebt-
edness on the land had been raised.
"At the last Convention, some of our busi-
ness men devised a new system of triplicate
receipts. Mr. Wilhelm and one of the friends
in New York prepared and sent a supply of
these receipts, making a present of them to the
Bahai Temple Unity. These receipt books have
been placed in the hands of the local treasurers
of thirty-four Assemblies. The majority of
these are sending in reports to the
Financial Secretary. Some Assemblies have
gone ahead wonderfully. Contributions for the
Mashrak-el-Azkar have also come from one of
the friends in Ireland. Ireland has come into
her own."
The Secretary was directed to send to Mr.
and Mrs. Peter Conrad, from whom we made
the last purchase of land, our acknowledgment
a.nd thanks for courtesies and for their accept-
ance of the money in advance of due-date and
releasing us from interest.
On motion, the Chair appointed Mr. Lunt,
Mr. Kinney and Mrs. True a committee, who
cabled to Abdul-Baha the greetings of the
Convention as follows: "Chicago sends hem-
enly greetings, supplicating and longing for
guidance, praying for perfect servitude to the
Holy Threshold of the Center of the Covenant."
AFTERNOON SESSION.
A call of the Assemblies and delegates
brought out reports from each of the Assem-
blies represented, of the methods and results
of the newly inaugurated system of 
contributions to the Mashrak--el-Azkiir funds;
the conditions of the work, and the advance-
ment of the Cause in the various centers, and
inspiring instances of individual sacrifices and
of the harmony and unity prevailing among the
friends everywhere. Those so responding were

