STAR OF THE WEST 167
"The continent of America is isolated so far
as other countries are concerned; the govern-
ment is not thinking of making conquests, of
enlarging the circle oi colonization. They are
not thinking to contend with other nations so
far as financial, commercial and political su-
premacy is concerned. They are not the rival
of any other nation.
"Their utmost desire is this: That the con-
tinent of America be protected.
"They are engaged in the amelioration of in-
ternal conditions; they are not engaged in war-
fare with any nation. Therefore, they have
the time and ability to raise the standard of
universal peace and spread the doctrine of the
oneness of God. May their influence spread
and permeate to all parts of the world.
"Other peoples of the world have to contend
with international difficulties. First, the na-
tions are rivals with each other so far as com-
mercial advantages are concerned. Second,
they are thinking of the national self-aggran-
dizement. Third, they are thinking of planting
new colonies. Therefore, it is difficult for them
to step into this field, to uphold international
peace, because they are contending, warlike,
victory-loving people. They cannot be instru-
mental in promulgating international peace.
PRAISES AMERICAN DEMOCRACY.
"But, praise be to God, the American Gov-
ernment is no warlike government; the Ameri-
can democracy is not founded upon warlike
doctrines. Hence it becomes this democracy to
uphold international peace and spread it
throughout the World. Through the promulga-
tion of this doctrine will be distributed the
greatest blessings.
"It will eliminate the darkness of prejudice,
the darkness of war, the darkness of rancor and
hatred, the darkness of racial prejudice, the
darkness of political prejudice. May this dark-
ness be blotted out and the light become wide-
spread, universal. May the oneness of human-
ity become primordial, supreme.
"His holiness, fifty years ago
spread broadcast His great Movement, pro-
claimed the benefits of international peace.
This took place at a time when the thought
was not in the minds of men, nor the words
upon the tongues of the people. At the time
He summoned people from all parts of the
Orient. He addressed letters to the sover-
eigns of Europe, setting forth the results to
accrue from the establishment of universal
peace. He invited all to participate in a
world's arbitral court of justice, to be com-
posed of representatives of every government
in the world, the delegates thereto to be chosen
and ratified by the governments. Thereto would
be referred disputes between nations ior set-
tlement. In case any government or nation
should prove rebellious concerning any deci-
sion of the court, the other nations should
coalesce to force it into ob-edience.
"My fervent hope and fond desire concerning
the American people is that through their in-
strumentality the scope of this project will be
enlarged and that earnest concerted action be-
tween the nations of the world will result
therefrom."
"This great Cause, which alone insures the
happiness of the World, must receive support
throughout the world."
Abdul-Baha will remain in the city for two or
three weeks. Many of the churches have in-
vited him to fill their pulpits, and his first pub-
lic appearance will be Sunday morning at 11
o'c1ock in the Unitarian Church at Franklin
and Geary Streets. Sunday night he will de-
liver a sermon in the First Congregational
Church in Oakland.
Abdul-Baha has been invited to deliver a talk
at Stamford University by Dr. David Starr
Jordan, which he has accepted. Speaking of
this yesterday, he said:
"The duty of educated men, especially uni-
versity presidents of the nation is this: To
teach in the universities and schools ideas con-
cerning universal peace, so that the student may
be so molded that in after years he may help
carry to fruition the most useful and human
issue of mankind."
MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR BUILDING FUND 
Received previously,
. . . $4,026.74
Received during September, . 1,533.88
Total to date,
. . . $5,560.62

