42 STAR OF THE WEST
associated with the Bab, and his son
Abdul-Baha. Persian, and its origin in the nineteenth
century, in seventy years has spread all over the
world. It stands out among other Movements as
the form of the renovating force in the spiritual life
of the world. We have in the Bahai teaching a re-
generative force which may change the form of
human society in a way and in a degree of which we
can have in the present confused state of things,
no adequate conception."
"The-Bahai Revelation may be described as
the greatest religious Movement of recent times.
A 3/Iovement which reckons its by tens of
thousand and the numbers of its adherents by mil-
lions. The first impression made on one is that its
name 'Bahai,' is a suggestion of a purified form
of Mohammedanism. But though associated in its
origin with the faith of Islam, as Christianity was
with Iudaism, yet it is a. distinct and independent
Movement--the answer to religious and social neces-
sity. That part which the Bahai Movement is des-
tined to play in the spiritual life of the world, is to
be a saviour of the Great Religions. . . . . A crisis
has been reached in the religions of the world and
men's hearts are failing them in fear.
did not profess to found a new re-
ligion in the ordinary acceptance of the word, that
is, an organized religious system adapted to the needs
of a particular race of people, but to broaden the
basis of each man's faith and to strengthen it.
'The essence of all religions is the love of God,
and to discover the way to the Kingdom one must
travel upon it. The people of Baha must teach by
their lives and manifest the light of God in their
deeds,' says Abdul-Baha."
The Christian Commonwealth is circulated
in all parts of the world and has over a half-
million readers. Thus showing the wide circle
of sympathy that is manifested from many
sources for the Bahai Movement and its aims.
The foregoing from the pens of eminent men,
and recognized as pee-rs in their fields of la--
bor, testifies that the Bahai Movement is prac-
tically a "world renovating" fact; that it is
actually a "Millennium period" already on the
ascendant; that it is -a "Resurrection" of spir-
ituality already on the wing; that it is a
"day of Righteousness and _Tud-gment" already
at hand.
Nothing with even a semb-lance to the-sc
principles has arisen nor gone forth out of
Persia -during 2500 years, which in the least
bears traces of Zoroastrian prop-hetic fulfillment
as does the Bahai an cs-
tablished fact throughout the world, and ac-
knowledged as such by the most distinguished
men of affairs i11 all countries, regardless of
their religious conviction-s.
In the face of these facts, is it not presump-
tuous on my part to call the attention of the
Parsee community to an event, already history,
which possibly might be "the lo-ng desired Mil-
lennium" of Shah Bahram and So-shans?
It is true, that the Parse-e community is
sm-all and for its own self-preservatio~n and
protection, the \Parsees must set about their
community a certain conservatism, and look
askance a.t new cults and philosophies. But
it must also remember that when we shut
others out, we likewise shut ourselves in; and
b-esides Bahaism is n-o cult, philosophy, nor new
religion. It is the religion of the prophets of
Iran-as piro-mised since ancient times and has
come in our day to aill who can believe these
glad--tidings.
Neither American nor English Bahais have
any interest in the a.dvan.ceme-nit of Persia
toward a habitable country, as-i=de from hu-
manity. But the Pars-ee-s have- an interest that
has slumbere-d for centuries in their hearts,
and a hope that has never waned. And now
since the Persi.an Bah-ais (statement of the
delegation) have cleared away the lurking
danger, and given the Parsees a light on the
path, a new hope almost, realized, is it then -too
much to ask you, my fellowmen in Mazda, to
also form a -delegation to investigate Bahaism
and see What relationship it has to your 0Wn
expectatio-ns of the "Resurrection of Right-
eousness 
I have met s-om-e of your l-earned mcn--in
fact, too learnned who have heard, have read,
have formed opinions about iit, but only from
exterior sources, have judged a world Move-
ment by the air bubbles churned by the
struggle.
Consequently, should my humble suggestion
of an investigating delegation be fo-llolw-ed,
then please do not make the same "topheavy";
but look to the spirit in 1nen's souls. That is,
those who can discern things wrought of God
and His Spirit.
E. C. GETSINGER.
THE TALKS OF ABDUL-BAHA given in
Paris have been published in German under the
title, "Evangelium der Lieb-e und des Fried-ens
fur unsere Zeit" Abdul-Baha Abbas.
Price 1 mark, 20 pfennings (29c) cloth bound,
2 marks (48c). Postage 6c additional. Order
from Willielm Herrigel, Hoellderlin str. 35,
Stuttgart, Germ-any.
OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue con-
tains: (1) Talk by Abdul-Baha before the
Atheists' Club in San Francisco, Cal; (2) Poem
by l\/Iirza Mahmood.

