STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of aifection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Sultan 1, 70 (January 19, 1915) No. 17
Abdul-Baha, on the main drive, Leland Stanford Junior University, Palo Alto. California,
following his address on International morning, October 8, 1912.
ADDRESS BY ABDUL-BAHA AT SACRAMENTO, CALIFORNIA
Assembly Hall, Hotel Sacramento, October 26, 1912, 9:30 a. m.
Dr. Ameen U. Fareed, interpreter; stenographic notes by Miss Bijou Straun
HAVE just visited your capitol and its de-
I lightful gardens. No other capitol has such
charming surroundings. It is most beautiful.
Iust as I have found your capitol to be so
imposing and distinguished above others, I
earnestly hope that especially the people of this
delightful state of California will prove them-
selves to be the most distinguished altruists of
the world. Indeed, this land of California
seems to be blessed. It is abundantly fruitful.
The climate is temperate. The sun is ever
shining. The fruits are delicious and luscious.
All the outward blessings are evident here,
and the Californians are a noble people. There-
fore I hope that they may make extraordinary
progress and become renowned for their vir-
tues.
The issue which is of paramount importance
in the world today is international peace. The
European continent is like unto an. arsenal.
It is a storehouse of explosives, ready for just
a spark, and one spark could set afiame the
whole of Europe, particulary at this time,
when the Balkan question is before the world.
Even now war is raging furiously; the blood
of innocent people is being spilled; children
are being captivated; women are being left
without support; homes are being destroyed.
Therefore the greatest necessity in the world
today is international peace. The time is ripe
for it. It is time for the abolition of Warfare.
It is time for the unification of nations and
governments. It is time for love. It is time
for the East and the West to become cemented
together.
Because the Californians seem to be so peace-
loving and possessed of such great worth and
capacity, I hope that peace advocates among
them may daily increase in number, until the
whole population shall stand' for peace. May the
men of affairs in this democracy uphold the
standard of peace. Thus may these altruistic
thoughts radiate from this center toward all
other regions of the earth, and may this glory
exist forever for this country. May the first
flag of international peace be upraised in this
state. May the first illumination of reality
shine gloriously on this soil. May this center

