218 STAR OF
withstanding this, I went, ascended 120 steps
and addressed the people for about two hours.
"In short I am sending you away. I sup-
plicate and entreat confirmation for you; I
beg strength and power for you. I hope that
the confirmations of the Kingdom of ABHA
may encircle you and that you may become the
means of the guidance of the people. With
reinforced hearts, strong resolution and heav-
enly assistance may you Ioose your tongues,
deliver eloquent speeches and promote the
Word of God. You have undertaken much
trouble in coming here. You must be very
happy; you must be very rejoiced because you
have come to this Sacred Spot and worshipped
at the Holy Tomb of the Bab. For many days
you have associated with me and I have en-
joyed your visit, and I hope that good results
THE WEST
will issue therefrom. Today whosoever is a
herald of the Covenant is the light of the Re-
gions. In the Supreme Concourse the Heav-
enly Cohorts are arrayed, watching to see who
will enter the arena of service of the Covenant,
that they may rush forward to reinforce, to
strengthen and to confer upon him triumph.
In brief, be ye overflowing with joy; be ye
overflowing with happiness for ye are the ob-
jects of the Favor of the Blessed Beauty. Be
ye full of clamour and acclamation like unto
a cup which is overflowing to the brim."
May the friends arise as never before to pass
this cup of Divine to the thirsty, parched
world.
Faithfully in the Spirit of the Covenant,
GEORGE LATIMER.
TRUMPET CALL TO THE EAST AND WEST
(Continued from page 215)
promote Thy Word amongst mankind and are hastening towards the city of
self-sacrifice with a heart overflowing with love and fidelity and a tongue elo-
quent with the praise of Thy Beauty!
Lord! Confirm whoever opens his mouth in the explanation of
Thy Cause; arises in the diffusion of Thy Fragrances, from who-se lips flows
the irresistible torrents of evidence in the elucidation of Thy Religion; waves
like unto the surging of the mighty ocean; sings like unto the singing of the
golden-tongued nightingale in the Garden of Thy Knowledge, and roars like
unto the roaring of the lion in the Forest of Thy Favor.
Lord! Cause them to qua-if from the goblet which is filled with the
Wine of Thy Guidance, exhilarate them with the intoxication of Thy Elixir,
suffer them to speak of Thy most incontrovertible proofs, inspire them with
irrefrag able evidences and demonstrations and teach them the essences of
wisdom and understanding.
Verily, thou art the Clement, Thou art the Conlirmer, the Powerful.
the Mighty and the Omnipotent, and verily there is no God beside the Lord
of Grace and Mercy!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, September Z2, l9l4. "Bahai
Nest," Mount Carmel, Haifa, Syria.
OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue con-
tains: (1) Verses and commands of 
LLAH regarding the station of The Center of
The Covenant, Abdul-Baha, and the violators;
(2) quotation from the Koran regarding the
hypocrites and the violators; (3) and (4) ut-
terances from the Blessed Tablets regarding
The Covenant and the violators; (S) "The light
of the moon shall become like the light of the
sun," by Mirza Abul-Fazl (6) "The Covenant
Unique," from the eloquent words of Shaikh-
ol-Rais; (7) "The ego of satan is the cause of
his infidelity," by M. Moustafa Bagdadi.
VOICE RECORDS OF ABDUL-BAHA may be obtained from Mrs. Howard MacNutt,
935 Eastern Parkway, Brooklyn, N. Y., at 85 cents each, including packing and shipment
via parcel post. These are disc records and can be used on various phonographs.

