STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away. and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. ]alal 1, 70 (April 9, 1914) No. 2
THE PRINCIPLES OF THE BAHAI MOVEMENT ARE KNOVVN
IN INDIA, IT WILL SPREAD LIKE 
Extracts from the Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, dated Mount Carmel, January, 1914.
INDIAN Mohammedan Prince, who is traveling in the Holy Land with a retinue
A of servants, called this afternoon on Abdul-Baha. He was accompanied by the English
Consul. He asked many questions, to all of which Abdul-Baha gave satisfactory
answers. He spoke. with him in detail on the oneness of the world of humanity and the
fundamental unity of all the religions. He had heard of the Movement in India, and there-
fore was delighted to come to the source and see "the Man who has freed humanity from
dead dogmas and spiritless doctrines." stayed for more than an hour, and when he left
he carried with him the blessing of the spiritual contact, and was imbued with His love of
mankind. .
In the course of conversation, this Indian Prince inv.ited Abdul-Baha to visit that sect-
heridden country and diffuse far and wide the fragrances of the teachings of universal love
and fellowship. "India needs these principles of tolerance and liberalism more than any other
c0un1'1'_y in the world. That thickly populated kingdom is a hot-bed of religious prejudices.
The sphere of their thoughts is very contracted, and although there are some acute thi11l<B1'S
and practical reformers in their midst, the mass of the community frown at any suggestions
or rules which change in the slightest degree their mode of living. The weight of immemorial
customs has fallen on their necks like the rusty chains of ages, and while the corroding
marks are imprinted on their emaciated bodies, they hug the chains more closely. In order
to gain the freedom of their limbs and the suppleness of their bodies, they must throw away
these chains of superstitions and dogmas and fraternize cheerfully and joyfully with all the
nations of the earth, irrespective of religion and race."

After a silence, Abdul-Baha said: "The cohorts of the Kingdom of ABHA are engaged
in uninterrupted conquest. They are gaining victory after victory. God willing, Mrs.
Stannard shall win many signal triumphs in India. Once the Principles of the Bahai
Movement are known in India, it will spread all over that country like wildfireMrs. Stannard has dedicated her life to the Cause. She knows neither rest
nor comfort. She does not sit tranquilly for one moment. Although she has a steady in-
come, yet out of that she gives to the poor and the needy. She entertains no other idea
save the service of the Kingdom and the promotion of the Cause. She is assisted by the
Confirmations of God. There are certain persons whose ambitions are lofty. They are not
satisfied with petty services and small things. They do not soil their wings with water and
clay. Their highest aim is to adorn their inner beings with the infinite perfections of the
celestial world. Thus the most cherished desire of Mrs. Stannard is to spend the remaining
vears of her life in the spread of the Cause and service to humanity."
INDIA
The entire area of India is about one-third It is said that eight hundred thousand persons
the size of Europe. die every month in India.
The total population exceeds 300,000,000. In There are 147 distinct languages in use in
India four times the population of the United India.
States live in a territory only half as large. There are over 2,300 castes and tribes and
Of every five persons in the world one lives 50,000,000 are classified as outcasts.
in the Indian empire. Nine--tenths of the population live in villages.

