STAR OF THE WEST 185
Reading from left to right:
GEORGE LATIMER, Portland, Ore.
MAX BENDER. Esslingen, Germany

GUSTAV EGER, Esslingen, Germany
ALMA S. KNOBLOCH, Germany
JULIE STEABLER, Stuttgart, Germany
CHARLES MASON REMEY, Washington, D. C. HUGO BENDER, Esslingen, Germany
MIRZA AZIZOLLAH, Shiraz, Persia
DR. HABIBOLLAH, Teheran, Persia
MARGARETI-IE DORING.Stuttgart, Germany
RICHARD KOHLER. Esslingen, Germany
LETTER FROM MR. CHARLES MASON REMEY
Stuttgart, Germany, August 22, 1914.
T-o the friends of Abdul-Baha in Washington,
D. C., through the kindness of Mr. Joseph
H. Hannen.
Dear friends in His service:
For three weeks there has been practically
no opportunity to send letters to the friends
in America. On account of this terrible war,
communications are cut off in all directions,
and here in Europe all conditions are most dif-
ficult but now some Americans are going from
here to America, so I will try to send this
through their kindness.
George Latimer and I were in Leipzig with
Miss Alma Knobloch when the first hostilities
began. There were some people in Leipzig
who were attracted to the Cause, and the work
bid fair to progress; but with the commence-
ment of the war all was thrown into confusion
and itiwas impossible to carry on any propa-
ganda work in that 'city. Therefore, we decided
to come on here to our objective point in
After much difliculty we
got through and were followed 1n a. few days
by Miss Knobloch.
Here in Stuttgart we found our Bahai
friends in. great material trouble, but in a state
of great spiritual attraction and enkindlement.
Their beautiful spirit has been a lesson and a
blessing to us.
Although we are suffering humanly because
of the snifering about us, yet our own diffi~
culties are nothing compared with those of our
German friends. There is hardly a household
that has not a father, a brother or a son at the
front, and each day brings the news of many
killed and wounded>>--you may imagine the rest 
Think of our Bahai brothers going thus to
battle! They do not want to kill. They have
only love in their hearts, but the conditions
necessitate their sacrifice!
Yet despite all this human agony and misery,
nowhere in Europe have we found such real
spiritual Warmth, peace and joy of soul as
here in Stuttgart--here where the friends are
all in the very vortex of material distress.
Every night and every afternoon a meeting is
held, and the spirit of the Covenant of God
is always manifest in our midst. Through
distress the hearts of the people are turned
towards God, and many new faces are appear-
ing in the meetings.
Dr. Habibollah an-d Mirza Azizollah, two
young Persian>> Bahais from the American Col-
lege in Beirut, Syria, are also here in Stuttgart.
Abdul-Baha sent them here on their way to

