STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness ot the nations: that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and dilferences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Rahmat 1, 70 (June 24-, 1914) No. 6
VISIT TO PHILADELPHIA
JUNE 8-10, 1912
A brief description containing various Talks in the order in which they were delivered
at the Hotel Rittenhouse; also Talk at the home of Mrs. Revell.
BY MISS EDNA MCKINNEY
the eighth day of Iune, nineteen hun-
C) dred and twelve, Abdul-Baha, Center of
the Covenant of quick-
ened the sleeping body of Philadelphia by his
presence. Abdul-Baha arrived from New York
City at the Broad Street Station at six o'clock
in the eveningthe
Bahais. He was very tired and asked to go
quickly to the hotel, the Rittenhouse, 22nd and
Chestnut streets, where he was met by several
newspaper reporters to whom he spoke but
briefly. Accompanying Abdul-Baha was Mirza
Ali Akbar, Dr. Ameen U. Fareed and Mirza
Ahmad Sohrab.
Early Sunday morning the friends began to
arrive at the hotel, and from ten on till late
at night there was spread for all a wonderful
feast. Each came and partook according to
his desire and capacity, high and low, rich and
poor, black and white--there is no distinction
at the table of Abdul-Baha. This food brought
Everlasting Life to all who feasted. Questions
were asked and answered both in regard to
personal matters and with regard to the work
of the Cause in Philadelphia.
Abdul--Baha asked what was being done in
Philadelphia Wliat meetings were held and
how they were conducted. Mrs. Revell an-
swered that meetings were held at the ho-mes
of the friends; also one pub-lic meeting
each week in a hall; that the Nineteen-Day
Feast was observed; and that at all meetings
the teachings of and Abdul-Baha
were read in the endeavor to spread the
blessed message of unity and love to all in-
quirers.
Abdul--Baha then said that Philadelphia
would be glorified through the Spirit of
He said, "Write this down,
that on such a (lay, in such a room* Abdul-
Baha told you these things."
*Sunday, _Tun_e 9, 1912, in the small parlor of the
Rittenhouse, suite 423; Abdul-Baha sat on a sofa in
the northwest corner of the room.
He then went on to say:
have come to Philadelphia to breathe into
you the spirit of My heart led
me here.
"You must continue to keep the Nineteen-
day Feast. It is very important,--very good.
But when you present yourselves in the meet-
ings, before entering them, free yourselves
from all that you have in your hearts ;--iree
your thoughts and minds from all else save
God and speak from the all may
make this a gathering of love;--n1ake it the
cause of illumination ;--make it a gathering of
attracted hearts; surround it with the lights of
the Supreme Concourse. Thus may you be
gathered together in the utmost love.
"Turn to God and say: God! dispel all
those elements which are the canse of 
and jrrepaw for us those things which are the
cause of unity and agreement! God! cause
to descend upon us Heavenly F1'ag7'zmce and
change this gatl1c1'ing into a gathering of
Heaven! Grant to as every benefit and every
food! for us the food of love! Give
to us the food of knowledge! Bestow upon us
the food of Heavenly In your
heart 1'EURmc"mbe1' these things and than enter
the Unity Feast
"Each one of you must think how to make
the other members of your assembly happy
and pleased. Each one must consider all
tho-se who are present as better and greater
than himself. Each one must consider him-
self less than the rest. Consider their station
as high, and think of your 0-wn station as low.
Should you act and live according to these be-
hests; know verily and of a certainty, that such
a Feast is indeed the Heavenly Food; that
Supp-er is indeed the Lord's Supper. I am
the servant of that gathering.
"This is the gospel I give to you."
Abdul-Baha then went to his room for a
while.

