STAR OF THE WEST 247
ness Iesus Christ have united these divergent
factors or brought about such results through
political power? Was this unity and agree-
ment possible through material forces? It
is evident that it was not; nay, rather these
various peoples were brought together through
Divine Power,--through the breaths of the
Holy Spirit. They were revived through the
infusion of a fresh spirit. The spirituality
of the Christ overcame their difficulties so
that their disagreements utterly passed away.
In this way these varying peoples were unified,
agreed and became welded in a bond of love
which alone can unite hearts. Therefore it is
proved that the Manifestations of God,--the
great Mouth-pieces of God are the Collective
Centers of God. The Prophets of God are
these Collective Centers, for they are the real
shepherds. The real shepherd unites the scat-
tered sheep as they have done in the past.
The Collective Center has ever appeared from
the Orient. His Holiness Abraham was a Col-
lective Center and He appeared in the East.
His Holiness Moses was a Collective Center
and He appeared in the East. His Holiness
Iesus Christ was a Collective Center and He
appeared in the East. His Holiness Moham-
med was a Collective Center appearing among
the nomadic tribes of the Arabian peninsula.
Today His Holiness is the Col-
lective Center of Unity for all humanity and
He has come from the East. He founded
the oneness of humanity in Persia. He es-
tablished amity among the various peoples of
different religions, denominations, sects and
cults by rescuing them from the fetters of past
imitations and superstitions, and led them to
the very foundation of the Divine Religions.
And from this foundation shines forth the radi-
ance of spirituality which is Unity, the Love
of God, the Knowledge of God, praiseworthy
morals and the virtues of the human world.
again renewed these principles
just as the coming of the spring refreshes
the earth and confers new life upon all plie-
nomenal beings. For the freshness of the
former springtime had waned, its 
had ceased, the life--giving breezes were no
longer wafting their fragiances; winter and
the season of darkness had come. His Holiness
came to renew the life of the
world with this new and Divine springtime
which has pitched its tent in the countries of
the Orient in the utmost power and glory. It
has refreshed the world of the Orient and
there is no doubt that if the world of the
Occident should abandon dogmas of the past,
turn away from empty imitations and super-
stitions, investigate the Reality of the Divine
religions, holding fast to the example of His
Holiness jesus Christ, acting in accordance
with the teachings of God and becoming uni-
fied with the Orient, an eternal happiness
would be thereby attained.
In the \?Vestern world material civilization
has attained the highest point of development,
but the Divine civilization was founded in the
Orient. Now the Orient must acquire material
civilization from the Occident and the Occi-
dent must acquire spiritual civilization from
the Orient. This will establish a mutual bond.
When the East and Vi/est shall come together,
the world of humanity will present a glori-
ous aspect and extraordinary progress will be
achieved. This is clear and evident ;--there
is no proof needed. The status of material
civilization in the Occident cannot be denied;
nor can any one deny the confirmation of the
spiritual civilizations of the Orient, for all the
Divine foundations of civilization have ap-
peared in the East. This, too, is clear and
evident. Therefore you must strive to assist
the Orient in order that it may acquire ina-
terial progress. Likewise the Orient must
promulgate the principles of spiritual civiliza-
tion in the Occident. By the commingling of
these two civilizations the World of humanity
will attain the highest bond of prosperity and
progress. Material civilization alone is not
sufficient and will not prove productive. The
physical happiness of material conditions was
alloted to the animal. Consider how the ani-
mal has reached the utmost degree of physical
felicity. For example, a bird perches upon
the loftiest branch and builds there its nest
in the utmost beauty and skill. All the grains
and seeds of the meadows are its wealth and
food; all the fresh water of mountain springs
and rivers of the plain are for its enjoyment.
Truly this is the acme of material happiness
to which even a human creature cannot attain.
This is the honor of the animal kingdom. But
the honor of the human kingdom is the at-
tainment of spiritual happiness in the human
world, the acquisition of the Knowledge and
Love of God. The honor alloted to man is
the acquisition of the supreme virtues of the
human world. This is his real happiness and
felicity. But if materialhappiness and spiritual
felicity be conjoined, it will be "delight upon
(Continued on Page 248)

