STAR OF THE WEST 105
ADDRESSES DELIVERED BY ABDUL-BAHA AT PHILADELPHIA
[Continued from page 103]
When the sun sets, it is the time fo-r bats to
fly. They soar because they are birds of the
night. As the light of Religion became dark-
ened, the materialistic birds began to fly. They
are the hats of night. As the sun of religion
sets it is their time for activity. The world has
been darkened a.nd clouds have spread over it.
His Holiness has appeared from
the eastern horizon. Like L1l1'1liO- a sun He has
come into the world. He has reflected the
Reality of Divine Religion and dispelled the
darkness of imitation-, He has laid down the
foundation for new Teachings, and thereby
resuscitated the earth.
INVESTIGATION OF REALITY.
The first teaching of is the in-
vestigation of Reality. Man must investigate
Reality himself, forsaking imitation. As the
nations of the world are pursuing certain imi-
tations, and imitations are various, the differ-
ences have been productive of strife and war-
fare. S-o lo-ng as these imitations remain, the
oneness of the world -of humanity is impossible.
Therefore we must investigate the Reality in
order that through Its Light this darkness may
be dispelled. For Reality is One Reality. It
does not accept multiplicity o-r division. If all
the nations of the world investigate Reality,
they will agree and 'become united.
Many p-eople and sects in Persia have investi-
gated the Rea-lity. They have become united
and agreed and no-W live in a state of utmost
unity and accord, agreement and love; there is
no longer the least trace of strite or disagree-
ment amongst them.
Consider! The Jews were expecting the ap-
pearance of the Mes-siah, looking forward to it
with heart and soul. But because they were
submerged in imitation, they did not believe in
Hi-s Holiness Iesus Christ when He appeared,
and finally arose against. Him, even to the point
of persecution. Had they investigated Reality,
they would have accep-ted their promised Mes-
siah. These blind imitations fill the 
with darkness, cause warfare and become the
cause of ra.ncor and hatred. Therefore we
must investigate Reality in order to extricate
ourselves from all these conditions. Thus may
our face-s become illumined and may we find
the path-way to the Kingdom of God.
UNITY or MANKIND.
The second teaching of con-
cerns the unity of mankind. All mankind is
one family and all are the servants of God.
God has created all; all are the children of
God; God provides for all-; God rears and
nurtures all; God is kind to all. \/Vhy should
we be unkind? This is the policy of God, the
lights of which have shown up the whole
world; His sun is shining upon all; His clouds
send down rain upon all; His breezes refresh
all. Therefore it becomes evident that human
kind without exception is sheltered beneath His
protection. At most some are imperfect, they
must be perfected; some are ignorant, they
must 'be taught; so-me are ill, they must be
treated; some are asleep, they must be awak-
ened. The child must not be oppressed be-
cause he is a child, he must be educated; the
patient must not be neglected because he is
sick, nay rather one must entertain compassion
for him, he must be healed. This makes it
evident that the animosity which exists between
the religious systems must be dispelled, and
conditions of love and amity be entertained by
them all.
RELIGION THE CAUSE OF PEACE.
The third teaching of is that
Religion must be the cause of amity, the cause
of unification an-d the nearness of God to man.
If Religion be the cause of animosity and
warfare, then surely non-religion is better than
religion, and an irreligions man is better than
one who is religious. Nay, on the contrary
Religion must be the cause of love, a bond to
unify all humanity, a message from God.
RELIGION AND SCIENCE MUST AGREE.
The four-th teaching of is that
Religion must correspond with science. For
God has endowed man with mind or reason
whereby he is required to determine the verity
of propositions. If religious questions be con-
trary to the standards o-f science, they are no
other than pure superstition and imagination.
For the opposite of knowledge is ignorance.
Unquestionably religion must agree with sci-
ence. It must be reasonable in order that it
may instil man with confidence. If a question
be contrary to reason and science, it is impos-
sible for man to attain confidence; he Will al-
ways be vacillating.
Everything that nurtures prejudice, whether
that prejudice be religious, sectarian, patriotic
or political, is a destroyer of the firm founda-
tion o-f humanity. Prejudice is the destroyer
of human happiness, no matter what form it

