STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES 14 
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post oflice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Editorial Staf: ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
if if Illonoraru Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Terms: $1.50 per year; 15 cents per copy
l\Tote--Unti1 further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P, 0. Box 283, Chicago, 111,, U, S. A.
To personal check: please add to covet the bank exchanfle.
Address all communications to BAHAI SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS son!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness.
firmness! (Signed) Annur.-Bum Anus.
Vol. Kudrat 1, 70 (November 4, 1914) No. 13
MESSAGE TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE FROM ABDUL-BAHA
(Extract from Address published in this issue of the STAR OF TI-IE WEST)
THIS ALL-IMPOR TANT QUESTION YOUR MOST SERIOUS
CONSIDERATION AND 
This terrestrial globe is a dark world of grossest mlatter. It is a world of
sorrow and grief; a wo-rld of disappointment and unhappiness; a world of death.
For the earth is after all the everlasting graveyard, the vast cemetery of man.
Yet men fight to possess this graveyard, Waging war and battle, killing one an-
other. What an injustice is this! VVhat ignorance! For the earth after all
is spacious, and can hold all. It is so allotted that every man can derive his daily
sustenance from it. The Lord does not suffer anyone to starve. All can be blessed
with the abundant bestowals of God. But on account of pure superstitions, and
by reason of old theological dogmas which have nothing to do with the funda-
mentals of Divine Religion,--for the sake of such limitations, this bloodshed is
taking place.
As to the American people, this noble nation, intelligent, thoughtful, medi-
tative,--it is quite disinterested, for its territory is insular and geographically sep-
arated from the other nations. Here we find a oneness of interest, a oneness of
-policy. These arc indeed United States. Therefore the United States is possessed
of the capacity and capability of holding aloft the banner of international peace.
May this nation, this noble people, be the cause of unifying humanity! May this
noble people spread b1'oa.dcast the heavenly civilization and illumination! May
it be the cause of the of the Love of God! May it proclaim the solidarity
of mankind! May it be the cause of the guidance of the human race! Therefore
I request you to give this question your most serious consideration
and eflorts. Thus may the World of humanity obtain peace and composure. Thus
may this dark World be transformed into a realm of radiance. Thus may the
East and the West clasp hands together. Thus may the Oneness of God become
reflected and fully revealed or mirrored forth in the hearts of humanity and all
mankind prove to be the manifestations of the Favors of God.

