STAR OF THE WEST 21
even though it were not in accord with judg-
ment or human reason.
Equality between Men and Women
The sixth new teaching of is
the equality between men and women. This is
peculiar to the teachings of for
all other religions placed men above women.
Prejudice of all kinds must be forgotten
The seventh of the teachings of 
which is new for this Day, is that prejudice
and fanaticism, Whether religious, sectarian,
sectional, denominational or patriotic,--are de-
structive of the foundation of the human solid-
arity, so that man should release himself from
such bonds in order that the Oneness oi the
world of humanity might become manifest.
Universal Peace
The eighth of His teachings is Universa.l
Peace; that all men and nations shall make
peace amongst them; that there shall be Uni-
versal Peace amongst governments, Universal
Peace amongst religions, Universal Peace
amongst races, Universal Peace amongst the
denizens of all regions. This is one of the
special characteristics of the Revelation of

All Mankind should partake of Knowledge
and Education
The ninth of these special teachings 'is' that
all mankind should partake of both knowledge
and education, and this partaking of knowl-
edge and of education is one of the necessities
of religion. This again is one of the special
characteristics of the teachings of 
LLAH.
Solu.tion of the Economic Problem
The tenth teaching is the solution of the
economic question. For no religious books of
the past Prophets speak of the economic ques-
tion, while the economic problem has been
thoroughly solved in the teachings of 
LLAH.
Organization of The House of Justice
The eleventh teaching is the organization
called The House of Justice, which is endowed
with a political as Well as a religious aspect. It
embodies both aspects, and it is protected-by
the Preserving Power of Him-
self. A Universal or World House oi justice
shall be organized. That which it orders shall
b-e the Truth in explaining the Commands of
BAHAJOJLLAH, and that which the House of
justice ordains concerning the Commands of
shall be obeyed by all. But that
will be the House of justice organized from
amongst the members of the Houses of Justice
of the whole world, and all men shall be under
the supervision of that House of Justice.
The Center of the Covenant
As to the most Great Characteristic,--and it
is a specific teaching of the Revelation of
and no-t given by any of the
Prop-hets of the past,--it is the teaching con-
cerning The Center of The Covenant. By
giving the .te-aching concerning The Centre of
The Covenant He made provision against all

kinds of differences, so that no man should be
able to create a new' sect. To guard against
that state of thing, He entered into a Cov-
enant with all the people of the world, indi-
eating the Person or the Interpreter of His
teachings, so that no man should be able to say
that he explains a certain teaching in this way,
and thus create a sect revolving around his
individual understanding of a part of the teach-
ings. Thus the "Book of the Covenant" and
the Testament of is the means of
preventing such a possibility.
ln short, the teachings of are
many. Were I to speak to you concerning them
until morning they would no-t be exhausted. I
have outlined to you some of them.. You can
read the rest in the Books of 
THE WORK IN INDIA
LECTURE was delivered by Mrs. Getsin-
A ger at the Theosophical Society hall in
Surat, on the 22nd of january, on "Purity
and Divinity," and on the 19th, she met some
important personage and had a inter-
view wit.h him, and he was very much attracted
to the Cause. Dr. and Mrs. Getsinger left
Surat on the 24th.
In Bombay they were kept busy meeting
people of various creeds, in addition to the
public lectures delivered. On the 24th, Mrs.
Getsinger spoke for an hour in the Pratana
Mandir hall on, "The Bahai Movement--Its
Rise and Progress." Mrs. Stannard followed
and spoke for ten minutes.
On January 28th, Dr. Getsinger spoke to
the students of the Theistic Society here, 'on
"The Uplift of Humanity."
On February lst, Mrs. Getsinger spoke in
the Bahai hall on "The Universal Aspect of

