STAR OF THE WEST 183
In another place, he says: "For more than
a generation the world has been in a transition
from liberty to fraternity, from egotism to
altruism, from personal liberty to fraternal
liberty, from individuality to social solidarity,
from patriotism to humanitarianism-, from re-
ligious and ethical sectarianism to spiritual and
moral unity, from organic disunity to organic
unity, from the rule of bossism to government
by the people and from selfishness to brother-
hood. The era of fraternity has well set in."
The above statements were translated and
read to Abdul-Baha, and he was well pleased
with them. The "Anthem of World Patriot-
ism," (see opposite p-age) which we are trans-
lating into Persian, is quoted above as a pre-
lude to the Tablet Abdul-Baha revealed to Rev.
I. W. Van Kirk as follows:
thou respected truth seeker!
"Thy letter was received. It reflected the sentiment of the oneness of the
world of humanity. The flag that thou hast forwarded was in reality the fore-
shadowing symbol of Universal Peace. Today all the nations of the world are
animated with a warlike -spirit and all the governments of the world are filling
their military storehouses, inventing infernal machines and perfecting their man-
killing engines; so that their martial powers may preponderate each other; es-
pecially the Continent of Europe has become an arsenal of combustible materials.
It needs only one tiny spark to set that hell into a world-wide explosion. It
will be, then such a titanic conflagration that its lurid flames shall blazen all the
horizons. Hence the 'Anthem of Universal Peace' has still no charm in their
ears. Their universally-accepted political axioms are that the greatness and pros-
perity of a nation depends on her military and naval powers. The more elaborate
these preparations, the better protected and secured the well-being and happiness
of that government and nation. The kings and rulers of the world are not yet
ready to acknowledge that Universal Peace is conducive to the life of the World
of humanity. In a similar strain the nobles, the demagogues and those in authority
find their glory and reputation in naval and military preparedness.
"Consequently it is impossible that 'economic contentment' be realized by
the people of the world save through the transforming Power of Faith. For
Faith is the solver of every problem. Therefore you must strive to strengthen
the foundation of the Religion of God. Through 'the Power of the Religion of
God every difliculty will be disentangled. The Power of the Religion of God
will humble the kings and set at naught the crooked motives of those who are in
supreme authority. Then endeavor ye, that the Power of T-rue Religion which
breathes the Spirit of Life into the dead body of the world of humanity, may
be promulgated. This is the antidote for the poison-ed body of the world and
a quick-healing remedy for the rancorous disease of man. For this reason diffuse
thou as much as thou art able the sweet Fragrance of the Holy Spirit, teach the
people the Divine advice and exhortations and spread far and wide the heavenly
Teachings 
Bahai Nest, Mount Carmel,
Haifa, Syria, August 8, 1914.
Dear friends 
The sun had set behind Mount Carmel. The
delicate shades of its after-glow--red, pink and
ora.nge--had painted the Western horizon of
the Eastern sky. The white, fleecy clouds were
transformed into golden castles hanging be-
twixt the heaven and earth. It was as though
Iris, the beautiful Goddess of Rainbow, had
tinted the blue azure and she herself living in
one of those lovely mansions of the air and
making a magnificent display of iridescent
colors and prismatic hues for the delectation
of her admirers. The sunrise and sunset on
Mount Carmel are especially gorgeous and
superb, for one often observes the sea and
mountain on fire--a brilliant and respendent
scene of dazzling colors, blended and suffused
together in one magnificent whole. On this
particular evening there was a lull in the air
and a cal-m grandeur enfolded us. There was
the softest rustle through the trees and flowers
and the sweetest songs on our lips. A few
of us were thus enjoying the pure deliciousness
of the garden of Abdul-Baha. The light zeph-
[Continued on page 186]-

