STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of atfection and unity between the sons oi men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and dilferences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strites,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the Most Great Peace' shall 
pi if Ni pf *Mulk; 1, 70 (Februarv 7,*19fi152 No.18
NEW COMMANDS IN THE BAHAI RELIGION WHICH ARE LACKING
IN CHRISTIANTY
COMPILED FROM BRILLIANT 
BY MIRZA ABUL-FAZL
HAT new command is there in the
Bah-oi relz'g1'on which is la-cking in
hristionity 
Although this question is an abstruse one
which cannot be fully comprehended by a per-
son unless he he well versed in the books of
the two peoples, yet we will expound it clearly
in such a way as to be easily understood by
every soul, and we will explain the specific
features of this great Movement and prove
the necessity of this Most Holy Manifesta-
tion for the comfort and upbuilding of the
world. Thus may disinterested persons attain
insight and every just one arise i11 thanksgiv-
ing for this great bestowal of God, the All-
Glorious.
It is evident to every perceiving soul that
the world of humanity will attain perfection,
and that happiness and welfare, the desire of
nations and goal of all hearts, will be insured
when religious difierences and sectarianism,
the cause of alienation and cstrangement of
the people, are utterly removed from the
world, and all estrangements and schisms,
such as racial, patriotic and political divisions,
etc._. are dispelled from among men. Thus
may men become brothers, loving and kind
toward each other. These terrible Wars, which
are the greatest catastrophes of humanity and
civilization, will disappear. The vast sums,
the expenditure of which is undoubtedly the
cause of impovcrishing men and destroying
the world, will no longer be devoted to
destructive pursuits and infernal machinery.
This question is so clear and lucid that the
most deficient mind can pass judgment upon it.
Nevertheless this condition has been confirmed
by the Divine glad-tidings and established by
heavenly prophecies. For the Holy Books con-
tain explicit record that in the Great Day
which has been exalted by various names, such
as "the last day," "the time of the end,"
"the latter day," "the day of the Lord," etc.,
the Glorious LORD will descend and will unite
all nat-ions in the Worship of the One God.
He will so train all men in lofty and spiritual
qualities that warfare and conflict will be up-
rooted, rancor and hatred will be replaced by
sociability and peace, and implements of war
be changed into farming and trading tools.
This is a brief statement of the promises of
the prophets concern-ing the "latter day."
It is self-evident that all nations are await-
ing and anticipating the advent of such a Day
and the coming of such a great Cause; nay,
they pray and supplicate God to hasten its
arrival.
But the greatest obstacles among the nations
are the signs and conditions which shall ap-
pear with this praiscworthy Manifestation and
promised Day; for all the Manifestations of
God and founders of religion who have for-
merly come have mentioned the signs of this
great event in their respective books and
emphasized and clearly recorded them in their
utterances. But every prophet who appeared
recorded the self--same signs mentioned by his
predecessor and repeated the same words; yet
without undertaking to explain the meaning
of those Signs and conditions or make his ob-
ject therein known. For instance, consider
how for a thousand years his holiness Moses
and the Israelitish prophets spoke and uttered
glad-tidings to the people of the coming of the
Lord of Hosts who would harmonize and
unite all in the worship of One God. Among
the signs of the day of His coming announced
by them are:
First: The rolling up of the heavens
Second: The sun will be darkened.
Third: The moon shall not give her light.
Fourth: The stars shall 1'-all from heaven.

