STAR OF THE WEST 87
with his discourse, which was in most part
directed to a colored believer from Harrisburg,
Pa. 
"You have a good, pleasant country, excel-
lent climate and polite, goOd mannered people.
This is a populous country, and the prosperity
of any country is dependent upon its people.
One must not look at the house but at the
dweller in the house. One must not look at
the shell but at the pearl within the shell.
On-e must not lo-olc at the garden but at the
trees and flowers growing in the garden. If a
country be in a state of the utmost prosperity
but its people 'be without progress or perfec-
tions, it is valueless. If the dweller in the
house be not worthy, no matter how excellent
the house-may be; if within the shell there
be no pearls, of what use is the house, of
what value is the delicacy of the shell itself?
Now, we must endeavor in order that the deli-
cate shells may contain brilliant pearls; these
beautiful gardens produce fruitful trees. These
brilliant pearls are the so-uls who are the lamps
of the world of humanity, the fruitful trees of
the divine garden, the stars of eternal glory.
Strive that such souls may be found in your
country.
hope that in this city there may arise some
who shall be as lights on the Horizon of Real-
ity; jewels in the crown of humanity, founda-
tion stones in the divine temple of Oneness,
lanterns of the Love of God. This is my hope,
that in time so it s-hall be. Praise be to God!
You have capacity, your intentions are sin-
cere, you are turning to God, you seek for in-
spiration from the Kingdom, you are receptive
and enjoy with spiritual intelligence. I hope
that you may be of the 'chosen ones.'
"In Washington, in many gatherings and
meetings, we spoke of unity between the White
and the colored races, presenting the subject
With incontrovertible p-roofs and evidences.
VVhether logical proofs or traditional proofs,
before God there is no distinction of white or
colored. \/Vhosoever has a pure heart, his deeds
are better and more acceptable before the
threshhold of the Almighty, though he may be
red or yellow. It is evident the colored and
the white people belong to the same human
family. in reality they are of the same human
household in which colors, as in all depart-
ments of life, are used for adornment.
"If you enter a rose garden and find all the
flowers of the same color there is no enjoy-
ment; but when you see wh-ite roses, dark
roses, red and yelloW--many kinds and colors,
you will have perfect enjoyment. And why
should not the same rule govern and prevail in
the hum.an family. For instance, in a flock of
doves so-me are white, some are grey, some
may be yellow or even red, but notwithstand-
ing the difference in colors they live together
in the utmost love and unity. Among the
doves which belong to the_ animal kingdom,
variety of color does not become a subject of
discord; they dwell peacefully with each other.
Is it then befitting that in the human family
that difference of color should become- the
cause of strife? The dove knows that differ-
ence of colors does not harm  Among horses
some are red, some black, some white and some
yellow, yet they are in the utmost affinity and
accord. 1/lost of the animals of the 'lower
kingdom are of varied colors yet they asso-
ciate peacefully, kind with kind. Is it befitting
that man does not equal the birds? Indeed it
is not.
"Vi/'e said in the VVashington addresses that
the colored race must be very grateful to the
white race an-d the white race kind and helpful
to the colo-red race. The colored race must
be very thankful because the men of the white
race sacrificed their lives and became the cause
of their freedom. This magnanimity cannot be
forgotten. Furthermore, through this the white
race be-came the cause of freedom for the col-
ored race all over the world. The freedom
of the colored race in America became the
cause of freedom for the colored race in Africa
and throughout the world. In Africa the col-
ored race Was grossly illtreated. Now they are
free. This was because of the freedom enjoyed
by the colored race in this country, and the
freedom of the colored race in America was
accomplished through the white race. The col-
ored race should be grateful to the white; they
should never forget this. Therefore We must
endeavor so that day by day the love of God
may increase in the world of humanity, the
laws of man find the common bond strength-
ened, the virtues of the human World be de-
veloped and divine love shed its rays upon the
mind of man until hu111anity_become5_tl1e man-_
ifestation of the rays of Divine Love.
"Everything which is the cause of the pro-
motion of love must be encouraged, and on the
other hand that which is the cause of hatred
and enmity must be shunned. God has sent all
His messengers and Prophets to establish love
amongst humanity. All the Heavenly Books
[Continued on page 89]

