STAR OF THE WEST 71
delegate from Boston, spoke. Mrs. Guy, in
an impressive talk, vib-rant with life, testified
to the results being accomplished in the world
about us by the great humanitarian move-
ments of the day, referring to Christian Sci-
ence, Socialism, Woman's Suffrage, and others.
"All these great and good movements will be
merged into one glorious, refulgent light.
They are in fact rays of the glorious Sun of
Truth which is shining upon the world today
through the Revelation of and
we all feel tonight here with us the wonderful
Life and Spirit of Him to whom all in the
world are turning, Abdul-Baha the Center of
the Covenant of God, whose Spirit is blessing
us."
After a chant by Mr. Kinney, from the
Hidden Words, again re-iterating the tho-ught
of purification and renunciation: "Make firm
Thy Love in our hearts, and then we can bear
all the swords of the earth. . . . Were it
not for trials in Thy Path we should not
have appreciated Thy Love. our Lord
strengthen us to remain firm and to uphold
the hands of Thy Cause, to serve Thee among
Thy people. Thou art Loving, Thou art Boun-
tiful."
The final speaker of the meeting, and the
sessions, was Rev. Albert R. Vail, of Urbana,
111., and in many respects his discourse was
unique in penetrating power and beauty of
utterance among all the eloquent addresses of
the Convention. Certainly none better fitted
to sum up the power a11d significance of the
Bahai Movement could have been selected.
At an early stage of the address, Chairman
Hall possessed himself of the speaker's watch
which he had used to keep his talk within lim-
its, and by refusing to give it up accu.rately
signified the strong desire of the audience to
listen to Mr. Vail's beautiful exposition with-
out imposing any limit of time. Unfortunately
this talk was not taken down in detail. It was
constructive and unusual in its constant draw-
ing the thought of the audience to the unmis-
takable reappearance in the world today of the
Signs of the Divine Authority that was in
Christ. With telling phrase, and great beauty
of imagery, the speaker traced the proofs of
Manifestation, showing the unity of these
proofs in every age. In the unexampled mar-
tyrdoms of the nineteenth century in Persia,
he pointed the lesson that only through a Di-
vine Power, declared to them by Him whom
they loved and followed could such events be
possible. He emphasized the need of man for
that Divine Authority and that in no other
way could the great human problems reach
solution. Throughout _t'he address was the
theme of the wonderful lives of the Bab,
and Abdul-Baha, their complete
sacrifice, the life in prison, the chains, the
victory, the Divine Love, and the Creative
Power of their W0-rds and Deeds in human
hearts.
Full of the beautiful spirit of this discourse,
the audience dispersed after singing "The
Benediction"; and thus came to a close this
Sixth Convention in America for the building
of the Masihrak-el-Azkar. One could not bet-
ter render in a few words the supreme lesson
of this Convention, a lesson not confined to
the ranks of the delegates but felt in every
Bahai community in the West, than in the fol-
lowing stirring Prayer given by Abdul-Baha
in a Tablet read at the first Convention held
in America, in which He referred to those
arising to serve the Cause of God:
my Lord, Make them Thy refulge-ht
dawns which shine and gleam upon the Tem-
ple of Unity, so that they may be resuscitated
from the tombs of negligence, mi_fm'l the
standard of virtue and chant the verses of
self-abhegatio-h and renunciation while hasten'-
ing toward the altar of sacrifice. erily Thou.
are especializing to Thy Mercy whomsoeve-r
Thou willest and verily Thou are powerful in
all tliin.g.r."
 
EXTRACT FROM MIRZA AHMAD DIARY, IANUARY 13, 1914.
Mr. and Mrs. I-Iolbach had several questions to ask about the Mashrak-el-Azkar and its
accessories. In answer Abdul-Baha said:
"When these institutions, college, hospital, hospice and establishments for the incurables,
university for the study of higher sciences and giving post-graduate courses, and other
philanthropic buildings, are built, its doors will be open to all the nations and all religions.
There will be drawn absolutely no line of demarcation. Its charities will be dispensed
irrespective of color and race. Its gates will be flung wide to mankind; prejudice toward
none, love for all. The central building will be devoted to the purposes of prayer and
worship. Thus for the first time religion will become harmonized with science and science
will be the hand-maid of religion, both showering their material and spiritual gifts on all
humanity. In this way the people will be lifted out of the quagm-ires of slothfulness and
bigotry."

