STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April'9, 1911, at the post office at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Editorial Stafl: ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Alumni) SOHRAB
Terms: $1.50 per year; 15 cents per copy
Note -Until further notice. distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to Bmuu News Senvlce, P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, Ill,. U, S. A.
To personal checks please add sufliclent to cover the ban]: exchange.
in i i 
Address all communications to NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS Gonl 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and cllme. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is Organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves_of the sea; thy volume will increase. thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon fir11mes.s', firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA Anus.
Vol. _Nur 1, 70 (June 5, 1914) No. 5
TO REITERATE:
A few wleeks before the recent Convention,
the Executive Board of Bahai Temple Unity,
sent forth a Call to the Assemblies throughout
America. It is reiterated herewith in sub-stance,
"1-est we forget":
A large and beautiful site on the sho-res of
Lake Michigan has been completely paid for,
on which is to stand the first Mashrak--el--
Azkar (in the we-stern world) and a sum is al--
ready in hand toward the construction fund.
Marvelous and unique response of humanity
to the Father's call!
Let there be no feeling of exultatio-n, how-
ever. The speedy completion of this great
wo-rk now makes its appeal to all lovers of
God and man. If anyone who calls himself
a Bahai, or one to whom this Word has come,
calling all people and religions to Unity, who
has not contribn-ted to this Cause systemati-
cally, the privilege is now extended to partici-
pate in -the construction of this foundation of
spiritual Unity--a w-ork which in the cycle of
Adam has not been equalled.
Ab-du1--Baha has said, "If it be built in the
days of the Covenant, it will be more joyful
and more heart rejoicing, but this is diflicult.
Now be engaged in collecting 
Let the privilege to give to this object be
extended and the offerings enlarged, that no
soul, old or young, may be denied the oppor-
tunity until the fund necessary for beginning
building less than $200,000.00
to b-e in hand within a single
year,
A soul's giving to the Mashrak-el-Azkar,
which Abdul-Baha has said "is The most im-
portant work in America today," is no favor to
God it is the highest 19161/'iZege of our day. They
of other ages had not this high opportunity. The
days are Speeding fast; the work is great.
You are presented with the 0-pp-ortunity of be-
stowing your su-bstan-ce upon an Eternal and
Dir1'z'ne Object.
Who has watched the newspapers of the
day, wherein is mirrored the condition of the
world in these perilous ti-mes, and not caught
a glimpse of the necessity for the erection of
such an Edifice a.s the 
with its doors ever open to all, no matter of
what race, color, sect or religion? _ln this cru-
cial hour are not the hearts crying out for
such a Door of Hope and Place of Refuge?
To- the discerning mind, such a Building stands
for mo-re than a sentiment; more than an
ensign of a new era; it sltands for the oneness
of the world of humanity and the salvation of
humankind. Therefore, it behooves every
discerning one to assist to the lirn-it of his
ability.
--T/ie Editors.

