STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall berthese fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Azamat 1, 70 (May 17, 1914) No. 4

SIXTH ANNUAL CONVENTION OF BAHAI TEMPLE UNITY
CHICAGO, APRIL 25-28, 1914
By ALFRED E. LUNT
"Verity, the founding of the Malshrak-el-Azkar will mark the inception of the Kingdom of
God on earth. I is the evident standard waving in the center of that great continent of Amer-
ica. Its gates will be flung wide to mankind; prejudice towards none, love for all."
AST and west, Atlantic and Pacific, north
and south met in loving union when the
Bahai delegates, hastening from all parts
of the Occident, assembled in Chicago, Satur-
day, April 25th, 1914, for the Sixth Annual
Convention of Bahai Temple Unity. Seattle and
Spokane shook hands with Boston and New
York, likewise Montreal with Washington and
Cincinnati, while the representatives of the
more central cities sat down together in fam-
ily counsel. Far away London sent its greet-
ings in the much enjoyed presence of Miss
Jack, and the beloved Egyptian village of Ram-
leh, dear to the heart of every Bahai, was
brought near by the presence of Mrs. Isabel
Frazer, a pilgrim recently returned from that
favored spot.
But these Conventions, unique and peerless
in the assemblies of mankind, possess a quality
more significant than the mere gathering of a
few score of people from all parts of America.
For the invisible but potent threads of love--
the susceptibilities of the hearts of thousands
carried by each delegate, each, as it were,
a winged messenger harnessed to a hundred
shimmering threads streaming out from the
Assembly at home, until as the delegates meet
in the Convention city the spiritual sees a
vast network stretching far and wide in every
direction; threads which are woven into the
"robe of love," concerning which His Holiness
has counselled the believers to
"sew." And these threads are vibrant with
life without which the Convention would be as
nothing, for the life of the Convention is the
life of the hearts of all, those hearts which in
turn are pulsating with the Divine Life pour-
ing forth from the Dayspring of Mercy, the
Sun of Truth and Reality. Therefore these
Conventio-nis have neither latitude nor longitude,
--ABDUL-BAHA ABBA5.
nor are they limited geographically, but in them
the Oneness of God, and the oneness of hu-
manity must be realized--for in reality this
network of liive, which is here spoken of, has
no termina~tion in the Occidental Assemblies,
but rather girdles the earth, entering all the
continents and countries and finding its center
in that Holy Threshold which is also its source.
>t 
The Chicago Committee, with characteristic
hospitality, engaged headquarters at the Great
Northern Hotel throughout Saturday' for the
convenience of arriving delegates and friends.
At 12 o'c1ock noon, Mrs. Corinne True wel-
comed active and honorary members of the
Unity at her home, 5338 Kenmore Avenue, where
a delightful luncheon was served, followed by
a business session of the Executive Board, un-
til at 4 o'cl-ock Mrs. True opened her doors
wide for the stream of delegates, visiting
friends and the many members of the Chicago
Assembly who attended the reception an-
nounced for that hour. Here passed more than
two hours of renewing interrupted friendships,
the exchange of the news of the Cause in va-
rious regions, and a right happy time. Refresh-
ments and music added to the good cheer, and
happy, shining faces furnished proof that the
Glad-tidings, which were the real cause of this
meeting, were in each heart.
At the corner of Michigan Avenue and
Twelfth Street, far down town, on the second
floor of a large building is the "Noontide
Club." At this spot, at 8 o'clock p. a
large company of the friends sat clown at long
tables to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the
Feast of El-Rizwall. This gathering was in
charge of the Chicago Assembly, and was pre-
sided over by Mr. Alb-ert R. VVindust, whom all
know and love as one of the editors of the

