122 STAR OF
ness of the world of humanity be pitched, all
mankind be gathered under its protecting
shade, and the shining star of the eternal felic-
ity and happiness of the world of humanity
may dawn with the utmost of brilliancy from
the horizon of international comity, and the
luminous orb of the spiritual brotherhood of
THE WEST
all races and tongues may illumine that united
gathering of humaniy with the ineffable lights
of God throughout countless ages and cycles.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Translated -by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, July 19,
1913, Port Said, Egypt.
FOR TI-IE SAKE OF GOD AND FOR THE IMPROVEMENT OF 
[Continued from page 119]
His crucifixion. The present is always unim-
p-ortant, but we must make our present so
filled with mighty, altruistic deeds as to assume
significant weight and momentous importance
in the future. A shallow present will surely
be followed by a superficial future. Christo-
pher Columbus and his idea, before the dis-
covery of America, were ridiculed and scoffed
at, and he spent the last days of his eventful
life in poverty, shame and prison. But now in
whatever city I enter I see the houses, the
parks, the streets and pub-lic buildings adorned
with his picture and statue. All the prophets,
philosophers, benefactors of the human race,
leaders of great reforms, scientists, inventors
and discoverers were not duly appreciated in
their own days; nay, rather, they were perse-
cuted, maligned, thrown into prison and if
possible put to death. The fact is they should
have honored and adored them; but the people
are not, as a whole, worthy to worship the
reality; they apotheosize the phantasm--a sup-
posed image formed by their minds.' 
 -
TALK WITH A JEWISH RABBI
From the Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, May 19, 1914.
HIS morning, Abdul-Baha went down
stairs, and for nearly an hour he was
walking in front of the hotel, watching
the crowds of Jews who were selling cucum-
bers. Then a Jewish Rabbi, no-ted for his
learning, called on him, and he invited him to
come up and sit on the veranda. After a few
preliminary questions about his own health and
that of his relatives, Abdul-Baha asked him
point-blank: "How long are you Jews going
to wait for the coming of the Messiah? Day
and night you are praying in your Synagogues
to hasten His coming. Is He deaf that He
does not hear your invocations? Do you im-
agine that His hands are tied? He came two
thousand years ago, but you were then so-und
asleep and are yet afflicted with the same dis-
ease. Why do ye not open your eyes 
The Rabbi replied: "The Christians claim
that jesus was the Son of God. Now if that
was really so, would we have crucified Him?"
Then Abdul-Baha answered: "The title of
sonship is first claimed 'by the Israelites. There
are many references in the Old Testament as
to their being the sons of God. In the Psalms
the title of the Son is given to David. Nay,
rather, if you read Exodus, Chapter 4, v. 16,
Chapter 32, v. 1-23, Chapter 7, v. 1, you will
realize that the appellation of 'God' is given
to persons and things. In the Book of Job you
will read also that 'there was a clay when the
sons of God came to present themselves before
the Lord.' No-w you who claim to b-e the sons
of God and the first-born of Israel rose first
in rebellion against God, Moses and Aaron.
For we read in Numbers, Chapter 14, v. 
'And all the children of Israel m.urmured
against Moses and against Aaron; and the
whole congregation said unto them: Would
God that we had died in the land of Egypt!
or would God that we had died in this wilder-
ness! and Wherefore hath the Lord brought
us unto this land. . . . Chapter 11, v. 4
and 5: 'And the children of Israel also wept
again, and said: Who shall give us flesh to
eat? We remember the fish, which we did eat
in Egypt; the cucumbers and the melons, and
the leeks, and the onions and the garlick.' And
when Moses and Aaron tried to remonstrate
with you: 'All the congregation bade stone
them with stones.' Moreover you cut to pieces
Isaiah the prophet, and beheaded John the son
of Zechariah. All these facts go far to show
that you must not consider it an impossible
thing for the Jews to crucify the So-n of God."
Then with warmth and eloquence he pre-
sented to him the irrefutable proofs concerning
the validity of Christ, as he did in the Syna-
gogues of America, and how divine education
is essential for the progress of any nation.
The Rabbi was dumbfounded, and could not
say a word to contradict the arguments of
Abdul-Baha.

