STAR OF THE WEST 23
utter a word of gratitude for such souls since
most of us know Something of the desperate
and tragic circumstances from which this great
Persian message of Love and Unity emerged.
Not since the days of early religious persecu-
tions have we a parallel to the awful cruelties
to which these Persian Theists were subjected.
Appalled, we learn again of man's inhumanity
to man. Appalled and awed we have to know that
over 20,000 is the roll call of souls crushed
and tortured out of existence in Persia. And
why, we may ask? Because they preached
and practiced_exactly what you here in this
hall are saying and thinking today unmolested.
They diedyfor daring to raise a voice in the
interests of liberal religion, for daring to raise
the standard of progress and unity. God's
noble army of pioneers belonging to that an-
cient Indo-Iranian race, Babis, or Bahais, per-
ished for the ideals of truth and religious re-
form. Surely will the eternal \/Vord raise up
to their glory and self sacrifice an indestructi-
ble monument of love, one which the future
races shall acclaim with reverence wherever
history shall mention the term Bahai. 'They
were the friends o-f God and their death hat-h
not been in vain,' may be the inscription.
"One point more of high importance I should
crave permission to touch upon before I con-
clude, viz., the question of woman's advance in
our future schemes of progress and unity.
Here again can Persian womanliood show that
our eastern sisters were equal in every respect
to their men when stupendous calls of duty
and courage were made. Acts of unparalleled
heroism were manifested on the part of wives.
sisters, mothers in the Bahai cause. 
has this new dispensation been designated as
the dawn of the woman's era and while in the
West she is struggling for economic and con-
stitutional rights, in the East her claims to
advance are of the more spiritual order.
"The greatest woman of her day (and purs)
was the martyred poetess and philosopher of
Persia, Kuratul'Ain, follower of the BAB and
co-worker to usher in His gospel.
"She has been frequently styled the 'Joan
of Arc' of Persia. Before meeting with a
barbarous death at the hands of the ill-
wishers, she lbraved calurnny and family ruin in
her stand for equal privileges in religious in-
struction for her -sex, and in the emancipation
of their lives from the legalized slavery of
their position. Her determination to speak
u.pon deep religious themes to hearers of the
opposite sex (doctors in theology) brought her,
like her sister in earlier Greek times, the won-
derful Hypatia, to a savage end. Let the glo-
rious fame of such heroines enable us to re-
alize that the woman too may rise to unex-
pected heights and she should be helped to
utilize her o-wn particular powers for the bene-
fit of the social life. To keep the future moth-
ers of the race in ignorance, ineptitude or big-
otry is to stultify and rob man of half his
forces for good.
"In these days girl children should receive
as much educative attention as boys so that
the mind of the mother may be able to help
and not hamper the "growing minds of her
children. This problem of raising the standard
of female education on practical lines in the
East is one for you here to think out and act
upon."
[Editorial in The Sind Gazette, December 24, 1913.]
A rather remarkable visitor to more remarkable than any of the Congress
and Conference Mrs. Stannard, the Bahai missionary. This gifted lady, who
has studied all the religions of the world, and all the philosophies, and has come to the con-
clusion, not that they are all wrong, but that they are all right, has a new gospel to preach-
not -her own, but that of her Master, Abdul-Baha, the head of the Bahai religious movement.
[From The Bombay Chronicle, February 7, 1914.]
TENETS OF BAHAISM
Lectures in Bombay.
WO more lectures on the teachings and
principles of the Bahai Movement were
delivered recently at the Persian Hall in
Forbes Street, by Mrs. Stannard and Mrs.
Getsinger. Elucidations upon the tenets of
the faith as these touch the religious and hu-
manitarian standpoint may be summarized as
declaring the essential unity of all religions
and the oneness of humanity. Religious, and
social unrest generally went together, declared
one of the speakers, and so the social teachings
laid down by the founder, re-
veal the rare genius of combining social ethics
with religious law.
[Continued on page 26]

