20 STAR OF
There are only twenty-nine cities with 100,000
population or more, and only 2 per cent of the
population live in these cities.
One hundred an-d ninety-one millions of the
population are supported by agriculture. India
is the larlgest exporter of rice in the world.
I-Ier system of irrigation is first in the world.
THE WEST
India's trade has developed during the last
half century from $300,000,000 to over 
400,000,000.
There are 32,000 miles of railroad in op-
eration carrying 330,000,000 passengers an-
nua.lly at five miles for 1 cent; also there are
72,000 miles of telegraph lines.
NEEDS THESE PRINCIPLES OF TOLERATION AND
LIBERALISM 
Extracts from an Address delivered by Abdul-Baha in New York city, December 2,1912.
[The complete Address was published in the STAR OF THE WEST, No. 15, Vol. 
LL the teachings which have been given
A during the past dispensations are to be
found in the Revelation of 
but in addition to those, this Revelation has
certain new teachings which are not found in
any of the religious books of the past.
I shall now refer to some of the new teach-
ings given by as for the rest of
them you may obtain them from the Tablets
and Books* written by 
Oneness of the World of Humanity
The Oneness of the world of humanity is
one of the teachings of for
addresses Himself to the world
of men, saying, "Ye are all leaves of one tree
a.nd the fruits of one arbor." That is, the
World. of existence is no other than one tree,
and the nations or peoples are like unto the
different branches or limbs thereof, and human
individuals are similar to the fruits and blos-
soms thereof. Thus, presented
the Oneness of the world of hum-anity, while
in all past religious Books and Epistles, the
world of humanity has been divided into tw'o
parts; one called the people of the Book, or the
Pure Tree, and the other, the Evil Tree. One-
half of the people of the world Were loo-ketl
upon as belonging to the faithful, and the other
half as belonging to the irreligious and the infi-
del; one-half of the people were consigned to
the mercy of their Creator, and the other half
were considered as objects of the wrath of their
Maker. But His Holiness, pro-
claimed the Oneness of the world of humanity,
and -this teaching is specialized to the teachings
of for He submerged all mankind
in the Sea of Divine Generosity. At most
some of the people are asleep, they need to be
awakened; some of them are ill, they need to
be healed; some are children, they need to be
ii
-36- See Tablets and Books entitled: "Hidden Words,"
'Tablet of Glad-Tidings" "Words of Paradise" "Tablet
of Tajalliat," Kitab-el-Akdas," etc.
trained. In a word: this teaching is a special
one of the teachings of 
Independent Investigation of Truth
As to the second teaching which is a new
One given by it is the injunction
to investigate Truth,--that is, no man should
follow 'blindly his ancestors and forefathers.
Nay, each must see with his own eyes, hear
with his own ears, and investigate Truth in
order that he may find the Truth ;--whereas
the religion of forefathers and ancestors is
based upon blind imitation, while man should
investigate the Truth. This again is one of
the teachings of 
The Foundation of all Religions is One
The third teaching of which is
new for this Day, is that the foundation of all
the Religions of God is One, and that Oneness
is the Truth, and the Truth is but One, and it
cannot be made plural. This teaching is again
special to 
Religion must be the Cause of Unity
The fourth teaching of which
is special for this Day, is that religion must
be the cause of unity, harmony and accord
amongst men. If religion be the cause of in-
harmony, or leads to separating men one from
the other, and creates conflict amongst them,
then irreligion is better than that religion.
This again is likewise one of the teachings of

Religion must be in accord with
Science and Reason
The fifth teaching of which
is new for this Day, is that religion must be
in accord with s-cience and reason. If re-
ligion is not in conformity with science and
reason, then it is superstition. This is one of
the teachings of Down to the
present day it has been customary for man to
accept a thing because it was called religion,

