STAR OF THE WEST 7
meetings. This was only made possible through the grace and bestowal
of For under all circumstances the Sea of the Confirma-
tion of the Kingdom of ABHA was waving high and the cry of Abdul-Baha
ascended to the highest apex.
Undoubtedly you have read the contents of t'he American and European
newspapers which are mirrors reflecting the public opinion of other nations.
Verily, truth is that which is concurrently testified to by all wise men! The
contents of these magazines and newspapers are the traces of the pen of the
followers of Christ, the people of Moses, philosophers, professors and thinkers
of the West. For example, amongst them might be mentioned, the Pale
Altan, published in the town wherein the Leland Stanford University is
founded, the newspapers of Qxford, Christian Commonwealth, Century.
Herald, Standard, Review of Reviews, the Arabic newspapers of New York,
etc., etc. The philosophers, professors and literary men have expressed their
opinions concerning this Cause in these periodicals. This was again through
the mercy and providence of the Blessed Perfection whose Absolute Will
had ordained the promotion of the Cause of God in all parts of the world
and who confirmed this servant of the Threshold in this service.
In short, although Abdul-Baha considers himself as drop, yet this
drop is connected with the Most Great Sea. Although he looks upon himself
as an atom, yet this atom is related to the world-illuminating sun. As it is
said: "The Originator of all these voices is the King himself;" or in other
words: "It is through His assistance."
Unquestionably this physical body and human energy would have
been unable to stand this constant wear and tear, and were it not for the
support of the angel of Providence even the bones of this servant would have
mouldered away. But the aid' and help of His Highness the Desired Qne
was the Guardian and Protector of the weak and humble Abdul-Baha.
Through the many annoyances and inconveniences of the journey, physical
exhaustion was produced in the nerves and the various indispositio-ns caused
poor health, but the Spirit was so energized that this great weakness and
excessive feebleness disappeared in a short period of time, and ere long
Abdul-Baha will be occupied again with reading and writing.
However, back of this apparent silence and interruption of all corre--
spondence for the time being, there was hidden another wisdom. It was
this: That the believers of God might walls in the foot steps of Abdul-Baha
and raise such a melody and show forth such a firmness and steadfastness
that the diffusion of the Fragrance of God might continue whether he does
exist or not, nay, rather that all of them might roar like unto the sea and break
forth into joyous songs of thanksgiving. Thus these souls who are anticipat-
ing the death or departure of this servant at the Divine Threshold might be
afflicted with regret and remorse and realize that the exaltation of the
Blessed Cause and the increasing majesty of the Word of God does not
depend upon the existence of Abdul-Baha.
Praise be to God! How inscrutable are His waysl when His
Holiness the my life be a ransom to Him!--was martyred; the
enemies vociferously cried out that this Cause was totally annihilated!

