276 STAR OF
Fifth: The dead shall arise from their
tombs.
Sixth: Ferocious animals will make peace
with grazing animals.
Seventh: They will share the same pasture
and food.
Eighth: Children will play with poison-
ous serpents.
Ninth: The people of Israel, who in that
day shall have become scattered and humili-
ated throughout all the nations of the East
and Wes_t, will be again assembled together by
the Lord of Hosts, who will establish them
in their promised land and confer upon them
eternal glory and everlasting dominion.
These are, in short, some of the prophecies
which all the Israelitish prophets announced
THE WEST
taking to explain their meaning. Consequent~
ly the Christian doctors disagreed in their
interpretation of these holy books. Some said
that those promises were literal statements
and not subject to interpretation and must
therefore be fulfilled outwardly. Others
among the commentators stated that those
promises were symbolic and that they were
words requiring interpretation in order that
their real meaning might thereby become evi~
dent; i. that the "Seal of the Book" might
be opened in the "latter day." Six hundred
years after His Holiness Christ, the "Seal of
the Prophets" announced His mission and the
very same promises were again revealed in the
Koran. The same conditions and signs were
identically repeated. But again the Koran
i 
ST. MATTHEW XXIV.: 29-31.
(29) Immediately after the tribulation of those days shall the sun be darkened, and
the moon shall not give her light, and the stars shall fall from heaven and the powers
of the heavens shall be shaken: (30) And then shall appear the sign of the Son of
man in heaven: and then shall all the trib-es of the earth mourn, and they shall see the
Son of man coming in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory. (31) And he
shall send his angels with a great sou.nd of a trumpet, and they shall gather together
his elect from the four winds, from one end of heaven to the other.
ST. PETER, II EPISTLE 10-13.
(10) But the day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night; in the which the
heavens shall pass away with a great noise, and the elements' shall melt with fervent
heat, the earth also and the works that are therein shall be burned up. (11) Seeing
that all these things shall be dissolved, What manner of persons ought ye to be in all
holy conversation and godliness, (12) Looking for and hasting unto the coming (13) Nevertheless we, according to his promise, look for new
heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousnessnI*_Iul I
to their people and recorded in the-ir books.
They did not state however that these prom-
ises were to be taken in a literal sense With-
out symbolism and interpretation, or that the
symbolic texts were subject to commentary.
Fifteen hundred .years subsequent to the
time of His Holiness Moses, the very same
promises and signs were revealed by His Holi-
ness Christ--upon whom be glory! Consider
verses 29-31 of the twenty-fourth chapter of
St. Matthew and the tenth and eleventh verses.
of the third chapter of the Second Epistle of
Peter the Apostle, so that you may witness
the mention of these promises and signs with
the utmost clearness. Likewise His Holiness
Christ and His disciples confined themselves
to the mere mentioning of these signs, as was
done by the Israelitish Prophets, not under-
made no reference to the meaning intended
by those Prophecies, nor did it state whether
they were symbolic or subject to interpreta~
tion. Consequently, were a man to consider
what has been stated he would most clearly
find that the greatest obstacles against the
unification of nations have been these very
prophecies, glad-tidings, conditions and signs.
For the various peoples have been prevented
from uniting with each other because the
meanings intended by those prophecies were
not clear.
Although citing an illustration leads to
prolixity, yet we will do so for the purpose
of enlightening and further elucidating the
matter to the reader. For example, let us as~
sume that a Christian missionary should say
to a few: "Dear friend, why are you sleep--

