STAR OF THE WEST
Lord! Assist them in the promotion of Thy Glad-tidings between
the East of the world and the West thereof; inspire them to speak of Thy
glorification i-n the congregations of fellowship and enliven them to impart
the gospel of the appearance of Thy Kingdom in the zenith of the universe.
Thus, through mutual attraction, hot tears might flow from their eyes, their
hearts be drawn towards the refulgent Light of God, supplicating Thee,
beseeching in Thy Presence, their breasts expanded by the signs of Thy
Singleness and their visions clarified by perceiving the Standards of Thy
Victory amongst Thy creatures.
God! Suffer their joy to be in the glad-tiding of Thy Manifes-
tation; their happiness in the shining forth of Thy Light; their serenity in
the obtainment of Thy Favor, their health in the healing wonders of Thy
Name; their life in the Breaths of the Spirit of Thy Holiness; the consola-
tion of their hearts in the winning of Thy Bounty; their hope in the propa-
gation of Thy Cause and their aspirations in the promotion of Thy W0-rd.
Verily, Thou art the Confirmer, the Omnipotent, the Self-Subsistent,
the Giver, the Mighty and the Most Beautiful, and verily Thou art power-
ful over all things.
ye friends of Abdul-Baha! It has been sometime since correspond-
ence and letter-writing has been postponed, because this servant of the Thres-
hold of the Almighty~--Abdul--B been travelling continually through-
out the East and the West for the last four years, reminding the people of
the appearance of the Manifestation of the Lord of that the
Occident might become illumined and the Orient perfumed. Therefore, in
all the meetings and temples the cry of, reached
to the zenith of the Supreme Concourse and the Voice of, my Lord the
Supreme!" soared unremittingly towards the Court of His Highness the
Almighty. In the temples of many a nation the Cause of the Possessor of
Existence was taught and in the houses of the worship of many a religion
meetings were held for announcing the Signs of the Clement Lord. In the
Christian Churches the Spirit was breathed and in the Synagogues of the
Jews the Gospel of the Appearance of the Lord of Hosts was proclaimed.
in the Universities of Europe and America, such as the University of Oxford,
England, and the Leland Stanford University in San Francisco, California,
which are considered in the vanguard of educational institutions of the world,
eloquent addresses were delivered. In the last mentioned university there
were present one hundred and seventy>>-five professors and one thousand eight
hundred students. Many speeches were given before the various Theosoph-
ical, Spiritualistic and Esperanto Societies, and a speech was delivered before
the Open Forum in San Francisco, explaining the aim of Eastern and Western
systems of philosophies. In all these churches, temples, synagogues, meet-
ings and clubs, through the Favor and Bounty of the Blessed Perfection]?
there was not found one soul who could utter a word of opposition and
criticism. Every one listened most attentively to the explanation of teach-
ings and proofs, and all expressed thanks and gratitude at the end of the
""'Blessed Perfection: A title of 

