STAR OF THE WEST 217
Their voices will ring throughout the future
centuries and will be immortal and age--abid-
ing. ye God that ye are the heralds of
the Kingdom of Abha, the heralds of the Cove-
nant of the Almighty. All other voices will
he repressed but this harmonic song of the
Kingdom of Peace and Truth is eternal and
everlasting.
"Now, I desire to send you back to the
United States. I supplicate and beseech at the
Threshold of the Kingdom of ABBA that you

h-im in better physical health and spirits and he
confirmed that impression in the following
talk: "One of the things that ill-Wishers cir-
culated in London is that have grown old
and weak and that my physical forces are on
the wane, consequently some people have
gained ascendancy over my mind and caused
me to issue these commands.'
"My />0'we1* consists of the Bestowals of the
Blessed Beauty. They are all spiritual Favors
given to me by From early

- . . -
51/4, 54,- 
I 
we as 

'/nib" 
 

Abdul-Baha's handwriting--Facsimile of Tablet to American Bahais--English
translation appeared in No. 13 issue of the STAR on THE WEST.
may go forth into the world with a heavenly
power, with radiant hearts and with breaths
imbued with the Fragrances of the Holy Spirit!
May you be confirmed and assisted and may
you raise such a melody a11d sing such a song
as to stir and move the hearts of the American
people. I anticipate to receive glad-news from
you."
Abdul-l3al1a's farewell talk was given to us
Oct. 19th about four in the afternoon. \/Ve
were ushered into his room where he was writ-
ing the Tablet to the American friends (see
facsimile herewith). On being shown this
Tablet after our return a Persian scholar im-
mediately called our attention to the firmness
of the hand-Writing indicating the strength and
health of Abdul-Baha. Never have I seen
morning until now I have been reading and
writing and I am feeling exceedingly well.
Young people like you can only work three or
four hours without ceasing. When in America,
although I had a nervous fever, yet I attended
churches, meetings, conventions, speaking and
crying out at the top of my voice. Ne-vet was
I attacked -with a sfnritual weakness 01' inabil-
ity. In Budapest I had a high fever and a
severe cold. Notwithstanding this, from six
in the morning until twelve at night, I was
either speaking, calling on the people, address-
ing meetings or writing. At nine in the even-
ing there was a meeting on the top floor of a
high building in a remote part of the city.
A heavy snow was falling. It was very cold
weather. I had this cold and fever, but not-

