STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April9, 1911, at the post oflice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Editorial Staff: ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
i Honorary Member: AHMAD Senna); if if 7
Terms: $1.50 per year; 15 cents per copy
Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI SEIIVICE, P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, U, S. A.
To personal checlu please add sufficient to cover the exchange.
1 7" 7 
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS cool
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in_the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_1s small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDILL-BAHA ABBAS.
Vol. Asma 1, 70 (August 1, 1914) No. 8
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
[Revealed in 1913]
To the Editor of THE CHRISTIAN COMMONWEALTH, London, England.
HE IS Goo!
thou esteemed and kind friend!
After journeying throughout the United
States of America, and the great capitals and
metropolis of Europ-e, I have returned to the
East. With the results of this journey I am
most pleased and well satisfied--bec-ause I
met noble people and associated with worthy
souls, who are in reality the cause of honour
and glory to the world of humanity. They
were learned and wise, well-in-fo-1-med of
the realities of events and the well-wishers of
the human world, especially the advocates of
universal peace.
In these days the world of humanity is af-
flicted with a chronic disease. It is one of
bloodshed, the destruction of the divine edifice,
the demolition of cities and villages, the
slaughter of the noble youths of the world of
humanity, children becoming orphans and
women homeless and shelterless. What calam-
ity is greater than this? What crime is more
heinous than this? What disease is more dan-
gerous than this? What folly is more direful
than this?
Consider that in former days there were only
religious wars, but now there are racial and
political wars fought at staggering expense and
sacrifice. A thousand times alas for this ig-
norance, this bloodthirstiness and ferocity! I
became pleased -with and grateful to the socie-
ties which are organized in the West for the
promotion of universal peace, and with whose
presidents, officers and members I frequently
conversed. I hope that the sphere of the activ-
ities of these societies may become from day
to day enlarged; so that the lights of the higher
ideals may illumine all regions, the oneness of
the world of humanity be proclaimed in the
East and in the West, and the world of human-
ity may attain to composure and well-being.
These revered souls who are the servants of
the world of humanity and the promoters of
the cause of universal peace shall ere long shine
like brilliant stars from the horizon of man-
kind, flooding the regions with their glorious
lights.
In the past century freedom was proclaimed,
and the foundation of liberty was laid in all
the Western countries. Praise be to God that
the sun of justice shone forth and the darkness
of despotism and tyranny disappeared.
Now in this radiant century in which the
world of humanity is being matu-red it is as-
sured that the Flag of Universal Peace shall
become unfurled and shall wave over all re-
gions of the globe. This is the most great
principle of Baha'o'1lah, for the promotion of
which all the Bahais are ready to sacrifice their
possessions and their lives.
Notwithstanding my bodily weakness and
infirmity, I have traveled East and West for
the last three years. In every temple I cried
out and before every audience I raised my
vo-ice for the enlistment of their sympathy. I

