STAR OF THE WEST 245
grief and endless sorrows and the nerve-racking sighs and the just complaints of
fathers ascend to the Throne of the Almighty.
Ah me! The world of creation is totally deprived of its normal rest; the
clash of arms and the sound of murderous guns and cannon are being heard like
the roaring of thunder across the heavenly tract, and the explosive materials have
changed the battlefields into yawning graveyards, burying for eternity the corpes
of thousands upon thousands of youths--the flower of many countries who would
have been evolving factors in the civilizationof the future.
The results of this crime committ-ed against humanity are worse than
whatever I may say and ca11 never be adequately described by pen or by tongue.
ye of the world! Be ye pitiful toward mamkiud! ye
iiatious of the earth, behold ye the battlefields of slaughter and ca-ruage; ye
sages of investigate the conditi-You-s of the oppressed;
ye philosophers of the I/Vest, study profoundly the causes that led to this
gigautic, struggle'; ye wise leaders of the globe, reflect deeply so
that ye may fiu-d au autidote for the suppression of this chrouic, dez/astatilng d!is--
ease; ye individuals of humanity-, find ye means for the stoppage of this whole-
sale murder and bloodshed. Now is th-e appointed time Now is the o~pp'ortuue.
time! Arise ye", shew ye au efiort, put ye forward am extralordiuurry power, and
uufurl ye the Flag of U11-viz/ersal Peace amd dam the irresistible fury of this raging
torreut which is wreaikirig havoc and ruin everywhere!
Although this captive has been in the prison of despotism for forty years,
yet he has never been so sad and stricken with regret and grief as in these days.
My spirit is aflame and burning; my heart is broken, mournful, heavy and
despondent; my eyes are weeping and my soul is on fire. Oh! I am so bowed
down and sorrowful.
people! Weep and cry, lament and bemoan your fate. Then hasten ye,
hasten perchance ye may become able to extinguish with the water o-f the
new-born ideals of spiritual democracy and celestial freedom, this many-flamed,
world-consuming fire, and th-rough your heaven-inspired resolution you may usher
in the Golden Era of International Solidarity and World Confederation.
kind God! Hearken to the cry 0-f these helpless nations! pure- Lord,
show Thy pity to these orphaned children! incomparable Almighty, stop this
destructive torrent! Creator of the world and the inhabitants thereof, cause
the extinction of this burning fire! Listener to our cries, come to the rescue
of the orphans! Ideal Comforter, console the mothers Whose hearts are torn
and whose souls are filled with the blood of irremediable loss! Clement and
Merciful, grant the blessing of Thy grace to the weeping eyes and burning hearts
of the fathers. Restore calmness to this surging tempest and change this world-
encircling war into Peace and Conciliation.
Verily, Thou art the Omnipotent and the Powerful and, verily, Thou art the
Seer and the Hearer!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, October 4, 1914, Acca, Syria.

