STAR OP THE WEST
FROM THE OF THE 
It is revealed in the Kitab--el~AIi-clas concerning this, that which from the Hori--
zons of its Words, the Lights of the Divine Bounties gleam, rise and glitter 
My Branches! In this Existent Being the greatest strength and the most
perfect power is hidden and concealed; look towards it and gaze in the direction
of its union and not at its seeming differences. This is the TESTAMENT OF GOD:
that the Branches (Aghsan), Twigs (Afnan), and Relations (Muntessabeen),
must each and every one look lo the Greatest Branch (Ghusn Azam). Reflect
upon that which is revealed in My Book, The the Ocean of My
Presence hath disappeared and the Book of Origin is achieved to the end, turn
your faces towards Him whom GOD h.ath purposed, \X/'ho hath branched from
this PIfe--EXistent Root." The aim of this blessed verse hath he-en the Greatest
Branch. We have likewise elucidated the Command as a favor from before Us;
and I am the Generous, the All-Dispenser!
FROM TABLET OF THE BRANC 
Verily a hath gone forth in favor from the Most Great Tablet and
GOD hath adorned it with the Mantle of Himself and made it Sovereign over all
in the earth and a Sign of His Grandeur and Omnipotence among the creatures;
in order that, through it, the people shall praise their Lord the Mighty, the Pow-
erful, the Wise; and that, through it, they shall glorify their Creator and sanctify
the Self of GOD which standeth within all things. Verily this is naught but a
Revelation upon the part of the Wise, the Ancient One! Say: people, praise
ye Goo for its Manifestation (THE. BRANCH), for verily it (THE. BRANCH)
is the Most Great Favor upon you and the Most Perfect Blessing upon you; and
through him every mould-ering bone is quickened. whosoever turns to him hath
surely turned unto GOD and whosoever turneth away from him hath turned away
from My Beauty, denied My Proof and is of those who transgress. Verily, he is
the Remembrance of GOD amongst you and His Trust within you and His Mani-
festation unto you and His Appearance among the servants who are nigh. Thus
have I been commanded to convey to you the Mess-age of GOD, your Creator; and
I have delivered to you that of which I was commanded. whereupon, thereunto
testifieth GOD, then His Angels, then His Messengers, and then His Holy Servants.
Inhale the fragrance of the Rizwan from his roses and be not of those who
are deprived. Appreciate the Bounty of G0-D upon you and be not veiled there-
from~and verily We have sent him forth in the temple of man. Thus praise ye
the Lord, the Qriginator of whatsoever He willeth through His wise and inviolable
command!
Verily those who withhold themselves from the Shelter of THE BRANCH are
indeed lost in the wildemess of are consumed by the 'heat of self-
are of those who perish.
Hasten, people, unto the Shelter of GOD, in order that He may protect
you from the heat of the Day whereon none shall find for himself any refuge or
shelter except beneath the Shelter of His Name, the Clement, the Forgiving. Clothe
yourselves, people, with the Garment of Assurance, in order that He may pro--
tect you from the dart of doubts and superstitions, and that ye may be of those
who are assured in those days wherein none shall ever be assured and none shall
be firmly established in the Cause except by severing himself from all that is
possessed by the people and turning unto the Holy and Radiant Outlook.

