282 STAR OF
words. Verily God has forgiven the past.
Hereafter all must utter that which is seemly.
Shun anathema, execration and that whereby
man is perturbed. The station of man is great.
Some time ago this lofty -word was revealed
from the treasury of the Pen of ABHA: 
day is a great, blessed Day! That which was
latent in man is today revealed and become
manifest. The station of man is great, should
he adhere to veracity and truth and remain
firm and steadfast in the Cause.' 
Every intelligent soul who reflects upon this
utterance: "Verily, God has forgiven the past;
hereafter all must utter that which is seem-
ly," "Shun anathema, execration and that
whereby man is perturbed," will clearly see
how emphatic an ordinance has been given
forth ratifying the prohibition of anathema
and execration. Because according to the law
current among the people of knowledge, the
purport of this blessed utterance is an explicit
prohibition concerning anathema and execra-
tion.
The intended purpose thereof is the unpar-
donable position of the one who violates this
mighty command and decisive blessed ordi-
nance.
In this case, to the people of insight it is
evident, manifest and firmly established that
the prohibition as regards anathema and exe-
cration is an especialized ordinance and one
of the particular commandments of this great-
est Dispensation. Thus, through the fav-or of
God the Most High, from the traces of the
Supreme Pen, this unseemly action and the
ordeals resulting therefrom may disap-pear
from among the people of the world and the
glad-tidings recorded in the third verse of the
22nd chapter of the Revelation of St. John
concerning the events of the day of Manifesta-
"Hereafter there shall be no
more cursing," shall be realized.
Eighth: Prohibition of the carrying of arms
except in time of necessity. This ordinance
is not to. be found in other religions, but in
the Bahai religion it is considered as one of
the imperative and essential commands. The
great utility of this law is most evident and
manifest. I-low many souls who were unable to
control excessive anger have given vent to it
by the use of arms ready at hand? If the
murderer had not been armed, often after one
hour the violence of his anger would have sub-
sided and no crime would have resulted.
These are the minor evil results of carrying
arms. There are other greater evils continu-
ally manifested by people who carry arms,
THE WEST
which are productive of great revolutions and
excessive losses for the government and na-
tions. The details of this are not in keeping
with brevity and are conducive to prolonga-
tion, neverthless the afflictions of the nations
and ordeals of the people are evident to men
of perception.
Ninth: The question relative to the neces-
sity of the creation of the House of Justice
and instimtzion of National Assemblies and
This command is
likewise specialized to this evident religion and
is not mentioned in the others. For under
other religions it is possible fo-r despotic gov-
ernments to be restored and founded, because
the love of the permanence, establishment and
endurance of religious ordinances and the fear
of going contrary to them is so deeply rooted
in human souls, by reason of the fear of God,
that they would not pass away in a thousand
years and would not be superseded except
through the renewal of the religion and the
reform of laws.

In short, these are some of the especial com-
mands of the Bahai religion which the writer
of these lines has submitted in accordance
with this opportune occasion. The considera-
tion of brevity has made it necessary to omit
the mentioning of other special commandments
in this Most Great Dispensation.
Among them are ethics and conditions requi-
site for a wife's knowledge of her traveling
or absent husband. Another concerns the pro-
hibition of haughtiness and egoism. Another
is a command as to purity of all things, with
recommendation and encouragement to observe
sanitary measures and cleanliness, and to shun
utterly all that tends to filth and uncleanness.
Among them is a command directing the agree-
ment of nations in the abolition of warfare
and battles, and the conservation of the con-
ditions of security and peace. Many such
commands exist, the words of amplification
and detail of which are beyond the limits of
this occasion. For justice to this most im-
portant subject would necessitate the compila-
tion of a large volume and not a short article.
But although the article may assume more
proportion, I am forced, nevertheless,
to remind the people of knowledge of one dis-
tinguishing feature of the many in the Bahai
the 'radiant sight (insight)
may attain to the great bestowal of this Most
Supreme Cause, and the pure tongue may utter
thanksgiving and praise to God, the Blessed,
the Sublime!

