STAR OF THE WEST 295
TABLETS TO DANIEL JENKYN
Through his honor Mirza Ali Akbar Rafsan-
jani, to his honor Mr. Daniel Ienkyn.
Upon him be 
I-IE IS 
thou who art confiwned by the Divine Spirit.'
A thousand times bravo because thou didst
forego the physical comfort and rest in order
to proclaim the glad-tidings of the heavenly
illumination. Thou didst gird up the loins of
service and traveled to Holland to diffuse the
Fragrances of God. Shouldst thou realize how
blessed is this trip, unquestionably thou
wouldst not rest -for one moment, and uninter-
ruptedly thou wouldst engage in the promotion
of the Cause of the Almighty. Thou didst well
to hasten from London to Holland.
Witli his heart and spirit Abdul-Baha was
thy guide and companion. Although in body
he was far, yet in spirit he was near. I hope
from the bestowals of the Lord of Hosts, His
Holiness the Promised One, 'that this voyage
may assume the importance of the voyage of
Peter and Paul when the latter Went to Anti-
och. Consider vyhat important results that voy-
age had. Now the results of thy journey will
be greater than that. Know thou this of a cer-
tainty. Upon thee be Baha-el--ABHAl
(Signed) ABBAS.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
Nov. 19, 1913, Ramleh. Egypt.
Through Aga Mirza Lotfullah Hakim, London,
to Mr. Daniel Ienkyn.
Upon him be 
HE IS son!
thou who art attracied to the Tm2'h./
Many of the philosophers of the world and
the great men of different nations wished to
attain the Truth, but they were deprived. Then
praise thou God that thou hast reached to the
essence of the Truth and thou hast heard the
proclamation of the Kingdom and the teachings
of the Lord of Hosts. Through this great
favor thou hast prospered and become vic-
torious.
I pray, on thy behalf, that thou mayest be-
come the proclaimer of God in that city, that
thou mayest awake the sleepers and Warn the
negligent; that thou mayest become lighted
like a torch and bestow the light of guidance.
Upon thee be Baha-el-ABHA!
(Sig1/md) ABDUL-BAHA Annals,
IN MEM ORIUM
MRS. EVA WEBSTER RUSSELL, of Chi-
cago, died July ll, 1914, at Fernandina, Florida.
The nurse who attended her at the last wrote
as follows: learned to love her more and
more for her fortitude and firm belief in the
teachings of No murmur of
regret passed her lips and her constant prayer
was for release. As the last hours drew near,
she called on the Greatest Name, a heavenly
smile came over her face and lingered there.
Her resting place is -in a little cemetery, the
first of its kind in the United States."
MRS. CLARA at Boston,
Massachusetts, August, 1914.
MARY HELEN is to let
you know of the passing of our dear sister
in the Helen Hopper, the wife
of George S. Hopper and the mother of Guy
and Elizabeth Hopper, all Bahais, formerly
of Ithaca, New York. Many Will remember
her dear face with the light of another World
upon it through all those wonderful clays of
the last Mashrak-el-Azkar Convention. By
prayer and spiritually guided nursing this firm
soul has been kept with us until Wednesday,
September 23rd, and tomorrow there will be a
Bahai service in before the 
tabernacle of her faithful spirit is laid to rest
near her childhood's home at Fillmore, N. Y.
"Through all the long months of Wearing
illness her heart turned to the Center of the
Covenant with radiant faith, and it seems
especially significant that the last work of
her life was that of delegate to the Mashral<-
el-Azkar Convention, that Work His Holiness
Abdul-Baha has said is the most imporfam'
work in America beginning of the
foundation of the Cause she loved with all
her heart. Allah'o'Abha!
CLAUDIA STUART 
Washington, D. C., September 24, 1914.
SEYED at Teheran, Perisa.
in December, 1914 (see illustration in Persian
section). Seyed Sadik, husband of Faieza
Khanom, the famous woman teacher of Per-
sia, was the man who sent a blank sheet of
paper to Abdul-Baha on which was supposed
to be written certain questions. In reality, it
was a test. Complete answers were given by
Abdul-Baha, and Seyed Sadik became a Bahai.
Both he and his wife gave all they had to
Abdul-Baha, who in turn presented it for the
building of the Mashrak-el-Azkar in Ashka-
bad, Russia.

HARRIET January 16, 1915,
at Green Acre, Eliot, Maine. She was an
active worker in the Cause and for some time
was Secretary of the Woma11's Unity meeting
in New York City. She was especially inter-
ested in the education of a little Persian girl
through the VVoman's Unity, which Abdul-
(Continued on page 298)

