STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations: that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection andunity between the _sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversit of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled So it shall be these fruitle strif
- i 68'
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Elm 1, 70 (October 16, 1914-) No. 12
THE POWER OF LOVE AND PEACE BECOME PREDOMINANT,
THEIR EFFECTS WILL BE GREATER THAN THE
POWER OF HATE AND 
COMMENTS UPON THE WAR IN EUROPE
From the Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
Bahai Nest, Mount Carmel,
Haifa, Syria, August 6, 1914.
Dear friends 
"And ye shall hear of wars and rumors of
wars; see that ye b-e not troubled; for all these
things must come to pass. . . . . For nation
shall rise against nation, and kingdom against
kingdom; and there shall be famines, and pes-
tilences and earthquakes in divers places."
(Matt. ch. 24.)
The present conditions of the world are more
or less the literal fulfillment of the above
verses. A titanic spirit of unrest has overmas-
tered the higher instincts of mankind and they
are sharpening their arms for the destruction
of each other. The history of the world does
not show a more crucial and a more grave sit-
uation than this! We are face to face with
the most tremendous struggle of the race. It is
just beginning, and no one can safely predict
the consummation of this tragic engagement of
infuriated and maddened humanity. How these
VVesterners, who have made themselves fam-
ous for their finer sensibilities and refined and
delicate feelings, can engage so cold-bloocledly
in the business of the slaughtering of humanity,
is beyond the imagination of the practical think-
ers of this age!
Tonight Abdul-Baha delivered another quick-
ening and stimulating address on the question
of the present European War and the coalitions
which are being formed for the humiliation
and destruction of their so-called enemies.
When all the friends and the large body of the
Persian students found their way into his pres-
ence, and each person took his seat, he began
to speak. His earnestness was deep-felt and
every word moved and stirred the hearts 
"The gathering storm is most portentous! Mankind>> is gripped in the
paroxysm of a fearful alarm. They are in the throes of a deadly consternation.
On their ashen faces a-re engraved the distorted pictures of the co-ming horrors.
The kind shepherds have turned suddenly into ferocious Wolves, tearing the
sheep and the lambs into pieces. Mercy has hidden its fac-e; Love has covered
her countenance; Sympathy does not stretch forth its arms Affection has flown
away; Truth finds itself a stranger among a large company of hypocritical
admirers and Peace does not envisage herself in the clear mirror of the pure
hearts.
"About ten or fifteen days ago I had the pleasure of meeting the German
Consul and discussing With him the ominous signs of the coming European War.
He delivered himself of the opinion current among the statesmen, that a nation
must go on increasing its annual military and naval expenditures if it desires
to protect its growing commercial and national interests from the attack of its
equally powerful and expanding neighbors or rivals; that the greater the military
devices and paraphernalia, the more one is assured of the progress of the nation
and its constantly developing resources. In that meeting there were present a
nu-mber of German and other nationalities. Strange to say, on this question
they all agreed with the Consul, and concurred in his opinion as though he had
voiced their hidden and most cherished thoughts. I said: 'If the power of
Love and Peace become predominant and supreme, their effects will be greater
than the power of hate and Mars, the god of War. In the world of existence

