234 STAR OF THE WEST
PURPOSE OF THE COVENANT WAS SIMPLY TO WARD OFF 
(Continued from Page Z31)
nant." In all His Books, Writings and Epistles
this' has been revealed. Therefore, the Bahai
dispensation is distinguished. No one can cause
any differences. After Christ there Were vari-
ous sects, there were various denominations,
each one claiming to be the right one, and none
of them had any written document from Christ
--no proof from Him. Therefore each claimed
to be the right one, 'but with His
own pen, has written a Covenant and Testa-
ment in which He declares Himself, covenant-
ing that the one who is the Center of the Cov-
enant is the one to be turned to. Therefore
you must thank God that has made
the pathway straight. Everything He has il-
lustrated and every door He has opened for
you. There is no occasion for any hesitation
on the part of any soul. The purpose of the
Covenant was simply to ward off differences,
so no one can say, "My opinion is the valid
one." Any opinion expressed by the Center of
the Covenant is correct, and there is no way
for disobedience for anyone. You must be
very careful, perchance amongst you may be
those who will be nakazeen, the violators of
the Covenant. Do not listen to them. Read
the Book of the Covenant. All have been com-
manded to obey the Covenant, each and all,
and the first is addressed to the Branches. You
must turn to the Center--He is the Expounder
of the Book. Should any soul so clearly dis-
obey the Command, can he even say he is a
Bahai? If anyone should have disobeyed the
explicit Command of Christ, could he truth-
fully have said that he was a Christian? Im-
possible!
In conclusion I would say that I am well
pleased with you. I am very glad to meet you
all. I shall pray for you, seeking confirmation
from the Blessed Perfection, and you must be
grateful that--praise be to God has chos-
en you out of the people and that such glorious
bestowal and such endless graces and favors
have been specialized for your benefit. You
must not look at the present time, for this is
the beginning, as it was the beginning at the
time of Christ. Ere long you will see that you
will be distinguished among all the people. The
Divine Confirmation from all standpoints will
uphold you; the radiance of the Kingdom of
will illumine all your counte-
nances. The utmost gratitude must be ex-
pressed, and I am hopeful that after I leave
here I shall ever hear good news from you,
showing that the friends in Chicago are occu-
pied with the services of the Cause, are occu-
pied with the joy of promoting the Word of
God and are occupied in spreading the teach-
ings of they are kind to all peo-
ple and they exhibit the utmost love impartially
to all humanity. This is the one hope that I
have. This is the anticipation on my part and
I am sure you will endeavor so that all the
friends in Persia and I may experience the
utmost happiness. May you be a source source of our good
pleasure; may you be the source of great com-
fort, ease and composure.
MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR BUILDING FUND
Received previously, l8.6l; received during November, $519.50.
Total received to date, $6,638] l.
OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue con-
tains: (1) Tablet revealed by 
pertaining to Birthday Anniversay Feast; (2)
"The Birthday of by Mirza
Abdul--Kassim G. Shirazi, Egypt; (3) con-
tinuation of article from India; (4) brief ar-
ticle by the editor of Sind Gazette," (5) the
Teachings of (6) The Day of
the Lord and the war of the world; (7)
channels of correspondence closed; (8) arrival
of Mr. Remey and Mr. Latimer in America;
(9) "The Wolves in London," by Mirza Lot-
fulla Hakim; (10) Feast of the Anniversary
of Abdul-Baha's ascending the throne of The
Covenant; (11) translation of an article by the
editor of the Palo Alton Times in same paper;
(12) news of the death of Mirza Mohammed
Iavad, son of Hadji Mirza Hassan Khoras-
sani, of Cairo, Egypt; (13) Basheer, a servant
at Acca, stricken by the arrow of disaster.

