26 STAR OF THE WEST
TENETS OF BAHAISM
[Continued from page 23]
The following points dealt with by the lec-
turers may perhaps be cited as the most note-

There shall b-e no priesthood of the paid or
professional order.
Monogamy is enjoined; asceticism or the
hermit life in monasteries is forbidden.
Education is to be universal and the rich
or childless shall educate the children of the

The female child is to receive equal atten-
tion in this matter and equality of the sexes
declared.
Work is looked upon as an act of worship,
and is to be .found for all, for mendicity is
forbidden. The words written by the Founder
are as follows: "This is the day of deeds.
In this day deeds are preferable to words.
Deeds reveal the station of the man and he
whose words exceed his deeds verily, his non-
being is better than his being."
Brotherhood among the Bahais, we are told,
is regarded as. absolutely indispensable, irre-
spective of race, color, or religion, and there
must be no pretentious mental attitude, but a
real and living philosophy of life. All Mos-
lems, Christians, Iews, or Zoroastrian Bahais
should fraternize as one family, for they prac-
tice the two great Bahai ideals of unity and
love.
We learn that all the edicts of 
were laid down and revealed fifty years ago.
It is therefore interesting to find that He de-
clared a universal language was to be evolved
or chosen as an intermediary agent towards
the better understanding of peoples; also
that a court of arbitration should be formed
on international lines against war--turning the
Bahai attitude of religions amity upon these
problems, since they declare that all founders
of religions were chosen speakers for the good
enlightenment of people.
An argument presented by Abdul-Baha on
this subject when in the West was cited as
typical. We are told not to mistake the lamp
for the Light. Lamps or light carriers are
many and diverse whether in size, quality or
form, but light is essentially the same. It
varies only according to the degree allowed it
by the vehicle of its manifestation, whether
as a candle or an electric arc lamp. The world
should consider great religious founders or
thinkers as light-bearers and what they teach
should be the object of worship. The wisdom
with which they illu-mine their time and race
should be remembered, not their personalities.
Religions degenerate, because it is the invaria-
ble tendency in humanity to forget principles
enunciated by Founders and Worship the mate-
rial or historic aspect, neglecting the light in-
tended to be used. Light being one, it stands
for the analogy of truth, and all r_eligions are
woven around id-entical'ly similar principles.
The believe that teachers of these
higher orders come under Divine will in times
of greatest human needs and have their pre-
destined time and place. Since life may be
symbolized as a tree, declared
humanity to be the leaves, flowers and fruit
thereof, and in time humanity will consider it
as rationally inconceivable to fight and kill
one another as it would be for the leaves and
branches of a tree to quarrel with its blossoms
and fruit.
The Baheiis consider that the world has en-
tered on a new cycle and that all the teacl1-
ings of this Persian seer are ultimately des-
tined to work out for the good 0-f the social
and spiritual whole. It may perhaps be men-
tioned that the word or title 
means a quality or descriptive term signify-
ing "Glory or Splendor" (of God) and Abdul-
Bahia his son as "Servant of the GI0ry."
1-ii-ii
A WORD OF APPRECIATION FROM INDIA.
"The STAR or THE WEs'r is, indeed, a true
nightingale of the Rose-garden of ABHA and
its beloved notes vibrate with the messages of
the Beloved of all in the heavens and earths
Its contents give one renewed vigor to ad-
vance steadfastly on the Path which leads to
the glorious realm of ABHA, and the holy
words of The Center of The Covenant that
it promulgates, keep one always keyed up in the
field of service in His Most Beloved Cause
. . . . The STAR is awaited as a star of
hope and when it arrives, its rays penetrate
in the minds of those who await its arrival
with expectant hearts."
The Baheii Assembly of Rangoon.
March 16, 1914.

