STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post oflice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Editorial Slqfi: ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
7 Honorary Member: 7 
Terms: $1.50 per year; 15 cents per copy
Nou-- Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill" U, S. A.
To personal checks please add mllicient to cover the haul: exchangeAddress all communications to BAHA1 SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! ma 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness.
firmness!
(S lgned) ABDUL-BAHA AJSBAS.
Vol. Azamat 1, 70 (May 17, 1914-) No. 4
THE MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR IN AMERICA: A CALL
AN we of today 0-r realize
the miracles that are taking place in the
Bahai world? One. of the greatest of mir-
acles was witnessed at the Mashrak-cl-Azkar
Convention when delegates from so many parts
of the world gathered to celebrate the Fiftieth
or Golden Anniversary of the Declaration of
to the world.
Minds are unable to grasp the tremendous
transpositions that have occurred in the Bahai
Cause during that half-century. Fifty years
ago>>, in exile and banishment,
called to the kings and rulers of the earth to
obey God. His Epistles of Warning were not
heeded and many of them lost their crowns
because they did not listen to God's Mouth-
piece, as He had foretold.
Today, if we go to Europe, we will find the
Cause of this Exiled Prisoner growing and
spreading.>> Likewise, -in Asia, in Africa, and
in "new world" to the peoples
of the other every state of the
United States, from coast to coast, has His
Teaching been heard and in the great 1netropo--
lis of Chicago His followers gathered during
this Feast o-f El-Rizwan on a beautiful tract
of land purchased by the loving offerings of
men and Women from all parts of the globe,
upon which is to be erected a Supreme House
of Worship.
Truly, the Power of God alone could cause
this great miracle. But more is to be accom-
plished through this same Creative Power, and
that is: the erection of the Building. The fol-
lowers of BAVHAJOJI-LAH should not pause a
moment in the great endeavor to complete the
Abdul-Baha says, "the
most important thing in this day is the
SPEEDY ERECTION of the Edlfice. [ls
mystery is great and cannot be unveiled as yet.
In the .futm'e it will be mode plain."
A promise has co-me direct from Abdul-
Baha that he will return to America. He told
Zeenat Khanum, when leaving his presence, not
to feel sad, that he would see her in America.
$hall we sit -idly by and allow the golden mo-
ments to be wasted on non-essential matters?
Will we be found unprepared, when the Orb
of the Covenant returns to America?
A stated amount as a building fund has
been named. Is not this in itself a call t0- the
Bahais, singly and collectively, to make every
effort possible to raise the fund-P It is a call
to activity. Work, work, that the
"Greatest Branch" of God may dedicate the
foundation and lay the cowrner-stone of this Edi-
fice and pronounce a blessing upon it that will
give it a superlative degree of importance
throughout countless ages.
May the Fiftieth year of the Declaration of
be fitly commemorated by deeds
according to His wish and Command.
In order to make our present financial sys-
tem more business-like and safe, all remit-
tances should be made payable to Bahai Temple
Umty Respectfully submitted,
CORINNE TRUE, Financial Secretary of
Bahai Temple Unity, 5338 Kenmore
Avenue, Chicago.

