294 STAR OF
DANIEL LETTER
3 Bowling Green,
St. Ives, Cornwall, England,
Nov. 22, 1914.

My dear Loffullalz .-
I feel sure you have excused me for delay
in answering your kind letter of the lOth. I
have had an attack of influenza from which I
am quickly getting better and looking forward
soon to be in much better working order than
I have been of late.
Thanks for news of Remey and Latimer and
am delighted to hear of their mission in Amer-~
ica. How one longs to have been in Acca
during the two weeks they were there. Would
it not build one up to be strong against the
war forces that impregnate the atmosphere of
Europe! "The wrong side of human charac-
ter is up." "The World is topsy turvy!" as
Abdul-Baha says.
It is cheering to know that the friends in
Persia are progressing well and that they are
thinking and praying for us here in Europe.
Oh! if the Bahais were more in number and
more powerful in spirit so that they could have
prevented this carnage! We are not yet a
great influence in the world, as the beloved
Abdul-Baha wants to see, and yet he says: 
weak man can, through assistance, become a
strong man, a drop can become a sea . . . .
through the assistance of God any one of us
can perform wonders."
Are not the words very fine in the Tablet
to Mr. Joseph H. Hannen: "The members of
the Bahai Assemblies must be infinitely kind
towards each other and all their deliberations
must be concerning the Kingdom of ABHA.
. . . . The candles of all the meetings must
be the mention of God, the propagation of the
Cause of God, the exposition of Divine Proofs
and the elucidation of the principles of His
Holiness I thank you very much
for sending me this further installment of the
Diary which contains so many things to encour-
age and inspire us to work and to follow the
example of the beloved Abdul--Baha who labors
night and day for the cause of Peace and
Unity.
I have a postal card from the Rev. Worm-
hout, saying that he is in America.
Dr. Cheyne's book is very interesting and I
am in the course of reading it. Am delighted
to read his mention of you on page 164. I
enjoyed his reference to on page
5, "a true image of God and a true lover of
THE WEST
Lottullah S. Hakim Daniel Jenkyn
man." I will write other points that strike me,
another time.
But I must refer to Abdul-Baha's words in
the Diary, for they are very beautiful: "In
prayer one must turn his face towards the
sanctified Reality of His Holiness 
Reality which surrounds all the phe-
nomena. During the time of prayer His Holi-
ness, must be singly and alone
the center towards whom all the faces are
turned."
As you no doubt know, Miss Rosenberg is
here in St. Ives, but I have not been able to
see her yet. I hope to tomorrow or Tuesday,
if she can then call. Am also expecting a
visit from l\/Ir. W1'ight tomorrow.
We join in love to you and to all and may
the Feast of the Appointment of the Center
of the Covenant, on the 26th, be a blessed
one for all the friends. May we all on that
day resolve to follow him more closely and
lovingly!
Sincerely your brother in His service,
(Signed) DANIEL JENKYN.

