STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
talth and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences ofrace be annulled. So it shall be: these fruitlfiil ltriill.
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the Most Great Peace' shall 
ivoifv 1, 7O(November 23,1914) No.1;
TRUMPET CALL TO THE EAST AND WEST
TABLET FROM CENTER OF THE 

To the believers of God and the maid-servants of the Merciful!
Upon them be 
East and West.
the Kingdom of Grandeur and Majesty before the faces of Thy
beloved ones; overshadowed them with the wide-spreading Tree of
Thy Mercifulness; stirred them into cheerfulness by the Breezes of Accept-
ance from the Garden of Thy Singleness and caused the downpour of pure
Waters from the heaven of Thy Generosity, through which Thou didst
cleanse the hearts of Thy friends.
Thou didst resuscitate the spirit of those who have arisen in Thy service
with the Breaths of the Holy Spirit and reinforced them with the angels of
Thy Sanctification and the unseen Cohorts from the Supreme Concourse.
Verily, this was no other but a reinforcement from Thee and a fresh Con-
firmation on Thy part; in order that they might arise in the proclamation of
Thy Word, the diffusion of Thy Fragrances, the perusal of Thy Verses,
the promulgation of Thy Religion, the propagation of Thy Teachings, the
universalization of Thy Grace and the strengthening of Thy Covenant.
Verily, they have pitched on the apex of the world, the Tabernacle of Thy
Oneness, whose cords are unbreakable, under whose shade nations and peoples
shall dwell and which is glorified with the Bestowal of Thy Effulgence.
Lord! We are weak, fortify us with Thy Power; we are pris-
oners, shine upon us the Light of Thy Freedom!
God! This captive has no other protector save Thee; this afflicted
one has no other guardian except Thee, and this weak soul has no other
support beside Thee!
Lord! Lord! Grant endurance and fortitude to these broken
wings and brace and steel the nerves of these suppliant birds that they
may soar towards the apex of prosperity, wing their way through the immens-
ity o'f success to the highest station of worthiness, stretch forth their pinions
to reach the loftiest point in Thy ABHA Kingdom and the apogee of grandeur
in Thy Supreme Concourse: thus their eyes may be brightened by beholding
the lights and their ears be charmed by listening to the singing of the mysteries!
HE. IS 
GLORY be unto Thee, God! for Thou hast opened the Doors of

