STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes.
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Kalamat 1, 70 (July 13, 1914-) No. 7
ADDRESSES DELIVERED BY ABDUL-BAHA AT PHILADELPHIA
SUNDAY, JUNE 9, 1912
Dr. Ameen U. Fareed, interpreter; stenographic notes taken by Miss Edna McKinney
BY ABDUL--BAI-IA AT THE UNITARIAN
CHURCH, 15TH AND GIRARD Ava, PHILADEL-
PHIA, PA., SUNDAY JUNE 9, 1912.
Kenneth E. Evans, Pastor, briefly intro-
duced Ab-dul-Baha and in conclusion said: "We
welcome to- our church the dear soul of the
East, who comes to us with his message of fra-
ternity and faith."
ADDRESS BY ABDUL--BAHA.
COME here from distant countries, from
I Oriental cli-mes, from countries where the
lights of Heaven have ever shone forth,
from regions wherein the Manifestations of
God have appeared and the radiance and power
of God have become manifest. The intention
and purpose of my visit is that perchance a
bo-nd of unity and agreement may be estab-
lished between the East and the West, that
Divine love may encompass all, Divine radiance
enlighten both continents and the bounties of
the Holy Spirit shall revivify all. Therefore
I supplicate the thres-hold of God that the
Orient and the Occident may become as one,
that these vario-us peoples shall become one
people, that religions may become unified, that
all souls may beco-me as one soul, and that
they may be as the waves which represent
one sea. May they become as trees, as flowers
and roses which adorn and beautify the same
garden.
The realm of Divinity is an indivisible One-
ness and wholly sanctified above human grasp.
For the intellectual knowledge of creation is
finite, whereas the comprehension of Divinity
is infinite. How can the finite comprehen-d the
infinite? We are utter poverty, whereas the
Reality of Divinity is absolute wealth. How
can utter poverty ever grasp absolute wealth?
We are utter weakness, whereas the Reality of
Divinity is absolute pow=er. Utter weakness
can never attain nor comprehend absolute pow-
er. The phenomenal beings which are captives
of certain limitations are ever subject to trans-
formation and cha.nge from one condition to
another. How can such phenomenal beings
ever grasp the eternal, heavenly Reality? As-
sluredly it is an absolu-te impossibility, for when
we study the creational World we see that the
difference of degrees is a hindrance to such
comprehension. An inferior degree can never
comprehencl a degree superior thereto. For
example, the min-eral can never comprehend the
vegetable, no matter ho-w far it shall advance.
The vegetable, no matter how far it shall ad-
vance, cannot comprehend the reality of the
anim.al kingdom. In other words, it cannot
grasp a world that is endowed with the power
of the senses.- The animal, no matter how far
it shall advance, cannot grasp the human real-
ity, canno-tattain the power of intelligence and
ideation in man. Hen-ce it becomes evident
that differenc-e in degree is ever an obstacle to
COmp'1"6l'1611SlO11 an inferior degree cannot com-
prehend a degree superior thereto. This flower,
although it is so beautiful, fresh, fragrant and
delicately scented--altho-u.gh in the vegetable
kingdom it has attained 
less it cannot comprehend the human reality,
it cannot posses-s sight and hearing; so it is
unaware of the World of humanity, notwith-
standing both man and the flower are accidental
or conditional beings. The difference is the
difference of degree. This is the cause of that
no-n-comprehension, b-ecause the human degree
is superior and the degree of the flower in-
ferio-r.
This 'being so, how can the human reality,
which is limited, ever comprehend the eternal
unm-anifes>>t Creator? How can limited man ever
comprehend the unlimited Lord? There is no
doubt that he cannot, for whatever comes with-
in the human power of ideation, within. the
mind of men, is man's limited conception,
whereas the Divine realm is unlimited, in-finite.
But the Reality of Divinity has bestowed its
bounties upon all the phenomenal world. The

