STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post oflice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Editorial S!afl': ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Terms: $1.50 per year; 15 cents per copy
Note--Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Order! payable to BAHAI P, 0. Box 283, Chicago, 111,. U, S. A.
To personal check: pleue add sufficient to cover the bank exclunce.
i -- -
Address all communications to Bans! News SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.

ou tar of the West! rm Is cop! 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which IS organized in'the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_1s small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena. will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmnu-I,
firmness! (Signed) Annur.-Bum Anus.
Vol. Masheyat 1, 70 (September 27, 1914) No. 11
RECENT TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
Through Aga Mirza Lotfullah, London,
To the maid-servant of God, Miss Gamble.
Upon her be 
HE IS con!
thou beloved' divine maid-servant!
The letter, dated>> May 26th of the present year, was received, but on account of the Weak-
ened condition of Abdul~Baha the answer was delayed. Now, as through the help and favor
of God, health is secured, I therefore write the answer, so that thou mayest perceive that thou
art not forgotten. I ever remember thee and beg for thee from the Kingdom of ABHA ever-
lasting help and bounty.
I hope thou art of those who are firm in the Covenant and that thou wilt call the
people unto the Testament. The Blessed Beauty has established this Covenant so that all
(the Bahais) may know that whatsoever things proceed from the Pen of the Covenant (Abdul-
Baha) are based upon infinite wisdom. They should not hurry, for it (wisdom) will become
apparent and evident later on.
Abdul-Baha has ever been a concealer of defects and still is a coverer of sins and will not
attempt to publish the short-comings and the faults of any soul, but will rather keep them
secret. Therefore, to some the situation seems ambiguous, for they are ignorant of the reality
of the subject.
Should be (Abdul-Baha) not overlook them and explain all the events then there would
remain no doubt as to A-bdul--Baha's extreme kindness. How patient and long suffering he
(Abdul-Baha) is! If he ever utters a word or dictates something concerning a soul, it is a
matter of warning which arises from kindness.
It is an act of kindness on the part of a physician when he explains the disease of his
patient, for his explanation secures the recovery.
I swear by the God beside Whom there is no other God, were any one to amputate any of
my limbs, I would pardon him before he had committed the crifirle; but I can never say that an
invalid is robust and healthy, for I wish his recovery, and this 's extreme kindness not enmity.
Therefore, if the believers of God wish to be kind to a sdul, they should desire his well-
being and try to advise him, so that the kind physician may prescribe a remedy and thus secure
his recovery.
Upon thee be Baha-El-Anna!
(Signed) 
Translated at Mount Carmel, Haifa, Syria, August 24, 1914.

