STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post oflice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3. 1879.
Editorial Stafi: ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE ZIA M. BAGDADI
7_ HonorargiMem5e?' Mixes ff
Terms: $1.50 per year; 15 cents per copy
Nora -- Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, Ill" U, S. A.
To checlu please add ruliicient to cover the banl: exchange.

Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! ma IS cop! 
Be thou happyl Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet.shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers 'will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase. thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these _deoend upon firmness, firmness.
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA AnusVol. Mulk 1, 70 (February 7, 1915) No. 18
fear of falling, no one dares to persist in his
own opinion at the expense of harmony.
Fourth: Among the specific laws clearly
laid down in the Cause of is
the law prohibiting slavery. No mention of
this is made in other religions. As -none of
the former Heavenly Books has forbidden this
traihc all the humanitarian instincts which ac-
tuated the Great Powers to abolish and destroy
it could not withhold the common people from
this abominable practice, which has cost the
governments and nations great trouble and ex-
pense. For instance, the freeing of the slaves
constitutes one of the important responsibili-
ties of the Egyptian government. This neces-
sitates a heavy drain upon the state treasury.
Furthermore, the trial and indictment of those
guilty of this nefarious traffic brings great
affliction and often ruin upon many noted
families.
Fifth: Among the laws peculiar to this
Great Cause is the law making it "obligatory
npon all to engage in allowable professions as
a means of support, and obedience to this law
as on act of worship." Were a man
of insight to consider this strong command,
he would testify to the great benefit it con-
tributes towards regulating the affairs of civ-
ilization and removing impediments and calam-
ities from human society. For it is evident,
in this present day, that innumerable souls
designated as monks, anchorites, hermits, re-
ligious devotees, dignitaries and others, al-
though sound in body and limb, abstain from
occupation and trade, passing their time in in-
dolence and idleness and living upon the pro-
ceeds of other men's labor. In reality such
men are as atrophied limbs upon the body of
humanity and a heavy burden to the men of
industry and agriculture. When by a law of
religion these innumerable souls abandon idle-
ness and indolence and engage in useful occu-
pations, one can well realize how much this
will contribute to the common wealth and
remove the difficulties of the body-politic.
Sixth: The law making the education of
of both sexes compulsory. This law
is also one of the commands explicitly re-
vealed in this most great Cause, and concern-
ing which no mention is made in any of the
other religions. or in the other religions the
education of the masses is made dependent
upon the law' of the government. If in former
times a government would fail to issue a de-
cree providing for compulsory education, and
this failure would result in the decadence of
learning and knowledge, the nation would
take no thought of it, nor would the people
consider themselves and the government
responsible. For no law concerning this sub-
ject has been revealed in the Heavenly Books.
But when a law is laid down in the Heavenly
Book of a nation, every individual member
will consider himself bound to execute it, and
no one will fail to heed that law, for they wili
not be dependent upon the government to
carry it out.
Seventh: The command prohibiting cursing
and execration and making it obligatory upon
all to abstain from uttering that which may

