STAR OF THE WEST 169

din 
THORNTON CHASE
THIS time last year, the STAR or THE
A WEST, suggested that the Bahais through-
out America, in some befitting manner,
observe October nineteenth as "The Day of
Thornton Chase"--inasmuch as it was the an-
niversary of Abdul-Baha's visit to the grave
of Mr. Chase at Inglewood Cemetery, Los
Angeles, California--whom he eulogized in
these imperishable words:
"This revered personage was the first Bahai
in America. He served the a-use faithfully
and his services will ever be remembered
throughout ages and" cycles."
We would respectfully remind the friends
of the approach of the second anniversary of
this event. THE Enrrons.
WISDOM HAS ENCIRCLED 
Clipping from Newspaper, Fanwood, New Jersey, June 1, 1912
FAN WOOD HEARS PERSIAN SPEAKER
ABDUL-BAHA DISCOURSES UPON THE DOCTRINE OF
UNIVERSAL 
ESIDENTS of Fanwood borough had an
opportunity Saturday evening to hear
Abdul-Baha, a Persian, who has come to
this county to visit, after spending nearly forty
of his seventy years in prison in the Holy Land
for exploiting the doctrine of universal brother-
hood, the doctrine for which his father suffered

While in Fanwood he was the guest of Mr.
and Mrs. W. H. Hoar. He will make his home
for a time at least in Montclair.
After highly complimenting the citizens of
Fanwood for their beautiful homes and stating
that the town ought to be named Spiritville,
because of its spiritual atmosphere, he turned
to a discussion of the eternal verities, a synop-
sis of his address being as follows:
"Material objects in the material world are
subject to change, but the cause of The King-
dom is never-ending. Therefore it is the most
important. But alas! alas! day by day the
power of the kingdom is weakened, the material
forces of nature gain the ascendency. The di-
vine signs are becoming less and less and the
material powers more and more. It. has reached
such a degree that the materialists are daily
progressing and advancing, and the divine are
vanishing.
"Irreligion has conquered religion. The
reason for the chaotic condition lies in the dif-
ferences among the religions themselves, and
animosity and hatred among the sects and de-
nominations. The materialists have availed
themselves of this difference amongst the re-
ligious and are constantly attacking them so
that they may uproot the tree of religion. As
the religions are contending among themselves
they are being vanquished. If the general is at
variance with his army on account of military
tactics there is no doubt that he will be defeated
by the enemy. Now religions are at variance;
war and strife exist among them, and they
are back-biting each other, shunning each oth-
er's association--nay, rather, if necessary, they
engage in shedding each other's blood. Read
history and see what horrible events have
transpired. All the prophets were sent for the
sake of Christ, but alas! that the Talmud and
superstitions contained therein could veil
Jesus to such a degree that they crucified
their promised Messiah. Had they forgotten
the Talmudic traditions and investigated
in reality the religion of Moses there is no
doubt that they would have become believers
in Christ. But imitations deprived them of
their Messianic bounty. They were not re-
freshed by the downpour of rain of mercy;
neither were they illumined by the rays of the
sun of truth.
"Imitation destroys the foundation of relig-
ion. Imitation kills the spirituality of the
human world. Imitation has changed into
darkness the heavenly illumination. Imitation
has deprived man of the knowledge of God.
Imitation is the cause of victory of irreligion

