STAR OF THE WEST 265
A BRIEF HISTORY OF THE AMERICAN DEVELOPMENT
OF THE BAHAI MOVEMENT
[Continued from page 263]
Knowledge, and striving with their lives to cisco, Los Angeles, San Diego, and in many
Carry out the Bahai teachillgs of 10'/e to God towns of lesser fame; in all of which this
expressed in love to man.
There are assemblies of believers in Chicago
and New York, in Boston and Baltimore, Wash-
ington and Philadelphia, in Cleveland, Cincin-
nati, St Louis, Milvvatlkee, Kenosha, Minne_ economic problems, and the joy and beauty of
apolis, Spokane, Seattle, Portland, San Fran- life.
wonderful, religious, ethical, moral, and prac-
tical teaching of the age, is received and loved
as the great solvent of religious, social, and
WORDS OF TO THE BAHAIS
REGARDING THEIR ATTENDANCE AT THE
PANAMA-PACIFIC INTERNATIONAL. EXPOSITION
IN SAN FRANCISCO.
From Tablet dated fuly I2, /91]
The future of California, whether in regard to its material affairs or its spiritual
affairs, is very important. It is my hope that the people of California may become the
sons and daughters of the Kingdom and be the means of promoting the religion of God.
Regarding the Exposition of 1915 which will be inaugurated in San Francisco,
America, undoubtedly from now on the Bahais must arrange and prepare ways and means
so that a great number of them may be present on that occasion.
From Tablet dated April 19/4
The believers of God from now on must think about going to the Panama-Pacific
International Exposition (in San Francisco). Everyone goes to the Exposition either for
amusement or recreation, or in hope of obtaining commercial benefits. But you, who
are the believers of God, enter the Exposition with the desire to summon the people to the
divine Kingdom and hoping to receive the breaths of the Holy Spirit.
From Tablet dated March I913
As regards the second trip of Abdul-Baha to America, if the believers of God be
enkindled and attracted to a superlative degree, perchance this object will again be ob-
tained. Capacity ancl capability are the magnetic power.
Suggestions
A number of hotels centrally located are recommended. Prices are reasonable--
from $1.00 per day and up. All rooms with baths. It is suggested that it will be best,
for those who wish to secure accommodations at any of these hotels, to commu'nicate- imme-
diately with the manager, Mr. D. Heywood, 526 Holbrook Building, 58 Sutter Street,
San Francisco.
As the weel<'s programme has been arranged to begin the 19th of April, it is hoped
that all the friends will arrive before that date.
The San Francisco_climate_being variable, Warm wraps are found to be useful in
all seasons. or further information please address the Executive Committee of the Inter-
national Bahal Congress, 505 Rosenthal Building, 165 Post Street, San Francisco.

