170 STAR OF
over religion. Imitation is the cause of the
denial of divinity. Imitation refuses the
law of revelation. Imitation sets aside the
prophethood. Imitation denies the Kingdom of
God.
"When the materialist compares these imita-
tions with the intellectual criterion they ~find
they are all superstitions; therefore they deny
religion. The Jews have two ideas of purity
and impurity of different religion. When you
compare them with the criterion of science you
will find that they are without foundation.
"Is it impossible for us to receive the infinite
bounties of God? Is it impossible to discover
the virtues of the spiritual World because we
are not living in a day in the past ages--the era
of His Holiness Moses--the era of the prophets
of God and the era of His Holiness the Christ?
Those periods were spiritual periods of the
world; therefore, is it impossible for us to
become perfect in spirituality as those in the
past ages because we are far from them and
are living in a materialistic age? But the same
God is able to bestow the same favors--nay,
rather greater favors upon the present century.
For example, in past ages He granted to His
servants reason, intelligence and understanding.
How can we say that He is not able to bestow
the same favors upon His people in this day?
Is it just that He sends His Holiness Moses
for the guidance of the past nations and
forgets entirely those who are living today?
Is it possible that this age has become deprived
of the bounties of God, when the ages of tyranny
and conflict of the past ages received an inex-
haustible share of divine bounties? The same
kind God who has granted His favors in the
past has opened today the doors of the King-
dom. The rays of His sun are shining, the
breath of the Holy Spirit is encircling, that
omniscient God is still able to assist and con
firm us by His spirit, to illumine our hearts and
to gladden our souls, to perfume our nostrils
with the fragrance of holiness.
"Divine wisdom has encircled all, has spread
THE WEST
His heavenly table before us, and we must take
_a bountiful share of this divine favor.
"The work of the shepherd is to bring to-
gether the scattered sheep and to collect the
dispersed sheep. If, on the contrary, he scat-
ters the united fiock, he is not the shepherd.
As the prophets fulfilled their mission in this
respect, therefore they are the true shepherds,
His Holiness Moses came at a time when the
Israelitish tribes were like scattered sheep;
discord was rampant among them, enmity and
hatred increased their disunion.
"Moses, with divine power, collected and
united these scattered flocks. He set Within the
shell of their hearts the pearl of love. He
freed them from captivity and carried them
from Egypt to the Holy Land. In science and
art they made wonderful progress. Sociology
and bonds were established between them.
Their progress in all the degrees of human vir-
tues was so rapid and marvelous they founded
the Solomonic sovereignty. Is it possible to
say that Moses was not a real shepherd and
did not gather together these scattered flocks?
"His Holiness Christ was a real shepherd. At
the time of His manifestation the Greeks,
Chaldeans, Assyrians, the Egyptians and the
Europeans were like so many scattered flocks.
Christ breathed in them the spirit of unity. He
harmonized.
"Therefore it is established that all the pro-
phets of God have come to unite the children
wf men and not to disperse them, and to put
in action the law of love and not enmity.
Consequently we must throw aside all these
prejudices, forget the racial prejudice, the pa-
triotic prejudice, the religious and political
prejudice. We must become the cause of unity
of the human race. Work for universal peace,
sing about the means of love and destroy the
basis of enmity so that this material world may
become the divine world, the world of matter
become the world of the Kingdom and human-
ity may attain to the world of perfection."
OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue con-
tains: (1) (2) Talks by Abdul-Baha in Acca;
(3) Poems by Munshid: "Glad-tidings of
the Return," "Awaking from Heedless~
ness," "In Praise of the Blessed Perfec-
tion and of the Temple of The Covenant,"
"The Unselfishness of Religion," "The
Education of Children," "Rizwan Greet-
ing and the Emination of the Unity of Man-
kind."
VOICE RECORDS OF ABDUL-BAHA may be obtained from Mrs. Howard MacNutt,
935 Eastern Parkway, Brooklyn, N. Y., at 85 cents each, including packing and shipment
via parcel post. These are disc records and can be used on various phonographs.

