STAR OF THE WEST
EHSWT 
ODAY the nations of the world are self-engaged--occupied
with mortal and transitory accomplishments--consumed by
the fires of passion and self. Self is dominant; enmity and
animosity prevail. Nations and peoples are thinking only of their
interests and outcomes. The clash oi war and din of strife
is heard among them.
But the Friends of the Blessed Perfection 
have no thoughts save the thoughts of heaven and the Love of
God. Therefore, you must without delay employ your powers in
spreading the effulgent glow oi the Love of God and so order your
lives that you may he known and seen as examples of its radiance.
You must deal with all in loving kindness in order that this precious
seed (of the Teachings of the Blessed Perfection) entrusted to your
planting may continue to grow and bring forth its perfect fruit.
The Love and Mercy of God will accomplish this through
you if you have love in your own heart.
Extract from Address delivered by
UL - A A
A MESSAGE TO THE SONS OF MAZDA
[Continued from page 39]
The observations of Bernard Temple are
first hand. He is a orientalist and
traveler. No comments are necessary on his
Words.
S. A. Kapadia, Editoroi The' Wisdorn of the
East Series, in "The Splendor of God," says
on page 2:
"Wherever Bahelis meet they meet on common
ground, throwing aside all antagonisrns of the Past,
they rejoice in the glad communion of the present
. . . . Brotherhood among them is not merely a
'maybe,' it is a visible fact. Buddists and Moham-
rnedans, Hindus and Zoroastrians, Jews and Christians,
sit at one board in arnity, eat of one dish, and offer
united thanksgiving' to one result of the
light of 'The Glory of the God' 
"Illtimined by this light, men are no longer blinded
by fear of one another, fear is utterly cast out by
this light towards which Bahaism bids all men to
turn.
"Visitors to Abdul-Baha at his home in Acca, are
of many tongues and many nations. . . . . Liar-iy
opposing people and professions eat at the table to-
gether and he himself waits upon his guests in sacred
service to his fellowmen. . . . . Alight that cannot
fail to rend asunder the veil of separation and en-
able man to see and love man regardless of nation,
origin, color, caste or creed. This light of love
shows man to man as he is."
This is a word for Bahaism by t-he Editors
of a religious series, that prove them to be
experts in discernment of the inner life oi the
individual religions, ancient and modern.
In a recent article in The Christian Com-
monwealth, London, and reprinted in the Feb-
ruary number oi The New Reformer, Madras,
Mr. Geo-rge. G. Andre, F. G. S., writes:
"No religious Movement has touched the spiritual
life of the modern world so closely as that which is

