STAR OF THE WEST 233
mountains the various Bahai families of Haifa
and Akka, Abdul-Baha had gone up into the
hills himself to see to their welfare, and it
was up-on his re-turn to Haifa from this mission
of service that we met him.
During the fourteen days we were with
Abdul--Baha he spent most of his time on
Mount Carmel. Upon a shelf half way up the
mountain overlooking the bay of Haifa with
Akka in the distance, is the tomb of The Bab,
and near this are several houses. In one of
these lived a friend and in one room of his
house Abdul-Baha stayed. In another build-
ing nearby some of the Bahais lived. We
lodged the nights in Haifa, but the days We
spent upon the mountain near Abdul-Baha.
ing so fragrantly from His Branch, Abdul-
Baha.
During our visit we had several personal
interviews with Abdul-Baha and many times
We heard him give short, informal, general
talks, but the greatest blessing which was ours
seemed to come to us from within our hearts
as we responded to the' spirit of Abdul-Baha--
that to describe in words-
the spirit in which he does all things, and
which, coming from him, penetrates to the
hearts of all who in soul contact with him,
taking with it joy, love, peace and the life of
The Covenant.
Amid this shower of bounty I realized as
never before that the Bahai Message can only

saying 
EXTRACT FROM TABLET TO CHARLES MASON -REMEY
"With the utmost resolution and constancy call the souls to the King-
dom of ABHA and invite them to the firmness and steadfastness in The
Covenant and Testament. Read to them the translation of the Tablet of
The and speak with gentleness, moderation and loving-kindness,
"We have no other aim save the protection of the Fortified Fortress of
the Cause of God. We must guard this Fortified Fortress from the attack
of the thoughtless ones. Hence we must all turn our faces to the appointed
Center in order that the Bahai Unity might be preserved; otherwise in one
year the Bahais would be divided into a thousand sects. We entertain no
other object -except the safety of the Cause of God."
Amans.
Because of the condition of unrest in the
country, there were but few' peo-p-le coming
to see Abdul-Baha. He spent much time alone
in his room writing Tablets. We often saw
him apparently lost in meditation, and we felt
that he must have been sending his spirit out
to the people in all parts who were suffering
so intensely for that which he had to give.
All pilgrims will testify to the atmosphere
of the spirit which rests upon Carmel, "The
Mountain of God." From the earliest times
G0d's revelators have stood upon her slopes
proclaiming their messages to the World, and
now from this same holy ground Abdul-Baha
is demonstrating the Cause of 
and establishing the ABHA Peace i11 the heart
of humanity.
During those fourteen days in that Holy
Spot a real inner awakening came to us. It
was a greater realization of the spirit of The
New spirit of The Covenant of God
--the spirit of which is radiat-
be given effectively by coupling with the letter
of The Truth the spirit of the Cause of God!
It is this spirit of love and gentleness which
penetrates the souls of those whom we meet,
and when the souls are thus attracted, the mes-
sage penetrates through the minds into the
hearts of the people, and thus spiritual seeds
are sown which in due time bring forth only
its like. Wa1' brings forth war, and peace
brings forth peace. Abdul-Baha stands as the
central exponent of The Cause o-f 
which is the Oneness of humanity and
Peace.
The mission of all those who have received
this light is to go forth to humanity carrying
to the people of all classes, nations, races and
religions the Bahai Message, in the spirit in
which it has been revealed. Therefore let us all
hasten to so purify our hearts that nothing
may remain there save love and peace, so that
we may lead the people to the source of
Divine Bounty.

