228 STAR OF THE WEST
or correct," and every person must obey THE BRANCH with his life, with his
heart with his tongue. Without his will, hot a word shall utter. This
is an eXpliCilI text of the Blessed Beauty. So there is no excuse left for anybody.
No soul shall, of himself, speak anything?" Whatsoever his (Abdul-Baha's)
tongue utters, whatsoever his pen records, that is correct; according to the
explicit text of in the Tablet of THE BRANCH.
"His Holiness Abraham covenanted in regard to Moses. His Holiness
Moses was the Promised One of Abraham, and He, Moses, covenanted in re-
gard to His Holiness Christ, saying that Christ was the Promised One. His
Holiness Christ covenanted in regard to His Holiness 'The Paraclete,' which
REVEALED BY FOR ABD UL-BAHA
hou MY GREATEST 
Thy letter was surely presented before this Oppressed One, and I heard that 
which Thou hast communed with GOD, the Lord of the world.
Verily, We have ordained Thee the Guardian of all the creatures, and a Pro- .
tection to all those in the heavens and earths, and a Fortress to those who believe
in GOD, the One, the Onmiscient! 
I beg of God to protect them by Thee; to enrich them by Thee; to nourish
them by Thee; and to reveal to Thee that which is the Dawning-point of riches 
to the people of Creation, and the Ocean of Generosity to those in the world, and 
the Rising-point of Favor to all nations. Verily, He is the Powerful, the All~ 
Knowing, and the Wise! 
I beg of Him to Water the earth and all that is in it by Thee, that there may
. spring up from it the lowers of Wisdom and Revelation and the Hyacinths of
science and knowledge.
Verily, He is the Friend to those who love Him, and an Assistant to those
i who commune with Him!
There is no GOD but He, the Mighty and the Magnified!

means His Holiness Mohammed. His Holiness Mohammed covenanted in regard
to The Bab, Whom He called, 'My Promised One,' His Holiness The Bab, in
all His books, in all His epistles, explicitly covenanted in regard to the Blessed
Beauty, that was the Promised One of His Ho1i~
ness The Bab-. His ol-lhess covenahteld, hot th-at I (Abdul-Ba-ha.)
mm the Promised One, but that Abdul-Ba~ha: is the of the Book 
the CENTRE oFH1s COVENANT, and that the Pro-mlsed One of 
will appear after one thousand or of years. This is the Covenant which
made. If a person shall deviate, he is not acceptable at the Thresh-
old of In case of difference, Abdul-Baha must be consulted. They
must revolve around his good pleasure.
"After Abdul-Baha, whenever the Universal House of ]ustice is organized
it will ward off differences."
THE EDITORS.

*The words must be according to what has proceeded from the Mouth of the Will of
God and is recorded in Tablets.

