STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and dilferences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless 
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Kamal 1, 70 (August 20, 1914) No. 9
HA TH EARS TO HEAR, LET I-ILM 
St. Matt. 3643.
NOTHER parable put he forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is likened
A unto a man which sowed good seed in his field; but while men slept, his enemy came
and sowed tares among the wheat, and went his way. But when the blade was sprung
up, and brought forth fruit, then appeared the tares also.
So the servants of the household came and said unto him, Sir, didst not thou sow good
seed in thy field? from whence then hath it tares? He said unto them, An enemy hath done
this. The servants said unto him, Wilt thou then that we go and gather them up?
But he said, Nay; lest while ye gather up the tares, ye root up also the wheat with them.
Let both grow together until the harvest: and in the time of harvest I will say to the reapers,
Gather ye together first the tarer, and bind them in i1M'1'llJ'lI-'S to bum them: but gather the
wheat into my barn . . . . .
. .
Then Jesus sent the multitude away, and went into the house; and his disciples came
unto him, saying, Declare unto us the parable of the tares of the field.
He answered and said unto them-, He that soweth the good seed is the S-on of man; the
field is the world; the good seed are the children of the kingdom; "out the tares are the chil~
dren of the wicked one; the enemy that sowed them is the devil; the harvest is the end oi the
world; and the reapers are the angels.
As therefore the tarcs are gathered and burned in the fire; so shall it be in the end of
this world. The Son of man shall send forth his angels and they shall gather out of his
lgingdom all things that ofi'emf_. and them which do iniqu-ity,' and shall cast them info a furnace
of fire: there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth.
Then shall the righteous shine forth as the SL111 in the kingdom of their Father.
Who hath ears to hear, let him hear.
THIS hour the world stands appalled
A before the spectacle of millions of hu-
man beings in the throes of annihilation.
It is called war. In reality, it is hell. Gun-
powder is but another name for "fire and brim-
stone," and the battlefield but another name
for perdition, where there is "wailing and
gnashing of teeth."
Is it not the plague of "hailstones for rain,
fire mingled with the hail ran along upon the
groimd" raging among mankind, foreshadowed
in Egypt long ago?
Is it not that event foreseen by Christ quoted
above: "The harvest" "the end oi the age?"
--the bundles of tares (organizations-military
and others) burning; a world-consuming fire
removing "all things that oiifendi"
Is it not the of the Adamic cycle.-'
All attempts at explanation and description
of such a are futile and inadequate.
The parable of the tares covers the whole mat-
ter concisely and completely.
hath ears to hear, let him hear!"
THE EDITORS.
in
THE GREAT 
THIS STANDARD BE I-IOISTED IN THE WEST, AND MANY SHALL
RESPOND TO THE 
Address delivered by Abdul-Baha at Grace Methodist Episcopal Church, New York City, Sunday. May 12, 1912
HEN we glance at history, we find that
0? from the beginning up to the present
day strife and Warfare have prevailed
among men. It has either been religious war-
fare, a warfare of races, or a war among the
nations. All these wars have arisen from the
ignorance of humanity, because of misunder-
standings, and through the lack oi the educa~
tion of human kind.
Let us first touch upon religious warfare.
It is self-evident that the Divine Prophets
have appeared for no other purpose than to
establish love and amity among humanity, for
they were the shepherds and not the Wolves.

