298 STAR OF THE WEST
from Paris at all. Then Mirza-Abul-Fazl wrote
explaining the circumstances to him and asking
for permission for me to leave. But the time
came for my mother and brother to leave the
city and the permission had not yet come.
They closed the apartment and I went to stay
with Mrs. Jackson.
During that month I spent in Paris we had
wonderful meetings, Mons. Dreyfus and others
received the teachings at that time. I had
known, the previous winter, a Mrs. Nlilner
who was a friend of Lillian James. She had
gone to America and returned and on the
steamer coming back she had met Thomas
Breakwell. She had told him nothing of the
teachings, but had spoken of me as a special
friend in Paris, whom she wished to have
him meet, and the day after they arrived in
Paris, she brought him to my little apartment
at Mrs. ]ackson's. I shall never forget opening
the door and seeing him standing there. It
was like looking at a veiled light. I saw at
once his pure heart, his burning spirit, his
thirsty soul, and over all was cast the veil
which is over every soul until it is rent asunder
by the power of God in this day. As I opened
the door, Mrs. Milner said "he was a stranger
and she took him in," then when we were
seated she told me that he was a young English-
man who had been living in the southern states
of America and that he was a Theosophist.
He stayed a short time. As he was leaving,
he said that Mrs. Milner had told him that
I had received some teachings whigh had had
a great effect on my life and although he was
only going to be in Paris a few days, he would
like to call to see me and hear what I could
tell him. W'e made an appointment for the
following morning and then he left. At the
appointed hour next day he arrived, his eyes
shining, his face illumined, his voice vibrating
under the stress of great emotion. 
looked at me very intently and then said:
have come to you to help me. Yesterday
after I left you, I walked alone down the
boulevard and suddenly some great fcrce nearly
swept me off my feet. I stood still as though
awaiting something and a voice announced to
me 'Christ has come!' Then he
said, "Vi/'l1a't do you think this means?" Then
I gave him the Message and teachings from
the beginning and the veil that I had seen
over him disappeared. He was like a blazing
light. Such was his capacity, that he received
the Message in all its fulness and all its
strength and beauty within three days and
on the third day he wrote his supplicatiou to
Abdul--Baha which in its force and simplicity I
have never seen equalled: "My Lord! I be-
lieve; forgive me. Thy servant, Thos. Break-
well."
That evening I went mail and found a cablegram which had
just arrived, saying, "You may leave Paris"
Signed "Abbas." 'When, the next day, my
heart filled with gratitude, I joined my mother
and brother beside the sea and told my mother
all that had happened, she burst into tears
and said, "You have a wonderful Master."
I could write you pages about the beloved
Thomas Breakwell; of the fire of love burning
in his heart when he returned from Acca, of
his penetrating spiritual power in our midst.
of the light of servitude and sacrifice which
burned so brilliantly in his soul; but you know
all this even better than I. I only want to
add that his kindness and love to my mother
during those days in Paris produced a great
eifect on her and that he was always a joy
and a consolation to her during that period of
her life before she understood the glory of
this Cause. I have always felt that Thomas
Breakwell was the first of the Paris believers
to receive the confirmation of the Holy Spirit
and the fire of the Love of God.
I am yours in servitude to the Center of the
Covenant!
MAY 
IN IVIEMORIUNI
(Continued from page 2951
Baha had said to her should continue in that
good work. The "Diary of Mirza Ahmad Soh-
rab," which has now become so well known
to all the Bahais of the 'Nest, was started
by his writing wonderfully descriptive letters
to her of the daily life and events surrounding
Abdul-Baha.
Hi.
REV. THOMAS KELLY CHEYNE, a
noted authority on scriptural writings, died
February 16, 1915. in London. He was born
in I841 and was for many years professor of
interpretation of scripture at Oxford. He was
canon of Rochester from 1885 to l908. He
was the grandson of the Rev. T. H. Horne,
author of the once popular theological text
book on the "introduction to the holy scrip-
tures." He was a member of the Old Testa-
ment Revision Company in 1884 and was the
author of many theological works. The Bahais
will recall the beautiful letter he wrote to
Abdul-Baha, and Abdul-Baha's reply to it,
published in the STAR or TI-IE Wasr, No. 17,
Vol. IV.
[Note the reference made by Daniel ]en-
kyn]to his latest book on page 294 of this is-
sue.
 
OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue con-
tains: News from the Holy Land--con-
tinued from last issue; (2) Progress of girls
in Persia--Tablet to Dr. Moody; (3) "Faith
is the cause of the glory of 
from a Tablet; (4) Tablet to one of the Ameri-
can Bahais who complained of being lonesome;
(5) Biographical sketch of the late Seyed
Sadik, illustrated; (6) Announcement of pub-
lication in Persian of book by Mirza Mahmoocl
covering Abdul-Baha's journey and addresses
in the western world; (7) the vase for the
Holy Tomb in commemoration of Abdul-
Bal1a's visit to America; (8) Announcement
to subscribers of the STAR or THE Wasr.

