2738 STAR OF THE WEST
other people to descend the ladder of progress
in order to unite them to themselves. The
great man Lord Curzon has partly understood
this point when he writes: "The conversion
of As-iatics to the Christian religion is without
effect and result."
Now that this subject has been clearly eluci-
dated we will submit that the present state of
progress in the world necessitates the Most
Great Manifestation. While His Holiness
resided in Baghdad the first book
revealed by Him was Kitab-el-Ighan which is
the key to unlock the seals of the Heavenly
Books. It comprehends the realities revealed
in Holy Writ. By it the doors of the under-
standing of prophetic words were opened to
the faces of the people of Bans', the real
meaning of the Divine Glad-tidings were re-
vealed and the original purposes of such terms
as were latent and unknown became mani-
fested. These terms are: "Death," "Life,"
"Heaven," "Earth," "Sun," "Moon," "Stars,"
"Resurrection," etc. Thus the means of unity
became facilitated and the hindrances to inter-
national misunderstandings were removed.
The signs and emblems of accord and agree-
ment among inimical and opposing people be-
came' manifest and apparent. For you observe
that while now is but the commencement of
the Bahai Religion, yet difficult questions and
doctrines have become so clearly explained to
and so easily accepted by various peoples that
numerous souls among Zorastrians, Jews,
Nuseyrites, et al., who have never believed in
His Holiness Christ nor would listen to a single
verse of the Gospel, have now become ac-
knowledged believers in through
the effect of His blessed utterances. More-
over, they consider His Holiness Christ the
Promised Lord and His heavenly Book the
Divine Holy 'Word. They associate and con-
sort with Christians in their feasts and gather-
ings with the utmost kindness and fellow-
shipreturn to the original question:
"What has Bans.'o'LLAn: brought which is not
found in the Christian religion?"
Although the great function of the Revela-
tion of in solving the intricacies
of the Heavenly Books, facilitating the re-
moval of differences from among nations and
establishing unity and harmony among the sec-
tions of the human world is sufficient proof of
the greatness and thoroughness of the Bahai
religion, nevertheless we will now consider
the laws and ordinances of this religion, ex-
plain their specific virtues, their benefits and
good results 
First, a command which is particularly a
feature of the Bahai religion and is not found
in the other religion from credit-
ing' verbal traditions." It is well known to
men of learning that it was verbal tradition
which divided the Jews into two great sects.
Such traditions are the basis of the book of
Talmud, and caused the division of that one
nation. One of the two schisms called the
Rabbinim looks upon the teachings of the
Talmud as the law which needs to be followed
and considers it the greatest means for the
preservation and permanence of the Israelit-
ish people. But the other sect, Gharraim, looks
upon the Talmud as sheer heresy and condu-
cive to perdition. Thus these two sects can-
not possibly be harmonized or cease mutual
opposition.
Similarly in the Christian religion the main
cause of schism and division were these verbal
traditions which were termed "authoritative."
Each one of the Christian churches, such as
the Catholic, the Orthodox, the Jacobite, the
Nestorian and others, considers it obligatory to
follow these traditions inherited from and
handed down by the fathers of the Church,
as the very text of the Holy Book.
Thus when in any of the great Councils the
question of the unification of the Christian
people would be at issue, they would avail
themselves of these inherited traditions, which
were opposed to union and harmony. Like-
wise in the religion of Islam, claiming these
verbal traditions which were related of the
Founder of that religion, subsequent to his
death, was the cause of the division and sepa-
ration into various of the principal sects,
such as the Sunnite, the Shi'ite and the
Kha-rajite, or into the secondary schools of
Hanofite, Malakite, Shafite, Haubilite, etc.
Each of these hold to a set of traditions
considered as authentic by their own sect.
But closed to the people of
the world this door which is the greatest
means for sedition; for He has clearly an-
nounced that "in the religion of God all re-
corded matters are referable to the Book and
all unrecorded matters are dependent upon the
decision of the House of Justice." Thus all
narrations, relations and verbal traditions have
been discredited among the Bahai people and
the door of -rfissensiori, which is the greatest
among the doors of hell, has been closed and
locked.

