STAR OF THE WEST 249
to un-ity and fellowship amongst them. The
real Temple is the very Law of God, for to
that all humanity must resort, and that is the
Center of Unity for all mankind. That is
the collective center. That is the cause of
accord and unity of the hearts. That is the
cause of solidarity of the human race. That
is the source of the life eternal. Temples are
the symbols of that uniting force, in order
that when the people gather there in a given
edifice of God, in the house and Temple of
God, they may recall the fact that the law has
been revealed for them and that that law is
to unite them. That just as this edifice was
founded for the unification of mankind, the
law preceding and creating this Temple was
issued thereforbrief the
purpose of places of worship and edifices for
adoration is simply that of unity, in order that
various nations, divergent races, varying souls,
may gather there and among them amity, love
and accord may be realized. The original
purpose is this. That is why His Holiness
has commanded that a place be
built for all the relig-ionists of the world;
that all religions and races and sects n1ay
gather together; that the Oneness of the
human world may be proclaimed; that all
the human race are the servants of God, and
that all are submerged in the Ocean of G.od's
Mercy. The world of existence may be likened
to this place. It is the Mashrak-e1-Azkar.
Iust as the external world is a place where
various peoples of different hues and colors,
of various faiths and denominations, meet;
just as they are submerged in the same Sea
of Favors; likewise all may meet under the
dome of the Mashrak-el-Azkar and adore the
One God in the same spirit of truth, for the
ages of darkness have passed away and the
century of light has arrived. The imaginary
prejudices are in the process of dispersion and
the Light of Unity is shining. The difference
which exists among the nations and the
peoples is soon to pass away, and the funda-
mentals of the Divine Religions, which are no
other than the solidarity a11d the oneness of
the human race, are to be established. For
six thousand years the human race has been
at war. It is enough! Now let them, for a
time at least, consort in amity. They enter-
tained enmity formerly. Let them for a period
exercise love. For six thousand years have
they negated each other, each nation consid-
ering the other as infidel. It is sufficient!
We must all know that we are the servants
of One God; that we are turning to One
God; that we have one kind Father; that
we have one Divine Law; that we have one
Reality'; that we have one desire. Thus may
we live together in the utmost of amity and
together, and for this love, for this amity,
the favors and bounties of God shall sur-
round us; the world of humanity will be
reformed; human kind will find a new life,
eternal light shall shine; merciful and heaven-
ly morals shall become manifested. The
Divine policies shall rule, for the Divine
policy is the oneness of the human world.
God is kind to all. He considers all as His
servants. He does not exclude anybody, and
the policy of God is the correct and just
policy. No matter how complete human policy
and foresight be, it is imperfect. If we do
not emulate the policy of God, or if we re-
fuse to follow His dictates, that will be a
presumptive evidence of our saying, as it were,
that we know better than God; that we a-re
knowing and wise, whereas God is ignorant;
that we are sagacious, an-d God is not.' God
forbid! We seek shelter in God's Mercy
therefor! No matter how far the human in-
telligence shall advance, it is still as a drop,
whereas the Divine Omniscience is the very
Ocean. And now is it just for us to say that
a d.rop is imbued or endowed with qualities
wherewith the ocean itself is minus or not en-
dowed? To say that the policy of the atom
or the drop is greater and superior to that of
the ocean? There is no greater ignorance than
this! At most it is this: That there are
some people who are as children. They are
ignorant, and with the utmost love are we to
educate them in order that they may become
wise. They are sick; they are ill. We must
tenderly care for them and treat them until
they become well. Their morals are unpraise-
worthy. We must train them in order that
they may become imbued with morals com-
mendable. Otherwise we are all the servants
of One God, and we are beneath the pro-
tection and providence of One God. These
are the institutes of God and the foundations
of the Mashrak-cl-Azkar, or His Temple. The
outer edifice is a symbol of the inner. May
the people be admonished thereby! I pray in
your behalf, that your hearts may be enlight-
ened with the Light of the Love of God;
that your minds may develop daily; that
your spirits may be set aglow with the fire of
His Glad-Tidings; until the Divine Founda-
tions in the human world may become pro-
mulgated. And the first of these 'institutes is
the oneness of the human world and love

