STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post oflice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3,1879Editorial Stafl: ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Terms 1 ii 1.50 per year; 15 cents per copy
Norz--Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to SERVICE, P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, 111,, U, S. A.
To personal checks please add sulhcient to cover the hank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI News SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE Is con! 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness.
firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Anus.
Vol. Baha' 1, 70 (March 21, 1914) No. 1
CORRECTION:
'The meaning oi the writer of the letter
published in the STAR or THE No 17,
VOL. IV, was not that one thousand Iews have
just accepted this Revelation. She wished to
convey the idea that for the last few years
about one thousand Jews have, little by little,
accepted this Cause in Teheran and its vicinity.
She writes this statement to be published in
the STAR or THE in order to remove this
misunderstanding.
(Signed) CLARA B. 

NA UROOZ GREETING
This is the seventieth year of the Millenium.
If the seventieth year of the Christian era
was a prototype of this year of the Bahai era,
it is a year fraught with significance. In that
year was fulfilled what Christ foretold of
Jerusalem. See St. Matt. XXIV The city
was destroyed, the people scattered, the Tem-
ple was consumed by fire, and not one stone
was left upon a11other--significaut, no doubt,
of the culmination of the old order of things.
We feel that there is a parallel between the
two eras because of the conditions confronting
the people of the world today. If so, man-
kind will be swept by conflicting emotions and
tend to go to extremes.
In the midst of such crucial conditions the
Bahais are called upon to proclaim the glad-
tidings of the Kingdom come on earth, and to
manifest the characteristics of the people of
the 'Most Great Peace.
The Center of The Covenant, Abdul-Baha,
is calling souls to travel and spread The Mes-
sage of the Kingdom far and wide.
It is the spirit of the hour.
He has said that if there were a more im-
portant work than this to be done, he would
be doing it.
But he also states that the progress of the
Cause depends upon the wisdom as well as
the energy and enthusiasm of the teachers;
that they should speak with moderation, and
follow the method of procedure he employed
while in America, namely:
1. Speak with moderation.
2. Call the people to the oneness of the
world of humanity.
3. Announce the appearance of the Sun of
Truth (The "\/Vord of God" manifest
in the flesh) from the horizon of
Persia.
4. Mention the servitude of Abdul-Baha.
5. Then explain the Ceaitersliip of The
Covenant.

