118 STAR OF
This is our highest desire! Supposing that we
might becom.e the real Kings of this world, and
all our hopes and wishes be realized, but no-t
be confirmed in the spreading of the Cause--
great regret would be facing us. And though
We might be enabled to enjoy the rare delica-
cies of wealth and the refined privileges of
education, and be not assisted in the service
of the Holy Threshold, then manifest loss
would stare into our eyes, everlasting remorse
would encircle us, spiritual deprivation would
be our share and harrowing grief would follo-w
us. But if we arise in the diffusion of the
Fragrances of the Paradise of ABHA, and lack
all the means of material comfort, eternal
b-enedictio-n will b-e vouchsafed, heavenly ex-
altation will be granted and divine beatitude
will be bestowed."
"Does material pursuit prevent spiritual prog-
ress?"
"Abdul-Baha said: "Material affairs are of
two kinds. The first kind are those concerns
that have no direct relation to life. They con-
tribute toward luxury, elfeminacy, indolence
an-d voluptuousness. Indulgence in these things
makes one negligent 0-f God and stifles all
traces of spirtuality. The other kind are those
affairs which contribute toward the mainte-
nance of livelihood, adding to the comfort,
happiness and progress of the human family.
Spiritual powers come always to the assistance
of such affairs, they increase the moral insight
and responsibility of man and add to his
awareness and mindfulness."
"What does Abdul-Baha expect us to do 
Abdu-1-Baha answered: hope that who-
soever hears your words, sees your deeds and
beholds your manners and behaviour, may de-
clare that these people are real 
incarnations of love and amity. I have trav-
eled far and wide, visited many countries,
accepted m.any hardships and foreborne many
difficulties, in order that the souls may rise
in service and dedicate their rest, their posses-
sions, their Wealth and their lives to the Cause
of God. I desire that they may be drawn near
unto God, and this is made possible only
through the promulgation of the Religion of
God. The Blessed Perfection sacrificed His
country, His household, His wealth, His glory,
THE WEST
His affluence and even His Life for the prog-
ress of the Cause of God. If He so renounced
everything, so that the heaven of the divine
Faith be upheld, then the duty of the believers
is plain. I will pray in their behalf and sup-
plicate for them the Confirmations of 
thus just as the rays of the sun pour
upon all the contingent beings, likewise the
Effulgences of the Sun of Reality may so in-
terpenetrate every fiber of their beings that
each one of them may become like unto a
fruitful tree. Now is the dawn of the morn
of Truth. Those who live in the depths of
the dark ravines and deep valleys do not see
the first glimpses of the rising, glorious sun.
Hence they cry out: We do not see the sun-
shine; we do not feel its warmth. But when
the sun ascends to the zenith of the heavens,
and stands at the meridian, then the valleys
and ravines will be flooded with sunshine and
even the blind will feel its heat."
"What is the condition of faith?"
The Beloved One answered: "The condi-
tion of Faith requires that man ascend to and
abide in the station of sacrifice. Without this
attainment, ones faith is not perfect. The be-
lievers must soar toward the summit of self-
sacrifice. Peruse the history of past Dispen-
sations. All those sanctified souls who at-
tained to the station of renunciation and
reached the highest station of glory, are those
who gave up their material joy, physical pleas-
ures, comfort, rest and even life for the sake
of Truth. These conditions of Faith the be-
lievers of Persia embodied in their lives. They
were subjected to the utmost ignominy, oppres-
sion, imprisonment, their possessions were pil-
laged and many of them were martyred. Their
faith was so firm that none of these tragic
vicissitudes moved them. With the utmost ec--
stasy they renounced their possessions and' sac-
rificed their lives. Nothing dismayed them.
This is the condition of faith. When man has
attained to this supreme station, then indeed
his faith w'ill be like the splendor of the Sun
of Reality; it will be an emanation of the
spirit of Divinity, and an effulgence of the
luminary of Deity. You pray and I will pray
also, so that we may all attain to this sublime
height of faith-thus universal results may
issue therefrom."
OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue contains: (1) The great danger of the future; (2) the necessity of firm-
ness during the tests; (3) the duties of women; (4) Tablet from Paris; (5) Renewal of Religion is natural, therefore
in accord with Divine wisdom; (6) letter from the friends; (7) utterances regarding the education of children;
(8) letter from the Spiritual Assembly of Barfaroush; (9) announcement regarding the printing of the blessed
writing; (10) the war of the world; (11) the remedy for this disease.

