35 STAR OF THE 
people of the coming of the "Day of God," and reviving hopes in their hearts of the "Mani-
festation of God." So these prophets were, in their cycles, as beaming stars which shone
forth from the uttermost horizon of heaven; as lamps enkindled and aflarne in the gloomy
and obscure night.
CHRIST
In that way many generations passed, until the glorious Saviour arose and the brilliant
star dawned from the horizon of Galilee. Then the planet of the Son shone from among the
posterity of Abraham, the melodies of the Gospels pealed forth and the descent of calamities
upon the children of Islrael drew nigh. Our Lo-rd -him is Glory and Grandeur!
--arose and cried with loude-st 
"Repeat ye, for the Kingdom of God is at hand!"
"Awaken and be mindful! The Hour of the Coming of the Kingdom of God ap-
,br0acheth!"
"Blessed are the [rare in heart, for they shall see God!"
"Blessed are the _i>eacemake1-s, for they shall be called the children of God!"
Likewise, during His lifetime, He was con-tinually reminding them of the approach of
the "promised Day," renewing and es-tablishing the Signs of the Appearance of the Beauty
of the Adored One, which had been prophesied by the prophets of Israel.
Christ declared that in "that Day" He will sit upon the right hand of His (the Father's)
Throne; will be authorized to make His commands effective; will be established upon the
Seat of His Glory, and become the S-hepherd of His sheep, through His Permission. He-
Exalted is He !--he-ralded the app-roach o-f the Great "Hour," th-e Mighty Day of Resurrec-
tion, until He ascended to the Supreme Friend. Then Apostles arose to spread His Cause
and promote His \Nord, until all the European regions were illuminated by the lights of His
C-ommand, and became purified from the filth of paganism.
MO-HAMMED
Six centuries elapsed after the departure of Christ, until the Beams of Dawn appeared
from Arabian horizons and the shining of the Morning Light was transmitted from the direc-
tion of Hedjas. The greatest signs of the "I-lour" appeared and the mightiest tokens of the
"Day of Iudgment" became manifest. Mohammed arose, crying out with the loudest call E-
"The Sentence of God will surely come (to be wherefore do not hasten it!" T-his
voice was heard from hea-ven time of their accounts hath drawn nigh unto the people,
while they are turning away therefrom!" He clearly stated that the "gloomy night" had
expired -and the dawn-ing of the Sun of Truth from the Supreme Horizon was at han-d.
Through the light of His word and the pow-er of His pro-phethood He illumined great nations
and multitudes, from the remotest parts of Africa to the distant East; peoples who knew
nothing concerning Unity and had tasted no drop from the fountain of Oneness; those who
had denied the Prophets and falsely accused the Chosen Ones. T-he Word of Mohammed
and His prophetic testimony drove them out -of the darkness of paganism toward the Light
of the Worship of God. Thus they were turned from denial of Pro-phe-ts to belief in the
line o-f holy mess-enlgers fr-om Adam to Jesus, the Spirit of -God.
Mohammed announced to them' the cotmihg of the "Day of God," and made with them
a covenant to expect the descent of the Spirit (Christ) from the Heaven of the command
of God. But He also clearly stated that the Precursor, who shall arise before His descent,
to prepare the way before that "coming," will come forth from His (Mohamm.ed's) poster-
ity; that through the Spirit (Christ) God will fill the earth with equity after it had been
filled with injustice, and all regions with justice after they had been darkened by
tyranny. Then He established books of traditions and prophecies, and filled pages with
signs and tokens.
THE BAB
The earth of enlightenment rolled around its axis for 1260 years, until the "Hour" drew
nigh and the appointed time arrived. Then the Star of Guidance dawned, the Planet of
Purity shone forth, the Fountains of Knowledge gushed out in one of the best lands of the
Orient, and the Tree of Grace was ignited in the city of -Shiraz, the chief town of the
province of Fars. The Most G-reat BAB (Gate) arose, preaching to the multitudes and
peoples, heralding again the expiration of the "gloomy night," foreshadowing and cleanly
declaring the coming of the great and dreadful "Day of -God." He raised this call betwixt

