STAR OF THE WEST 37
the Heaven and earth :--"Rejoice! Rejoice! The Morn of Guidance hath indeed appeared,
the 'gloovny night' hath cleared away, and the Dawning of the Beauty of God, EL-AB1-IA, is at
hand! The spring-time of the Return of the Realities of Regeneration hath come!" All
regions trembled with this most sweet call and the Resurrection appeared through the
supreme Message.

Then -dawned the Sun of the Beauty of the Promised One; then rose and beamed the
Orb of the Face of the Adored One. The "Hour" arrived, the Resurrection came, the trum-
pet sounded and the dawn of the Manifestation shone forth. (The
Glory of God the Most Glorious) arose; the Beauty of the Supreme God appeared and
called out with a Voice that filled all regions, causing the "seven strata of the earth" to
tremble .
ow the Promised God hath indeed come, the Beauty of the Adored One hath appeared,
the appointed 'Day of God' hath dawned and His irrefutable and glorious Command hath
arisen! The LORD hath descended in the shadow of clouds; the earth is shining with the
Light of the Face of its LORD, the Bestower; the Bridge is extended, the Boole is appointed,
the curtain is lifted and the '2/eil is removed! Showers of Verses have fallen, branches of
Knowledge have put forth leaves and become flourishing in all directions! The 'dead have
arisen and the lifeless are resurrected!' 
The rivers of Knowledge and Enlightenment have flowed from His Supreme Pen and
He hath broken the seal of the "Sealed "Wine" with His Generous Fingers. He hath
explained in His Holy Tablets the realities of the l/Vords of the Prophets, and hath disclosed
in His precious Writings the meanings of the sym-bols of the Elect, until all the seals of the
Prophets have been opened and the aims of the Messengers became unveiled to the possess-
ors of pure hearts. He instituted new laws which are destined to unite all nations and
multitudes; issued a glorious Command which will bring together all religions and creeds,
enjoined His S-aints to lo-ve all nations and exhorted them to serve all the people of the
world. During His last days He wrote the Kitab-el-Ah"d (The Book of the Covenant,
Testament or VVill) with His blessed Fingers, in which He clearly stated and appointed the
"Center of the Covenant," directing peoples to the Orb of the Universe.
The torrent of His Verses and the shower of His Graces abundantly poured down, until
the time of Disaippearance drew nigh, and the Sun of Truth was concealed in the veil of
Absence. The LORD ascended to the Supreme: Court of His Might, and His blessed Iden-
tity was hidden in His invisible furthermost Essence. This calamitous event and lament-
able dis-aster happened on the 2nd of the month Zull<a'da, 1309 A. H., which corresponds
to the 28th of May, 1892 A. D.
ABDUL-B-AHA
When the Sun of Guidance was set an-d the -rustle of the S-adrat~el--Muntaha* hushed,
then the Orb of the Covenant dawned and t-he "Moon" of the Testament appeared with the
utmost brilliancy and effulgen-ce. The glorious "Branch from the Ancient Root,"
His Holiness Abdul-Baha, arose to promote the Word of the KING of the Day of _ludg~
ment, and n-ow He is crying and heralding thro-ughou-t all regions:
"The Judgment of God hath come; respond ye, respond ye unto the call of God!
"Hearleen ye, hearken ye to the Melodies of God! Inhale ye the Fragrances of God!"
"Be illumined, be illuanined with the lights of the Face of 
The promises of the Prophets hat-'e already been fulfilled, the prophecies of the Messen-
gers realized,' the Day of Judgment hath come, and rnanleind hath stood before the LORD of
the creatures!"

For this Day is no other than "the end of the ages no other than the illumination of
the horizons of earth, both East and West, with the Lights of the Forgiving no other
than the changing' of darkness into light, and of sorrow into joy and gladness; whereby
hearts are cheered, souls are tranquilized, eyes are consoled and breasts are dilated.
This is the Day of 
tree planted by the Arabs at the end of the road to guide the traveler. Here it refers to the Miami-
festation of God.

