246 STAR OF
THE WEST
"Temples are symbols of the Reality and Divinity of God . . . That is, the Manifestation
of God is the real Divine Temple and Collective Center of which the church is a symbol
. . . This Mashrak-el-Azkar, being the first one in the Occident, has great importance"
HOUSE OF THE THE MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR
THREE ADDRESSES BY ABDUL-BAHA DELIVERED IN AMERICA IN 1912
(Published in the STAR OF THE WEST, Vol. 
OF ABDUL-BAI-IA AT PROTESTANT Eris-
COPAL CHURCH or THE ASCENSION, FIFTH
Ave. AND 10TH S11, NEW YQRK CITY, SUN-
DAY, JUNE 2, 1912, 8 P. M., REV. DR. Piracy
STICKNEY. Rscroa.
THE terminology of the Holy Books, the
church hasbeen called the "House of the
Covenant" for the reason that the church
is a place where people of differing thougnts
and diverging tendencies,--where all races and
nations may come together in a covenant of
permanent fellowship. In the temple of the
Lord, in the house of God, man must be sub-
missive to God. He must enter into a cove-
nant with his Lord in order that he sh.all obey
His commands and become unified with his
fellow-man. He must not consider divergence
of races nor difference of nationalities; he
must not view variation in denomination and
creed, nor should he take into account the
differing degrees of thoughts; nay, rather he
should look up-on all mankind and realize that
all must become united and agreed. He must
recognize all as one family, one race, one
nativity; all the servants of one God, dwelling
beneath the shelter of the Mercy of one God.
The purpose is that the church is a collective
center. Temples are symbols of the Reality
and Divinity of God, the collective center. Con-
sider how within a temple every race and
people are seen and in the
presence of the Lord, covenanting together in
a covenant of love and fellowship offering
the same melody, p-rayer and supplications to
God. Therefore it is evident that the church
IS a collective center for mankind. For this
reason there have been churches and temples
in all the Divine religions. But the real Col-
lective Centers are the Manifestations of God,
of whom the church or temple is a symbol
and expression. That is to say, the Manifesta-
tion of God is the real Divine Temple and
Collective Center of which the outer church
is but a symbol.
Recall the statement of His Holiness Iesus
Christ recorded in the Gospel: addressing
Peter, He said, "Thou art Peter and upon
this rock will I build my church." It is evident
therefore that the Church of God is the Law
of God and the actual edifice is but one symbol
thereofcollective
center which unites various people, nativities,
tongues and opinions. All find shelter in its
protection and become attracted by it. For
example, His Holiness Moses and the Mosaic
Law were the unfying' center for the scattered
sheep of Israel. He united these wandering
flocks, brought them under con-trol of Divine
Law, educated them, unified them, caused them
to agree and uplifted them to a superlative
degree of development. At a time when they
were debased they became glorified; ignorant
they were made knowing; in the bonds of cap-
tivity they were given freedom; in short they
were unified. Day by day they advanced un-
til they attained the highest degree of prog-
ress witnessed in that age. It is therefore
proven that the Manifestation of God and the
Law of God accomplish unity.
It is self-evident that humanity is at vari-
ance. Human tastes differ ;--thoughts, nativi-
ties, races and tongues are various. The need
of a Collective Center by which these differ-
ences may -be counterbalanced and the people
of the world be unified, is obvious. Consider
how nothing but a spiritual power can bring
about this unification ;--for material conditions
and mental aspects are so widely different that
agreement and unity are impossible through
outer means. But it is possible for all to be-
come unified through one Spirit just as all
may receive light from one sun. Therefore
assisted by the Collective and Divine Center,
which is the Law of God and the Reality of
His Manifestation, We can overcome these con-
ditions until they pass away entirely and the
races advance.
Consider the tie of His Holiness Christ.
How many different peoples, races and govern-
ments there were; how many varying sects
and denominations; but when His Holiness ap-
peared, the Messianic Reality proved to be the
Collective Center which brought together and
unified/them beneath the same tabernacle of
amity. Reflect a moment! Could His Holi-

