 AM ABDUL-BAHA, AND NO 
ONIGHT, I desire to spealt to you on a most important subject, which you
must engrave on the tablets of your hearts like unto the engraving of pic-
tures on aclamantine rock, to the extent that you may never forget it, and as
you travel through life will relate it to the believers of God.
It is this: The Holy, Divine Manifestations are unique and peerless. They
are the arch-types of celestial and spiritual virtues in their own age and cycle.
They stand on the summit of the Mount of Vision and they foreshadow the per-
fections of the evolving humanity.
or example: during the dispensation of His Holiness Moses--Peace be upon
was not a single human soul similar or like unto Him. He surpassed
all the Holy Souls who came after Him, even the hosts of the lsraelitish prophets.
In a similar manner all the people who lived during the cycle of His Holiness Christ
my life be a sacrifice to under His spiritual authority. They
had no will of their own. He was the Sun and the others were the lamps. He
was unique and peerless, the center and the focul point of the mighty forces.
Everyone else was under His shadow. He was the Orb and the others were the
stars. He was also unique and peerless. Everyone caught the rays of Light from
Him, and was enkindled through His Fire. In a like manner was the epoch of
His Holiness the the life of aught else be a ransom to He
was matchless and without a peer. All the rivers received their strength from that
great sea.
Finally during the cycle of the Blessed Perfection 
My life be a sacrifice to His are beneath His shadow. He is the
Unique and Peerless One till the next Manifestation. It is, however, not definite
that it will be i000 years; it may be Z000, or l0,000 or 20,000 years; but it is
definite that for the coming i000 years there will appear no Manifestation; for
I000 years there shall arise no Sun. All the appearances will be beneath the
shade of the Most Great Appearance; they will be as stars of guidance. All of
them shall gather around this Fountain of Life; all of them will become illumined
with the rays of this Sun; all of them will receive a share and a portion from this
great Sea; all of them will become vivified with this soul imparting breeze and
all of them will be under the down-pour of this rain. The aim is this: His
Holiness the BAB gave the Glad-tidings concerning the Appearance of the
Manifestion of God, and His Holiness, the Blessed Perfection, was the "Prom-
ised One" of all the nations and religions. The BAB was the "Morning Star,"
heralding the glorious Dawn of the Sun of Reality. Now all of us are under Its
shadow and receive the refulgent Bestowals from It.
I am Abdul-Baha and no more. I am not pleased with whomsoever praises
me with any other title. I am the Servant at the Threshold of the Blessed Perfec-

