114- STAR OF THE WEST
. .. W,
   . THE PA LACE OF PEACE
    in   AT THE HAGUE.
wk i ""71  I 
 This noble building is not a pathetic futility,
but the symbol of a great and growing idea,
I peace on earth, good will between men.
 Amid the clash of arms the very existence
of the Palace of Peace is forgotten, but it still
I i stands at the Dutch seaport, a prophecy and
portent of the time that, distant though it now
seems, is surely coming, when men shall beat
their swords into ploughshares and their spears
into pruning-hooks, and the nations 
war DO 

From 'Che Christian Commonwealth
London, England
TIME T0 ABOLISH WAR--THE BEGINNINGS OF WORLD UNITY
From the Chicago Daily News
While the present war is unoouotedly to be a great ica is laying the foundation of the new programme,
step preparatory to the downfall of imperialism and The Federation of the World.
the end of the present system of world government, This brings up another point: What is the pres-
where each nation presumes to keep up an armed force ent European war all about?
wherewith to settle its disputes, the beginnings of You know the alleged cause--that Austria declares
real world government by law are taking place. Servia should be punished for fostering the move
The two significant factors in laying the founda- me"-t t? 
tions of an intelligent parliament of man are Holland A Cause 18 ancient between
ahd the United states of America" German and Slav. War is collective hate.
-Since the"]ay treaty of 1794, which introduced arbi- .A. feast"; deeper and m?re Teal 15 that
tration into the modern practice of nations, the mllhonsg 1.11811 at? kept utuikr arms' dune 1m"
United States has been a leader in the peaceful set- "nth notwns ?f glory' 'mg hence
tleinent of international dififerences. Zlgugqfir is andoultlet forft their ent usiasm
Since the meeting of the first peace conference at '3 The ciuige ggrawgi icsergilitery preparedness
Thfi 111  HOllaHd has been the Of Whe a nation ns of llars ?0 fi
international development' sooner or laggr they to seeothem firbd cig-
By virtue of its position and its tradition the Dutch when 500 009 'young men have been practicing with
city of The Hague has become the unofficial capital guns for 3?earS by and by they want to shoot Some.
of the new world order. b0dy_ 
That new world order is that nations shall no more That is 3b01_11; an there is to it, Europgs method
appeal to arms in their dealings one with another, of keeping the peace--by maintaining enormous arm-
but shall bring their case into law and settle it by aments--is the most towering folly that the minds
reason. of crazy men can conceive.
The necessary corollary oi this although out of The plain, simple, sensible thing for Europe to do
respect for the high-mightiness of the nations it is is to form a union somewhat on the
not mentioned, is that nations shall cease the prac- order of _the United States of America. Then each
tice of keeping up each a huge army and navy. nation might attend to its own affairs and all inter-
It is the presence, the existence, of large arma- nfitlonal dlsbutes C911-1d be by Z1 
mehts that was the cause of the European Outbreak tribunal. At the disposal of this tribunal, to enforce
The unwillingness of nations to abandon militarism 1'15 decrees should be 0116 army and One navy-
and to agree upon ieg-31 arbitration is costing them War between one European state and ai_iother,_ as
untold lives and treasw-e_ between Austria and Servia, should be as impossible
Pride, medievalism, autocracy and militarism are a5TV1';ar Ohm "Ed Indiana' .
not mere picturesque stupidity; they contain in them- 0 em-Y Qf entlre mmonal Independence has
Selves the seeds of the destruction of the World. _roken down. _Nat1ons are mutually,depend_ent. What
Through the efloi-ts of Mr. Bryan twenty-one coun- tlgeugfifiegiee lgfilres the ?th6r' Ones 1?55 15 11? mme
tries (July 24, 1914) have entered into treaties War would mean inconceivable
mg the peace plan' ruin It would destro the works of man that have
While these treaties in minor details, they been' slowly perfectingy for yealls It would be to
are all similar to the agreement between the United Eu,-ope what the earthquake and fire were to San
States and Honani Francisco. It would be pure destruction.
The main thing in_a1l the treaties mentioned is Perhaps it will take a hideous universal conflict
tbfit the two nations 111 thfi ??mP3-Ct 3-Efee that all f0r_the nations to see this. When _they have wasted
disputes between them,_of ev_ery_nature whatsoever, their substance and decimated their population and
shall be referred for investigation and report to a stand bleeding, bankrupt and beggared, then they
permanent international _comm.issio_n." may be restored to their right minds.
_They agree not_to begin h05t111t1Es until this com- Perhaps_ then they may see that national vanity
mission has made its report. and touchiness, truculency and war preparedness are
That 1S the gist of the matter. N0 treaty is worth as terribly destructive and idiotic in a state as vanity
the paper it is written on unless all disputes are to be bullying and boasting are vicious in a boy. . . . 
a._rbitrated. S0 long as there is a loophole for ques- Possibly when they have had their fight out and
tions of honor so long will nations have an ex- are prostrate from their insane anger they may be
cuse to continue the abhorrent practice of militarism. willing to look across the sea to _these mighty states
Rulers of the world, you must get together and lay bounding forward in that prosperity that is the fruit
down your arms or you will perish by your own of c0~operat1on.
Nations learn slowly and oftentimes at a dear price.
A United States of the World is as necessary as And it may take the incalculable horror of a vast
a United States of America. European to teach the states of the old
Only so will the intolerable burden of military world how vain and how unworkable is the wornout
preparedness be lifted from the backs of the world's idea of rival empires safeguarded by armed forces,
Workers. and how practical 1S the idea 'of federation secured
'Only so will the menace of Armageddon, brought by law.
on by chauvinistic madness, b_e removed. _And _it may be that in the mysterious mind of des-
No permanent peace 1S possible by preponderance tiny this dread havoc is designed to be the means of
of arms. bringing about the United States of Europe.
And quietly but surely the 'United States of Amer- FRANK CRANE

