STAR OF THE WEST 117
school of Peace and the evils of war. First:
The financiers and bankers must desist from
lending money to any government contem-
plating to wage an unjust war upon an inno-
cent nation. Second: The presidents and
managers of the railroads and steamship com-
panies must refrain from transporting war
ammunition, infernal engines, guns, cannons
and powder from one country into another.
Third: The soldiers must petition, through
their representatives, the Minis-ters of \'Var, the
politicians, the Congressmen and the generals
to put forth in a clear, intelligible language the
reasons and the causes which have brought them
to the brink of such a national calamity. The
soldiers must demand this as one of the pre-
rogatives. 'Demonstrate to us,' they must say,
'that this is a just war, and we will then enter
in-to the battlefield otherwise we will not take
one step. ye kings and rulers, politicians and
war-mongers; ye who spend your lives in
most exquisite palaces of Italian architecture;
ye who sleep in airy, well-ventilated apart-
ments; ye who decorate your reception and
dining halls with lovely pictures, sculptures,
hangings and fresco-es; ye who walk in per-
fect elysiums, wreathed in orange and 
groves, the air redolent with delicio-us per-
fumes and vocal with the sweet songs of a
thousand birds, the earth like a luxuriant car-
pet of emerald grass, bright flowers dotting
the meadows and trees clothed in verdure; ye
who are dressed in costly silk and finely-
Woven textures; ye who lie down on soft,
feathery couches; ye who partake of the most
delicious and savoury dishes; ye who enjoy the
utmost ease and comfort in your wondrous
mansions; ye who attend rare musical concerts
whenever you feel a little disconcerted and
sad; ye who adorn your large halls with green
festoons and cut flowers, fresh garlands and
verdant wreaths, illumining them with thou-
sands of electric lights, while the exquisite
fragrance of the flowers, the soft, ravishing
music, the fairy-like illumination, lends en-
chantment; ye who are in such environment:
Come forth from your 11iding~places, enter into
the 'battlefield if you like to attack each other
and tear each other to pieces if you desire to air
your so-called contentions. The discord and
feud are between you; why do you make us, in-
nocent people, a pa.rty to it? If fighting and
bloodshed are good things, then- lead us into
the fray by your presence l'
"In short, every means that produces war
must be checked and t-he causes that prevent
the occurrence of War be advanced that
physical conflict may b-ecome an impossibility.
On the other hand, every country must be
properly delimited, its exact frontiers marked,
its national integrity secured, its permanent
independence protected, and its vital interests
honored by the family of nations. These ser-
vices ought to be rendered by an impartial,
international Commission. In this manner all
causes of friction and differences will be re-
moved. And in case there should arise some
disputes between them, they could arbitrate be-
fore the Parliament of Man, the representatives
of which should be chosen from among the
wisest and most judicious mien of all the na-
tions of the world."
OTHER QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS
Bahais?"
Abdul-Baha answered: "In the world
of humanity, every person is stimulated by a cer-
tain objective point. The objective point of a soul
is the acquirement of wealth. He concentrates all
his ambition around the actualization of this
cherished hope. The objective point of an-
other soul is to attain the highest ofiicial posi-
tion. He strives day and night to gain the
confidence of the public and the administra-
tive authorities, so that they may prom.ote him,
through his merit, to the position of honor and
fame among his fellow-m-en. The objective
point of a third person is the acquisition of sci-
ence and art. He spends all his energy and
force in this direction. The objective point of
a fourth soul is to satisfy his selfish appetites
WHAT is the objective point of the
and lust. He thinks of no other things save
those elements which might contribute to the
gratification of his animal propensities. But
the objective p-oint of the Bahais is to pro-
mote the Principles of to unfurl
the Flag of Divine Brotherhood, to serve the
cause of Universal Peace, to spiritualize man-
kind through the Breaths of the Holy Spirit,
and to establish the kingdom of justice, love
and mercy in the hearts of the people of the
world. This is the objective point of the Ba-
hais. Dost thou think it is worthy of emula-
tion? In comparison to this, all the other ob-
jective points are trivial and unworthy of one's
devotion. We must live in such a manner as
to merit the attainment of this Most Great
Bestowall This is our glory! This is our
comfort! This is the sublimity of our effort!

