STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post ofiice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3.1879.
Editorial Slafl: ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. 21.5; M. BAGDAD1
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Terms: $1.50 per year; 15 cents per copy
Non --Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111,, U, 5. A.
To personal checks please acid suflicient to cover the banii exchange.
i 7 7
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
0 thou Star of the West! ma IS con!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future, thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) Anus.
Vol. Iamal 1, 70 (April Z8, 1914) No. 3
THE BREAKING DOWN QF CASTE
[From The Christian Commonwealth]
MONG the pilgrims now at Haifa
A are a group of Indianswam-011g whom is
a young Hindu of high caste--who- by
crossing the sea and living in the pilgrim house
with Zoroastrians, Jews, and Mohammedans
have crossed the rubi-con and -broken down the
Wall of caste which presents such an impene-
trable barrier to the Christian missionary.
It is extraordinarily interesting to talk to
these Indians and get an insight into their
minds. On-e, a lawyer by profession, explained
to me that they avoid as much as possible all
reference to religion, lest discussion should
open a door to- the investigation of Christianity,
so that the faith of his forefathers was to him
a mere form. Yet he said there is in the Hindu
scriptures a prophecy that whenever irreligion
prevails on earth, a new prophet wi'll arise to
re-establish religion. Another of the pilgrims
here is a master of the upper form in a Gov-
ernment school in India, in which 75 per cent
of the pupils are Mohammedans. It is inevit-
able that the libe-ral spirit of this man, filled
with. high ideals of brotherhood and inter-
nlationalism, should pernie-ate the minds of his
pupils, -even though he does not teach them re-
ligion, and thus these future citizens of our
Inzdian Empire may be saved from the dangers
of so-called "nationalism" and freed from the
hide-bound prejudice of creed. Thus the 
spirit is today everywhere leavening the minds
of men and ushering in the new era of peace
and goodwill.
Abdul-Ba-ha is now visiting Acca and living
in the house of close to the prison
where he was brought as a child with his saintly
father, and the seventy Persian exiles who
were banished with their leader to the Turkish
penal settlemen-t f0I'ty--six years ago.
It is wonderful to see the venerable figure of
the revere-d Bahai leader passing through the
narrow streets of this ancient town, whee-re he
lived for forty years as a political prisoner, and
to note the deep respect with which he is
saluted by the Turkish officials and the officers
of the garrison from the Governor downward,
who visit him constantly and listen with the
deepest attention to his words. "The Master"
does not teach in Syria as he did in the West,
but he goes about doing good, and Moham-
me-dans and Christians alike share his benefac-
tions-. From sunrise often till midnight he
works, in spite of broken health, never sparing
himself if there is a wrong to be righted or a
suffering to- be relieved. To Christians who
regard Ab-dull-Baha with impartial and sym-
pathetic eyes, this Wonderful selfless life cannot
fail to recall that life whose tragic termination
on Calvary the whole Christian world recalls
today.
M. 
Acca, Good Friday.

