106 STAR OF
assumes. Until existing prejudices pass away it
is impossib-le for the World of humanity to
advance. Everywhere we witness religious,
racial, sectarian, patriotic or political bias and
partisanship.
For six thousand years the World of human-
ity has been restless and the cause of its rest-
lessness is prejudice. As long as prejudice re-
mains, warfare will continue, animosity and
hatred will prevail. Therefore if we seek to
establish peace We must cast aside all these
prejudices for otherwise it is impossible to find
agreement and composure.
ECONOMIC READIUSTMENT.
Fifth: Among the t-eachings of 
are principles which concern the read-
justment of livelihood, that is to say, certain
regulations are revealed which insure the wel-
fare and well being of all humanity. Just as
the rich man enjoys his rest and his pleas-
ures surroun-ded by luxuries, the poo-r man
must likewise have a home, be provided with
sustenance, and not be in want. In order that
all human kind may be at ease, the readjust-
ment of the economical situation. is necessary
and of the utmost importance; until this is
effected happiness is impossible.
EQUALIZATION or RIGHTS.
Sixth: The equalization of rights-. All are
equal in the estimation of God; their rights
are one and there is no distinction for any
soul; all are protected beneath the justice of
God.
EDUCATION OF ALL.
Seventh: The same education of all man-
kind is a necessi-ty. All the standards of edu-
cation in schools must be the same, that is to
say the same curriculum should be followed
and the basis of ethics should be one.
A UNIVERSAL LANGUAGE,
Eighth: The oneness of language, namely
that a universal language shall be adopted
which shall be taught by all the schools and
academies of the world. Acommittee appointed
by national bodies of learning shall elect a suit-
able language to be used as a. means of inter-
national communication, and that language shall
be taught in- all the schools of the world in
order that everyone shall need but two lan-
guages, his natio-nal tongue and the universal
THE WEST
language. All will acquire the international
language. This is one of the great factors in
the unification of man.
EQUALITY OF MEN AND WOMEN.
Among the principles of is one
which concerns the equality of men and women;
--tha-t men and women are all the progeny of
Adam. For female and the male gender are
not particularized to human.i'ty. Gender also
exists in -the vegetable and animal kingdoms,
but without distinction or preference. Consider
that in the vegetable kingdom there is no pref-
eren-ce whatsoever between male and female;
there is complete equality._ Likewise in the ani-
mal kingdom,between male and the female there
is no preference whatever; all are beneath the
protection of God. Man is the noblest of crea-
tures. Is it becoming that he should observe
such distinction? Unquestion-ably it is not. The
lack o-f progress and development by Women
has been due to the lack of equal education.
If women had been educated equally with
men, there is no doubt that they would be
the peers of men, and that the capacities of
the men would be acquired by them. The
happiness of mankind will be realized when
women advance equally with men. Then Will
it be complete.
PROTECTION OF THE HOLY SPIRIT.
The ninth principle which He set forth is
that the world of humanity cannot truly ad-
vance through mere physical powers and intel-
lectual attainments. Nay rather, in order that
the world may really and wonderfully ad-
vance, the protection of the Holy Spirit is
needed; t-he Divine Father must as-sist the hu-
man world to attain maturity. The human
body is in need of mater-ial force, but the spirit
has need of the Holy Spirit. Were it not for
the protection of the Holy Spirit the human
world wo-uld be extinguished. His Holiness
Jesus Christ declared "L-et the dead bury the
dead." This statement of His Holiness indi-
cates "That which is born of the flesh -is flesh,
and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit,"
and it becomes manifest that the human spirit
which is not protected beneath the Holy Spirit
is dead. It is clear that the human spirit is in
need of the resuscitation of the Holy Spirit,
otherwise though materially advanced man
cannot attain full and complete progress.
 
OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue contains: (1) The necessity Of an (3) the necessity Of Unify;
(S) the Lord tests mankind; (4) two kinds of Doctors; (5) "Adrnonish, for admonishing is beneficial to the believ
ers"; (6) translation of article published in a Budapest newspaper--an echo of Abdul-Baha's visit; (7) the necessity
of Religion--continued; (8) Bahai students graduate from Beyrut Follege; (9) news from the Holy Land.

