STAR OF THE WEST 197
One division is essential and concerns the
world of morality. What is this? It is the
Knowledge of God- It consists of the Love
of God, the love of humanity, ethical institu-
tions, the virtues of the world of humanity,
the attributes of the Kingdom of God, and
the new birth or being born out of the kingdom
of nature. These constitute one kind of law
which is absolutely common to all and never
subject to change. From the dawn of the
Adamic day until the present day it has re-
mained changeless. This is the foundation of
the Divine Religion.
As to the second is accidental,
of no importance and comprises laws Which
provide for human needs and transactions;
--with the exigencies of time and place. The-se
are of no importance and should never have
been made a bone of contention. For example,
during the time of His Holiness 
Him be Peace to the exigencies of
the time, divorce was permissible. During the
cycle of His Holiness Christ, inasmuch as that
was out of conformity with the times, there-
fore His Holiness Jesus Christ abrogated it.
During the time of Moses plurality of wives
was permissible because the exigencies of the
times demanded -it, but during the time of His
Holiness Christ that exigency did not exist,
therefore plurality of wives was abrogated or
forbidden. His Holiness Moses lived in the
wilderness. He dwelt in the Sahara or wil-
derness of Terah, hence His ordinances and
commandments were in accordance with the
time and place. For instance, if a man com-
mitted theft in those days to the extent of a
dollar, they could cut off his hand. Now such
an ordinance as this is in keeping with the
desert, but at the present time could a hand
be cut oif because of the theft of a dollar?
Even the theft of a million dollars could not
be punished in that manner. Such ordinances
constitute the second or non-essential division
of the Divine Religions and are not important,
for they deal with human transactions and
changes according to the requirements or ex-
igencies of time and place. The times change
and appear in various aspects.
But let it be known that the foundations of
the Divine Religions are one, and so long as
the foundations of the Divine Religions are
one, why should this enmity and strife exist
among them? Why this rancor and sedition?
Why this bloodshed and battle? Why this
ferocity? Is this permissible? Not at all.
God forbid!
The third essential principle of 
was that religion must be the cause of unity
and love amongst men. Every religion is the
greatest divine efiulgence, the cause of life
amongst men, the cause of the honor of hu-
manity, and is productive of the life everlasting
amongst humankind. Religion is not for enmity
or hatred. It is not for tyranny or injustice.
If religion be the cause of enmity and rancor,
if it should prove the cause of alienating men,
assuredly non--religion would -be better. For re-
ligion and 'the teachings which appertain to it are
as a course of treatment. l/Vhat is the object of
any course of treatment? It is cure and healing.
But if the outcome of a course of treatment
should be productive of mere diagnosis and
discussion of the abolition of it is
evidently preferable. In this sense, abandon-
ing religion would be some steps toward unity.
religion must conform with rea-
son and accord with the postulates of science.
For religion is reality; science is a reality;
reason is a reality; and the three being realities
must be conformable. A question which is re-
ligiou.s in its nature must be sanctioned by
science. Science must declare it to be valid
and reason must confirm it in order that it
may inspire confidence. But if a religious
teaching be at variance with science and rea-
son, it is undoub-tedly superstition. The Lord
of mankind has bestowed upon us reason
whereby we are to discern the reality of objects.
How then can we accept any proposition which
is not in conformity with the principles of
reason and the postulates of science? Assuredly
such a course can not inspire man with con-
fidence.
The Teachings of are numer-
ous. I am giving you a synopsis only. Let
me touch upon one more:
The Fifth Principle of con-
cerns equality between men and women. He
declares that all are created by the One God,
and in His image and likeness. In the estima-
tion of God there is no distinction of gender.
He who is purer in heart, he whose knowledge
is greater, who is kinder to his servants,--the
Lord considers him the nearest, be that one
male or female. In the animal and vegetable
kingdoms we find the distinction of gender.
All 'the plants which you observe are male and
female. All the trees that you see are male
and female. All the animals are subject to that
distinction. But in their own estimation you
will find no distinction. They do not set up any
distinction among themselves. Nay rather, in

