STAR OF THE WEST 89
assembly here, and has worked there so effect-
ually that that branch outnumbers the original
one.
Meetings or classes are held here every Fri-
day morning (the national day for religious
observance) in five different quarters. The
boys vary in age from the very smallest to
eighteen years. Each class teacher has an
assistant, while two go about supervising and
inspecting from district to district. It is
rather interesting to note that practically
all these teachers are of Musselman origin,
whether teaching in the Jewish, Zoroastrian or
Mohammedan quarters. The boys collectively
number about one hundred and fifty here in
Teheran.
Six grades of work have been arranged:
lessons in Persian, concerning the
moral teachings of all the great prophets. The
duties of a Bahai, etc.
SEcoNn--Lessons along the same lines but in
Arabic.
TH1Rn--Hidden Words explained and mem~
orized together with the Tablets of this Mani-
festation, 
Ighcm and Kitub-el-Akdas.
FIFTH--M0far1ezat (Mme. Dreyfus--Barney's
"Some Answered Questions").
Sadr's Proofs. (Hadji Sadr
is no longer living and this book is still in
document form.)
After the noonday meal the teachers gather
under the instruction of Mirza Ozeezollah
Khan (Mostofi)--Arabic teacher in the Boys'
Tarbiat schools and trained at Beyrout.
Later in the evening they consult together
as to the matter and method of teaching.
Thus the entire day is given up to the work
of the Cause and every effort is made to
spread the Teachings. The president or chair-
man of this assembly, Mirza Nearnatollah
Khan, joined a football team in order to teach
two or three Musselman members.
LILLIAN F. Karrns,
 -
VISIT TO PHILADELPHIA
[Continued from page 87]
are written for the sake of Love. All the
prophets have borne trials and in
order that Love may become established in the
hearts of the children of God. The wise men
and philosophers of every age have suffered and
endured so that this Love might become reality.
But ignorant, selfish man does not let it be-
come a reality. Every day a veil is created;
every day a new darkness is seen. Every day
an impenetrable cloud appears so that the rays
of the Sun of Truth are not manifest. One
must live fortified against passion and desire.
We must obey the command of God. We
must live according to the Good Pleasure of
the Lord. The Good Pleasure of the Lord lies
in Love. The Good Pleasure of the Lord is
the illumination of the world of humanity, and
the illumination of the world of humanity is
Love. I hope that all of you may become the
manitestors of Divine Love. Like the angels
may you become united! May you bloom like
the flowers and trees in the garden! May you
becom-e fruitful like the trees in the orchard!
So may you become Children of the Kingdom!"
After this talk Abdul-Baha went for a walk
and the friends gradually disbursed. There
were many people present to whom the teach-
ings were new.
AT TI-IE BAPTIST TEMPLE.
At eight Abdul-Baha arrived at the
Baptist Temple, Broad and Berks streets. Dr.
Conwell went forward and greeted him most
cordially, taking both his hands in his own, and
seated him with evident pleasure and joy. The
collection had just been taken and Abdul-Baha
directed Mirza Ahmad Sohrab to place money
in the collection plate. This is Abdul-Baha's
invariable custom. In every church where he
has spoken he has given to-wards its support,
according to the needs of that church.
The talk* that evening was long and com-
p-lete, going in-to detail on many points. It was
listen-ed to by about 2,500 people. After the
service, Abdul-Baha spent some time in Dr.
Conwell's study, meeting different ones. Here
again, as in the morning, the people crowded
around him to feel the touch of his hand or
hear a word from him. Such is the power of
the Spirit of 
The Monday morning newspapers had most
favorable items, many of them taking sections
of the Sunday talks at the two churches ver-
batim. The Spirit of had already
quickened the City of Philadelphia. Although
Abdul~Baha's visit to this city covered but
*See No. 7 issue of the STAR OF THE WEST.

