STAR OF THE WEST 5
I hope that a powerful influence may remain
in your hearts, signs of eternal joy and happi-
ness that will illumine the lights of the King-
dom in this city. May the breezes of the I-loly
$pirit breathe upon you that your intelligence
may progress and your souls be joyful in God.
Thus will you become real and eternal beings,
shining in the Divine Kingdom.
'mi
NQT UNLOOSE YOUR TQNGUES SAVE FOR CONVEYING
THE 
From a Tablet revealed by Abdul-Baha
OW you must engage in the service of the
Cause of God with the utmost firmness,
steadfastness and resolution, and expend
day and night in the promotion of the Religion
of God. D0 not unloose your tongues save for
conveying the Message! Do not behold save
the Kingdom of WlSl1 for no other
companion save the True One. Do ye not de-
sire other associate save turning thy face to-
ward the Supreme Horizon. Do ye not Search
for any other delicacy save the Heavenly Food,
and do ye not hope for any other sweetness
save the love of the Beauty of ABHA.
Praise be to God, that the Standard of Vic-
tory is unfurled over that region, and the fame
of The Covenant has reached the ear of every
wise and intelligent person.
Spiritual means are prepared. The Merciful
Table is spread and the Banquet and the Feast
of the LORD is inexhaustible. Now is the time
of attraction and ecstasy that region may
become wholly illumined and that worthless
dust be changed into fragrant musk.
I declare by the Blessed Perfection 
my life be a sacrifice to His be-
lievers--tl1at if the believers arise to act accord-
ing to the good-pleasure of the Blessed Per-
fection, the lights will be revealed, the mys-
teries discovered, the veils rent asunder, the
darkness dispelled, the verses of unity chanted,
and the melodies of the spiritual music of the
Glorious Lonn sung!
SHOW YE AN EFFORTE UN-
LABOR 
so that the Everlasting Bounty be realized,
Eternal Life be destined, and the nostrils be
perfumed with the Holy Fragrances!
AND SPREAD FAR AND WIDE THE
TEACHINGS OF 
INSTRUCTIONS TO BAHAI TEACHERS
"Thou must live in such a spiritual condition that thy very presence in the
meetings may transform the audiences."
\tV0rds of Abdul-Baha to l\-lrs. Stannard before her departure for India.
CONSECRATE all thy time to the service
of the Kingdom of God and the propaga-
tion ot its principles. Let thine own supreme
concern be the promotion of the VVord of God.
Thou wilt ever be surrounded by the invisible
angels of Confirmations and they will always
come to thy assistance. Whenever thou dost
enter a meetin-g, raise thy voice and say:
ye believers of God! This day is the day
of your attraction./i This day" is the day in
-zuhich you must difiuse the of God!
This day is the day that you must unfurl the
Banner of the Kingdom of This day is
the day of Peace and Concord! This day is
the day of the [1r0clan1aii0n of the oneness of
the world of hu1nan1'ty! This day 1's the day
of forgiz'e-ness and leniency! This day ~z's the
day of Truth and righteousness! This day is
the day of concihation and heatitude! This day
is the day of ctwakening and enh2'nd'Ze1nent!
I/Vaste not your precious time in fr!-ult-findii-z-g
and Zvac/e-biting. Polish the surface of the mir-
rors of your hearts from the dross of human
fmilties. If you live according to the standard
of other conunumlttes, then what di_fi'e1'ence does
there exist between you and them? 
has summoned you to such a lofty the
very thought of which is too dazzling ct pros-
pect! He has not chosen you to he satisfied
with water and clay!"
Thou must live i11 such a Spiritual condition
that thy very presence in the meetings may
transform the audiences into the congregations
of the elect and set aglow in their hearts the

