6 STAR OF
fire of the Love of God. Exalt thy ambition!
Universalize thy ideals! Spread thy wings of
compassion over all the regions of the globe.
If some people come to thee alone complaining
against each other, don't listen to them, don't
let them breathe the faults of others in thy
presence. Tell them: have not come here
to engage my time with these things. I am not
a judge. I have come to summon the people to
the Kingdom of ARI-IA, to call you to unity and
accord, to raise the dead, make nn'nd'ful those
who are unawa1'e, those who are asleep,
breatite new life into the moulclering bones and
sound the trumpet of res:1m'ec'tien! Friends!
It it high time for you to throw away these
tales, these barren stories. God is not pleased
with them, humanity is not pleased with them.
Your time is too costly to be expended on these
trifling events. You are made in the image and
likeness of God. Your birthright is more valu-
able than all the treasures of the empires.
THE WEST
Arise with heart and soul and let not these
golden days slip by without results! This day
is the (lay .,oi the splendors of the Sun of
Reality! This day is the day of the Lord of
the Kingdom! This day is the day of the ful-
fillment of glorious promises! This Clay is the
day of joyiand fragrance!"
Petty bickerings and jealousies make one lose
all the traces of spirituality, ex-communicate a
person from the divine company of the worthy
ones, submerge one in the sea of phantasms,
suffer one to become cold and pessimistic and
throw him headlong into- the depths of despair
and hopelessness! You must not listen to any-
one speaking about another; because n-o sooner
do you listen to one than you must listen to
someone else, and thus the circle will be en-
larged endlessly. Therefore, say to them: 
friends! Let us come together, forget all our
seli-thoughts and be in one accordour voices, 
"This Call shall fill the East and the West, and will continue throrughout ages
and cycles!"
Extract from a Tablet revealed by Ab-dul-Baha.
IT is very acceptable and seasonable that
thou hast taken this voyage. The Apostles
o-f His Holiness Christ were always traveling and
calling the people to the Kingdom of God. Con-
sequently, walk thou in their footsteps. Travel
thou to every country and under all circum-
stancesraise the Call of the Kingdom of God.
Mankind, like unto children, are satisfied with
water and clay, and love to play with their
"The Progress of the Cause depends
play-things. Their am-hitions are very interior.
Praise be to God! that thou hast a lofty ambi-
tion; therefore arise in calling the people to the
Kingdom of God.
This Call shall fill the East and the VVest,
and will continue throughout all ages and cycles.
It is endless. That is why in this clay, the wise
and perceiving souls exalt the ideal and engage
in heralding the Kingdom of God!"
upon the Energy and Wisdom of the
Teachers."
Vi/lords of Abdul-Baha to on the eve of the latter's departure for
Constantinople.
THOU hast been with me for a long time,
and I have grown to love thee very much.
I love people I do not tell them to their
faces. You know ho-w- much I love Mirza-
Abul-Fazl and Haji-Mirza-Heydar-Ali, but I
have seldom told them to their faces. I am
sending thee away. Thou art not alone. The
hosts of the Supreme Concourse are with thee.
They will assist thee and reinforce thee under
all conditions. Doctors tell me I mu-st com-
pletely rest. . . . When I hear good news
from the believers, then my health is improved.
Now if thou longest t0 see me in goo-d condi-
tion, go away and serve the Cause and instruct
the souls. The news of thy spiritual conquest
Will make me Well. VVherever thou goest, an-
nounce the wonderful Bahai greeting to the
teachers of the Cause, and tell them on my
behalf:
"The responsibility of the steady progress of
the Cause depends upon yon! -Yen are the
physicians of the sick body of the world of
You must no-t stay anywhere for a
long time. Travel ye from land to land like
the Apostles of Christ, and carry with you the
glad-tidings of the kingdom of ABHA to the
remotes-t corners of the earth!
"ll/hy are ye silent? l/Vhy are
ye sitfz'ng.? Why are ye quiet? 
This is not the day of rest and comfort. Travel
ye constantly, and spread far and wide the
Teachings of God! Like unto the stars arise

