22 STAR OF THE WEST
the Bahai Movement;" on February 4th, she
ad,dressed the students of the Theistic Society
on "Individual Spiritual Progress," and on
the 6th, she spoke in the Theosophical hall,
on the "Messengers of God."
On the 7th of February, Mrs. Stannard
spoke in the same hall on "The Mission of
Religions."
On the 8th, Mrs. Getsinger Went to the
Ideal Seminary boys' school, distributed prizes
to the students and spoke on "Service as an
Act of Worship."
Mrs. Stannard left Bombay on the 10th for
Madras. There she spent about five days.
Through the Editor of The New Reformer,
D. Gopaul Chetty, she was invited by the The-
istic Society of Madras and the next day she
delivered a lecture before the Bramo-Somajis
in their hall.
Later, Mrs. Stannard went to Calcutta to
invite the people to' the blessed Table of ABHA.
N. R. Vakil.
[The Theistic Conference of 1913, was held in Karachi, India, December 25th to the
28th, inclusive. Mrs. I. Stannard represented the Bahai Movement. The following article
is reprinted from The Sind Gazette, India, issue of December 30th. It was reproduced in
the February issue of The New Reformer, Madras, 
WHAT THE BAI-IAI SAYS TO THE 
Mrs. Stannard at the Karachi Conference--An Interesting Exposition.
From a Correspondent.
the meeting in Karachi of the All-India
A Theistic object of which
was to assemble representatives of all
creeds whose basis is belief in God, with the
object of promoting inter-religious union and
address was delivered by Mrs. Stan-
nard, the Bahai teacher now touring India,
as follows 
"Personally, I stand for one of the greatest
Movements towards unity in spirit and deed
that history presents in our day under the
name of religion. I allude to the great Per-
sian reformation called the Bahai Movement.
The founder or revealer of its teachings, born
in the dawning years of the 19th century,
ushered in the spiritual renascence of his most
downfallen country and promulgated ethics
that stand today a movement of lo-ve and wis-
dom for the universal good.
"His message is spreading rapidly over great
areas of land in the Middle East, the Russian
borderland, Europe and America.
"The great liberal speech delivered by your
venerable President, Dr. Sunderland, was a
special pleasure for the hearing of Bahai so-uls,
for we listened to the perfect expressions of
these Bahai ideals and beliefs grandly echoed
by a far Western brother. Today wherever
Bahais are found able to meet adherents to
the principles enunciated by your movement,
rest assured of the joyful hand-clasp, the
glad greeting which only attuned minds can
give to one another. Today those who work
for the unification of races and religions are
the guardians of Truth and Peace. Our plat-
form is your platform, your ideals ours. In
standing for union and brotherhood we stand
for the greatest force in the world, the ir-
resistible one of l-ove.
Living in a wonderful era in the world's
history, we witness the early developments of
a new and holy dispensation. Another and
higher step in the great spiral of evolution has
been entered upon and we are on the thresh-
old of great and glorious human possibilities.
Consciousness is being quickened by a truer
sense of man's duty to man. The Sun oi
Truth is piercing through the veils of ignorance
and bigotry, and those of us who stand free
to express the light within, are almost dazzled
by the splendor of what we know must come
to advance hum-anity. Already we feel the
heat of the great fire that brotherly love shall
ultimately kindle in every clime--and I for
one am sure the future is radiant with joy
and hope.
"While touching now this happy string I am
unable to forget the great ones of the past, the
noble army of pioneers in every land and race,
often to great causes! Those leaders
towards the'higher freedom who prepared
the w'ay we now tread in this great tolerant
time! All hail! to those unconquerable souls!
All hail to those brave ones who sacrificed all
for truth and righteousness.
"To them was the burden and heat of the
day; to us the softer pastures and time of
fruitage! Let us now offer them the incense
of remembrance.
"Perhaps Bahais are especially qualified to

