I98 STAR OF THE WEST
the animal and vegetable kingdoms perfect
equality is established. Why then should man-
kind establish this differentiation which the
animal does not regard? Why should man
make this estimate when we know that all are
of the same kindred, all belong to the same
progeny? All are the leaves of one tree; al_.
are the waves of one sea! Wherefore this
distinction or differentiation on account of sex?
What is the cause? The only reasonable cause
is that womankind has not received the same
educational facilities as man. For should wo-
man be educated as man, if she receive the
same culture, undoubtedly she will reach the
same level. There will be no distinction. In
the estimation of God there are no differences;
both are one, and as regards capacity .they
possess it equally. Both man and woman are
possessed of capacity and aptitude. If women
are similarly educated, without doubt, generally
speaking, they will receive the same preroga-
tives as man. When His Holiness Christ de-
parted, the disciples witnessed His crucifixion
and it is a fact that they were shaken. Even
Peter the head of the disciples denied His Holi-
ness Christ thrice. Consider how shaken he
was! It was Mary the Magdalene who con-
firmed them after she brought them together.
She admonished them, saying, "Why are ye
doubting, why have ye feared? thou Peter,
why didst thou deny Him? for Christ was not
crucified. The Christ Reality is alive, ever liv-
ing and everlasting! It is eternal! For that
Reality there is no beginning, no ending, and
therefore there will be no death. At most
only the body of Jesus is subject to death." In
brief, that woman singly and alone was instru-
mental in transforming the disciples and mak-
ing them steadfast. Hence we learn that in
womankind there is an extraordinary power
and superlative attributes, and that man and
woman are absolutely equivalent. The one who
is better educated, whose aptitude is greater,
whose efforts are higher is most distinguished
whether man or woman.
In a word, through the Teachings of 
the Eastern Horizon was made radiant.
Souls who hearkened to His Teachings and
accepted His Behests, today live together in
the utmost of amity; in the utmost of good-
fellowship. They even offer life for each other.
They forego possessions for one another, each
one preferring the other to himself. And this
has been due to the declaration of the oneness
of the world of humanity. Today in Persia
there are assemblages held wherein souls who
have listened to the Teachings of 
representing Mohammedans, Christians, Zoroas-
trians, Jews, Buddhists and the various de-
nominations of each, live together with perfect
accord and absolute agreement. There is extra-
ordinary brotherhood amongst them. A won-
derful love exists amongst them, and all o_f
them are a united force for international peace.
Over 20,000 Bahais have virtually given their
lives for the Cause of God. The Governments
of the East arose against them. They wished
to exterminate them. They killed them. But
day by day have they increased, day after
day have they multiplied in strength, day unto
day have they become more eloquent. They
have multiplied in great ratios through that
wonderful power. Consider what is taking
place just now in the Balkans! What blood
is being shed! Ferocious animals do not com-
mit such acts. The most ferocious wolf kills
but one sheep a day, and even that as a prey
for his food. But now in the Balkans one
man destroys ten fellow-beings. Each general
glories in having killed ten thousand men, not
for food, nay rather for greed, for fame and
for the dust of the earth. They kill for national
aggrandizement, notwithstanding this terrestrial
globe is a dark world of grossest matter.
It is a world of sorrow and grief; a world of
disappointment and unhappiness; a world of
death. For the earth is after all the ever-
lasting graveyard, the vast cemetery of man.
Yet men fight to possess this grave-yard, wag-
ing war and battle, killing one another. What
an injustice is this! \/Vhat ignorance! For
the earth after all is spacious, and can hold
all. It is so allotted that every man can de-
rive his daily sustenance from it. The Lord
does not suffer anyone to starve. All can be
blessed with the abtmdant bestowals of God.
But on account of pure superstitions, and by
reason of old theological dogmas which have
nothing to do with the fundamentals of Divine
the sake of such limitations, this
bloodshed is taking place.
As to the American people, this noble nation,
intelligent, thoughtful, meditative;-is quite
disinterested, for its territory is insular and
geographically separated from the other na-
tions. Here we find a oneness of interest, a
oneness of policy. These are indeed United
States. Therefore the United States is pos-
sessed of the capacity and capability of holding
aloft the banner of international peace. May
this nation, this' noble people, be the cause of
unifying humanity! May this noble people
spread broadcast the heavenly civilization and
illumination! May it be the cause of the diffu-

