164 STAR OF THE WEST
sinister motives and satanic passions are battling in the breasts of men. The shafts
of intrigues and diplomatic deceits have b-lackened the sky of man's conscience.
The chancelleries of Europe have become the combustible storehouses of warlike
thoughts. Menacing, hidden forces are brought upon the stage of spectacular
play. Vast of being mobilized and centered at their
frontiers. They are being prepared for the fearful cont-est. The slightest friction
will bring them into a terrific clash, and then there will be a conflagration the like
of which is not recorded in the past history of mankind.
"While in America, I spoke before many Peace Societies, Churches and Con-
ventions, and foretold the fearful consequences of armed peace in Europe. I said
Europe is like unto an arsenal and one tiny spark will cause a universal combustion.
men! Come ye together amd as fair as try to -extinguish this world-
rragihg fire; do your utmost to prevent the occurrence of this general cohfh'ct; mwke
ye ah effort so that this flood-gate of human butchery may not be set loose!' I
found no one to listen to my advice. I searched, but there we-re no hearing ears. I
cried out at the top of my voice, I pleaded, I enunciated the evils o-f war, but
people were self-occu-pied, self--cent-cred. And now this is the result. They have
witnessed, they have experienced in the past that war is conducive to the d-estruction
of the foundation of the edifice of humanity, the cause of devastation of the world
of commerce, industry, arts and trade. The conqueror and the
both losers. Neither party gains any substantial profit. The two
combatants are like unto two ships which collide against each other. One may
sink to the bottom of the sea, but the other will also carry away its injuries and
bruises. Therefore, the victor and the defeated fail to obtain any benefit. The
utmost is this: Tempoira/m'ly one country holds the territory of another. This is of
a short duration. In the course of the life of that nation, a time will sooner or
later come when the conquered will become again the conqueror. In the political
history 0-f France and Germany and their wars, such reverses of national fortunes
have often occurred.
"It is very strange to see how 'Illusion' has taken possession of the hearts
of men, while 'Reality' has no sway whatsoever. For example: 'Racial differ-
ence' is an optical illusion! It is a figment of imagination, yet how deep-seated
and powerful its influence! No one can deny the fact that mankind in toto
are the progeny of Adam; that they are the offshoots of one primal stock; yet
the optical illusion has so radically misrepresented this plain truth that they
have divided and subdivided themselves into so many tribes and nations. This is
German, the other is French; that is English, a fourth is Italian, a fifth is Austrian,
a sixth is Russian, etc. Although many intelligent men amongst them know that
this racial difference is an optical illusion, yet they all confess their inability to
stand firm before its uncanny, invisible power. The Realty is that all mankind are
from one progeny and belong to one family, but although this is the Reality, it
exercises no permanent influence upon the minds. . . . .
"So many wars have taken place! So many countries are devastated, so many
cities are ruined; and yet people are not satisfied with human butchery, are not
satisfied with carnage and bloodshed. Still the hearts are stiff and unfeeling!
Still the souls are callous and cold, still the minds are dark and frigid, still the
people are unsusceptible and unyielding, still they are in deep sleep! Oh! When
will they be awakened? When will they become merciful? When will they prac-
tice the Golden Rule? This hatred and animosity destroys the basis of the structure
of humanity, while love and amity are conducive to the well-being and prosperity
of mankind.

