STAR OF THE WEST 69
SECOND ARTICLE 1
SIXTH ANNUAL CONVENTION OF BAHAI TEMPLE UNITY
CHICAGO, APRIL 25-2s, 1914
By ALFRED E. LUNT
ROM the opening of the C-onvention at 10
o'clock Monday to its close, Tuesday after-
noon, there was life and re-sult. Chairman
Hall, in his opening address, was especially
happy in h-is pr-esentatio-n of the special pro-b-
le-ms 0-f the year. His address was replete with
epigrams, am.ong them this: "The necessity of
consultation is ever present. This is the g1o-ri-
fication of the democracy of the common mind
when that mind is unified by God;" and "vi-
brations don't amount to a fig unless you trans-
form tihem into muscular action."
All felt the seriousness and new responsibil-
ities of this Convention, now that the land is
free and clear, and the way open for the build-
ing itself. Last' year, the endeavor of the New
York Convention was largely towards formu-
lating and ado-p-ting a practical program which
should suggest, and also provide the much
needed machinery for more systematized and
regular giving for those freely desiring to
give to this Edifice. This year, the splendid
report of Financial Secretary,' Corinne True,
showed that this plan has been fruitful, and
held great promise for the future. But the
Convention this year realized that the plan
and method, although essential, was Wholly de-
pendent upon the degree of severance attained
by the whole body of believers. The call to-
day is for severance and purification to a de-
gree not yet known. That the Mashrak-el-
Azkar is not to be built by concentrating on
money, but on that detachment which is com-
manded: "VValk in the Path of thy Lord;
then eat of every fruit." The supreme thought
of the Convention, perhaps more felt than ex-
pressed, Was that the real attraction, the real
victory in the building of the Temple was to
be ushered in with that mo-ment when the
so-uls emerge fro-m the prison of the self, p-ut
on the Robe of Life, and through that victory
become worthy to receive from the real Treas-
ury every necessary means. As the Mashrak-
el-Azka-r is the type of the real man, of urt-
mos-t purity and clearness, those only who have
attained to that station of severance are really
worthy to arise to its if through
Mercy we are permitted, though falling far
short of this attainrnen-t, to serve this Edifice,
there can be but one way to render adequate
thanksgiving and that is by an ever increasing
may we become fitted to en-
ter -the Holy of Ho-lies of that Temple. In the
language of the Hidden Words: "Oi My
Friend! Thou art the sun of the heaven of
My Holiness; defile not thyself with the
eclipse of the world. Tear asunder the veil
of negligence, that thou mayst emerge from
behind the veil, become uncovered from the
cloud and array all beings with the robe of
Life."
This Convention had the distinction of
meeting in the 50th year of the Declaration
of in the Garden of Rizwan,
and the 70th year since the Bab's clear Call
was raised. Although you are to have the
details in another issue, it may not be amiss
to speak of several noteworthy moments in
the proceedings of the two days business ses-
sions. As always, the call of the Assemblies,
and the response of delegates opened a happy
current, and once again the various members
of this great big family gave evidences of
their real fraternity. Then, following the
happy precedent of other years, though need-
ing no precedent, was the cablegram to His
Holiness Abdul~Baha, as follows-: "Bah-oi
Unity Con?/ention Chicago sehd-s heavenly greet-
ings, and longing for g-uia'-a-nae
towards perfect servitude to Holy Thr'e's/zold
of Center of Covenant." This was one of
the really rare moments. It exemplified the
spirit of the Convention, and marked the en-
trance of the work into that hop-ed-for Path.
All were impressed with the reading of a
letter from a priest of the Old Catholic Church,
residing in Europe. It seemed indeed like an
answer to that powerful Tablet of 
LLAH's to the Chris-tian clergy, the Lc1wh-el--
A/cdas.
Yet another stirring moment was when the
telegram to the President of the United States
was sent. This Word, wholly severed from
any trace of political thought, or hint, aroused
the Convention by its significant quotations
from the Creative Word of say-
ing: "Be the cause of c011-zfort and the pro-
motion of hn1nam'ty. This handful of dust, the
world, is one home: let it be in unity. Let not
man glory in this that he loves his c01mz'1'y.'
let him rather glory in this that he loves his
kind." And again, "In our hearts is the cer-

