STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and dififerences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strites,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Baha' 1, 70 (March Z1, 1914) No. 
DIVINE POWERS REINFORCE THE SOULS WHO ARE
SPREADING THE CAUSE OF 
Abdul-Baha's Message to the Bahais throughout the world, delivered at the
Tomb of December 25, I 9/3.
is part of the Divine Wisdom that I should keep silent for a time! All that
I was required of me, that is, to raise my voice in the churches, synagogues, con-
ventions, and calling the attention of the people t0- the Kingdom of
God and the appearance oi be to God! through the
confirmation of the Blessed accomplished. Now it is the turn of the
believers of God. Now I am ever expecting to hear the sweet voice of the friends
raised and the watchword, reaching the ear of the heart
and spirit.
Those souls who have become subservient to the will of God as manifested in
the life and teachings of must know of a certainty that they attract
unto themselves heavenly confirmation and assistance. Now, -existence upon the
Sacred Threshold is the magnet whereby aid is attracted. The more the believers
humble themselves at the Divine Threshold, the more powerful and universal will
be the descent of the Holy Spirit of new dedication upon them. The more they
strive to teach souls the greater will be their power of santification and attraction.
Today divine powers reinforce the souls who are spreading the Cause of God-
Whoever walks upon this highway is confirmed; those who appear now as dried
plants will be changed into fruitful trees. God's blessing will rest upon all who
enlist in the service. They are the flowers of the garden of must
breathe forth their fragrance! . . . They are the trees planted by the sacred
hand of in the orchard of the Kingdom. He hath watered you
with the rivers of His knowledge and hath protected you from winds and storms.
I hope that each one of you may become a tree laden with delicious fruits for
the healing of the nations!
in Europe and America.
A GLIMPSE OF ABDUL-BAHA ON MOUNT CARMEL
By M. M. in The Ch1"istz'a1'z C0m.m01twealth.
this by a window that looks across
I an o-range garden to the slopes of Mount
Carmel, which rises almost abruptly beyond
the red-roofed ho-uses of the German colony.
The "Mount of God" is but a hill in comparison
with the mighty Alps, yet how great is its
fascination, how heau.tifnl it appears no-W in the
moonlight! From time imme111o1"ial it has been
the home of the prophets. It is here that
Abdul-Baha dwells today. and the simple
Germans who left their native land to await
"the second coming" of their Lord upon this
mountain, are his neighbors! In my ears is
the sound of the sea, for the blue Mediter-
ranean laps the shores of Carmel, and across
the hay Akka gleams white i11 the moonlight.
"The greatest Prison" it was called when
dwelt there, a prisoner in a penal
city. But a blessing surely rests upon it now,
for the sun seems ever to shine there when the
sea and the sky are grey. The soil upon which
its houses are built has been many times soaked

