74 STAR OF
and those who desire to appr-eciate it must ap-
preciate it sp-iritually. Therefore, it is very hard
to describe what one observes in the presence of
Abdul-B-aha and even if one tries to express it
he will find that there are many things left un-
sa-i-d. But we must bear in mind that that which
cannot be co-mp-rehended wholly must no-t be
neglected wholly; we must persistently and
earnestly do our best to see into it and under-
stand as much as we cant.
Let me desc-ribe what impressed me during
my stay at Haifa: Imagine yourself on board a
steamer. It is an April afternoon, the sun is
just beginning to set; the beautiful rays of light
shoo-ting like arrows towards the East and being
reflected from far off villages in the mountains
enhanced by the beauty of the green meadows
of the plain of Esdraeleon. The boat anchors
and you go ashore. You see a group of peo-
ple, most of whom you do not know by face,
but no sooner do you set your foo-t on land than
you find yourself embrace-d by them, each bid-
ding you Welcome as lovingly as a father
o-r mother or brother. You are so much im-
pressed by this sight that you not only lose
yourself but you do not know what becomes of
your baggage. One thing you observe, and that
is the willingness of each individual to serve
you as much as he can. Thus you start towards
the house of the Abdul-Baha situated at the
foot of Mt. Carmel. As you advance you re-
member the word of the Hebrew Prophets that
in "the Day of the nations will clasp
the hands of one another and march towards
Zion.
You enter a house full of different kinds
of flowers--nature is indeed full of joy; birds
are singing and humming bees, flying from one
flower to another, prepare to go to their hives
fo-r re-st. Twilight advances and all things are
THE WEST
at peace. Should man, the noblest of all crea-
tures, remain worried andiin confusion? No;
God has glo-rified us with the presence of Abdul-
Baha. We seek his face and he is our Shepherd.
His rod and staff comforts us.
Suddenly, a voice is heard. A general hush
comes over the pilgrims- and "the Master" enters.
He welcomes all an-d bids them take their seats.
begins to talk and all are eyes and ears. His
words strike the right note in each m-an's life
and this you can easily se-e from the expression
of their faces. After an hour or so- they are
dismissed and the meeting is adjourned. The
pilgrims start for the p-ilgrim's house on the
top of Mount Ca-rmel.
Here is an interesting scene: the I-Iindu, the
Zoroastrian, the Jew, the Moslem and the
atheist start singing songs of joy, praising
that, through His Grace, they
were enabled to meet on the common~ground of
Unity.
As I said before you can never express what
you have o~bserved--yo-u can only touch. a part.
I spent sixteen glorious days in Haifa. These
days have made a deep impression on my mind
and I shall never forget them. These days
greatly stimulated the students of this College.
We feel that there is a wide world open before
us wherein we can serve the Cause and so we
strain every nerve and sinew to become worthy
servants of Abdul-Baha, to sacrifice our souls
in his footsteps. For the realization of this
hope we eagerly beg our Bahai brothers and
sisters to p-ray that we may be confirmed
and strengthened; that we may know that after
all the Great University where we can -really
b-ecome efficient contributors to social welfare
is the wonderful Institution of His Holiness,
wherein Abdul-Baha, at present,
is the Great Professor. BADI BUSHRUI.
NEWS FROM TEHERAN
We have esrtab-lished twelve centres for teach-
ing girls the foundation principles of the Bahai
Revelation--the teachers met -on Saturday last.
Such dear, sweet young people. I wish
all could know them personally. They talk over
difficulties an-d receive impetus for work. In
about a month we will hold a large meeting for
examining the various centers. The boys have
had similar classes for three years and their
examination this year was a great success. It
was held two weeks ago in a large and beautiful
garden outside the city Walls. There were be-
tween three and four hundred boys present. The
visitors were much interested and before le=av--
ing subscribed about 300 tomans for the Tarbiat
S-chool. P'rizes were given, and each child re-
ceived a small bag of nokle tea and ice cream
were also sewed. During the afternoon a young
man came who had just returned from Acca.
was su-rrou-nded, embraced and questioned
as with glowing face he was welcomed and
greeted by all.
Teheran, May 11, 1914.
Susan I. Moony.
 
OUR PERSIAN SECTION this issue contains: (1) Talk by Abdul-Baha delivered in the Unitariari
Church, Montreal, Canada; (2) "Obedience and Actions (or Deeds)" Mirza, I-Ie-dayet~Allah Esphaham;
(3) Article from the Bahai students of Beirut College; (4) Commune for Doctors M. Saleh, Zia M.
Bagdadi and Riad Eifendi; (5) Utterances of regarding M-ount Carmel; (6) Siicth Annual
Bahai Convention in America; (7) Convention of the American women.

