STAR OF THE WEST 121
Would it 11ot be well to divide the responsibility of the care of the teachers
fund in the following Way 
At each center where the original Tablets were addressed let a treasury-
committee of three be chosen to receive and care for the contributions, and
one treasurer be chosen in each assembly to receive and forward contribu-
tions to the treasury-committee of the center belonging to its section. For
instance, the Northeastern assemblies to forward to the New York center;
the Central assemblies to the Chicago center the Southern assemblies to the
\Vasl1ington center; the \Vestern assemblies to the San Francisco center,
and the assemblies of Canada to the l\-ilontreal center, and Bahais in all out-
lying districts belonging to the different sections, sending offerings to their
nearest assemblies (to be forwarded to the centers) or, if they prefer, they
may send direct to the three treasurers at their center. (Having three treas-
urers at each center divides the responsibility so that, in the absence of one,
the others can act. It is assumed that the Bahai to whom the Tablet was
addressed, in each of the five centers, respectively will inaugurate the plan.)
A correspondence between all the believers, called forth by this simple plan,
will strengtheii the Baliai bond. 
If these plans are adopted the STAR or THE Wizsr will publish the names
and addresses of the five treasury-committees; and will the friends in these
centers. as soon  they have chosen the treasury-committee, send the names
and addresses to us"? or if other plans are found more suitable, We will be
pleased to publish them. Ecmom
IS THE 
Recent Tablet from Abdul-Baha
Translated by l\Iirza Ahmad Sohrab, Haifa, Syria, March 7, 1916.
Received by Helen S. Goodall and Ella G. Cooper,
August 8, 1916.
To the friends of God, men, women and children in the photograph of the First
International Bahai Congress, San Francisco, California--~Upon them be
greeting and praise'
you real friends and lovers of the Kingdom of God!
In these days the scroll of the photograph of the blessed faces of those pure
souls, Which was taken during the Panama-Pacific International Exposition, was
received.
Praise be to God, that the faces are radiant, indicating the sanctification of
the hearts. All those Who have looked at the photograph have obtained in1me-
diate joy--outtiowing, and inexhaustible.
I beg infinite grace from the Kingdom of God for each one of those friends
who Were present in that gathering, Wishing for them heavenly powers so that
the members of that congress may irradiate the white rays of the Sun of Reality
to all parts and illumine the cities, counties, towns and villages of the United
States.
The magnet whereby to attract these favors and bounties, is firmness and
steadfastness.
Upon you be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.

