STAR or THE 147
preserved, otherwise the public order
will be disturbed. 
Another specific law is the prohibition
of slavery. Up to the present time the
governments have engaged with
the establishment of political freedom
and the liberation of the chattel slave,
but now a new and greater problem con-
fronts the emancipa-
tion. \Vhen in San Francisco in 1912,
Abdul-Baha said to the American people:
"Between 1860 and 1865 you did a.
wonderful thing; you knocked the
shackles from chattel slavery; but today
you must do- a much more wonderful
thing: you must destroy slat'-
cry."
Under our present system the public.
is safeguarded through the force of laws
based upon retaliation and correction,
generally inadequate, but when the di-
vine civilization is established man will
be so trained and enlightened that he
will shun crimes and evil deeds without
any fear of material punishment. He
will consider the very crime itself to be
the greatest retribution and punishment.
Until man is advanced to this condition,
inasmuch as crime is due chiefly to igno-
rance, it will be the duty of the com-
munity to execute penal laws through
its right of defense and self-protection,
not through the spirit of revenge which
breeds hatred and animosity. It is
therefore incumbent upon man to- be a
dutiful, la.w abiding citizen of his coun-
trv.
"The solution of economic questions,
for instance, will not be accomplished
by array of labor against capital and
capital against labor in strife and con-
flict, but by the voluntary attitude of sac-
rifice on both sides. Then a real and last-
ing justness of conditions will be brought
about. If a capitalist is forced to give
*This is a recognition of the difference
in degree of human capacities but the
vital point is that to everyone is granted
an equal opportunity for the develop-
ment of his own ability.
up a portion of his income and posses-
sions there will be no love in his heart,
no permanent benefit in his action. But
if it be given in the spirit of God, every-
thing will be accomplished. As it is now
the forces of labor strike and the cap-
italists retaliate. If the latter should
voluntarily add to the scale of Wages,
love is evident and the greatest good
results. Briefly: among the Bahais
there are no extortionate, mercenary and
unjust practices, no rebellious demands,
no revolutionary uprisings against exist-
ing governments."
The question of wages, which is the
cause of nearly all industrial warfare at
the present time, is so solved by Abdul-
Baha. that-1 "It will not be possible in
the future for men to amass great for-
tunes by the labor of others. The rich
will willingly divide. They will come
to this gradually, naturally, by their own
volition. It will never be accomplished
by war and bloodshed. The ruling power
or government cannot treat the rich un-
justly. To force them to divide their
wealth would be unjust. In the future,
proportionately about three-quarters of
the profits will go to the workmen and
one-quarter to the owner."
The evolution of the body politic can-
not take place overnight but just as the
new life of the physical world requires
the springwinds, the April showers and
the heat of the sun_in order to grow
and develop, so "in like manner, when
the sincere purposes and the justice of
the sovereign, the knowledge and perfect
political efficiency of the ministers of
state and 'the ambition and enthusiasm
of the people are all realized at the
same time, then indeed, the millennium
of progress and human perfection, the
consummation of the glory and the pros-
perity of state and nation will be accom-
plished."
Wo1*k and Worship go hand in hand
and the Bahai Temple of worship, known
as the an Arabic ex-
pression meaning the "Dawning Point
of Mention (of God)," holds an unique

