110 STAR or THE 
realm because of the deed committed by
the first father, because of the mistake
said to h.ave been committed by the re-
motest ancestor, his holiness Adam'?
The assumption is, that When his holi-
ness Christ came and sacrificed himself,
all the holy line of prophets who pre-
ceded him from Adam became free from
sin and punishment. Consider that even
a child could not justly make such an
assertion. As they did not understand
the meanings of the Bible, they created
these interpretations to which We have
referred.
Now as to the reality of the matter of
sacrifice. It is true that his holiness
Jesus Christ sacrificed himself, and he
sacrificed himself for our sakes, but how
did he suffer sacrifice? The true mean-
ing of sacrifice become manifest a.nd
evident. When his holiness Christ ap-
peared, he saw that he must arise and
oppose all the people and nations of this
earth. He knew that all men would arise
against him and Would inflict upon him
all manner of tribulations. There is no
doubt that a person who would put forth
such a claim would arouse the World
against him and would no-t" remain pro-
tected personally, and that undoubtedly
his blood would be shed, nay, that his
body would be rent into pieces, and there
is no doubt therein.
But his holiness Christ, knowing what
Would befall him, arose and gave his mes-
sage, suffered all tribulations, suffered
hardships from the people and in the
and offered his life as a sacrifice in order
to iillumine the world of humanity; he
offered his blood as a sacrifice in order
to guide the World of man. He accepted
every calamity and every tribulation and
he arose to guide men. "Were he to de-
sire to save his own life, and were he
Without Wish to sacrifice himself he
would not be able to guide a single soul,
"There was no doubt that his blessed blood
would be shed. There was no doubt that
he would be rent into pieces. Notwith-
standing this, that holy soul accepted
every calamity and offered h'is"1'ife so
that he might guide all men. This is
one of the meanings of sacrifice.
As to the second meaning of sacrifice,
he said, am the bread which came
down from heaven." It was not the
body of Christ which came down from
heaven. The body of Christ came fro-m
the Womb of Mary, but the Christ per-
fections descended from heaven. The
reality of Christ came down from heaven.
The spirit of Christ came down from
heaven, the body of Christ came not
down from heaven. The body of Christ
was but human. Is there any question
as to that body having come from the
Womb of Mary? It is obvious that it
came from the womb of Mary. But the
reality of Christ, the spirit of Christ
and the perfection-s1 of Christ, all came
from heaven. Consequently, by saying
he was the bread which came down from
heaven, he meant that the perfections
which he showed forth were divine
perfections which came from. heaven;
that the blessings Within him came
down from heaven; that the light
within him came down from heaven.
"He who partakes of this bread will
never die." What is this? It is, who-
soever assimilates these divine perfec-
tions which are within me will never die.
Vfhosoever has a share and partakes of
these heavenly bounties Within me will
never die. If a man takes unto himself
these divine lights, then he- shall find
everlasting life. Do you sc=e how mani-
fest the meaning is? How evident? For
whosoever acquires divine perfections
and seeks heavenly lights from the teach-
ings of Christ Will undoubtedly live
eternally. This is one of the mysteries
of the mystery of sacrifice.
In reality his holiness Abraham sacri-
ficed himself, for his holiness Abraham
conveyed to -men heavenly teachings, con-
ferred upon them heavenly food.
"As to the third meaning of sacrifice,
it is this: If you plant a seed in the
ground, from that seed a tree will
become manifest. That seed sacrifices

