STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So IC shall,-be; these fruitless striies
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 0 LLAH.
Vol. VII Ola 1, 72 (March 2, 1917) N0. 19
Survival and Salvation
Words of Abdul-Baha from Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
February, 1914
HOU has asked concerning the
spirit and its immortality after
its departure. Know thou that
at the time of its translation it as-
cends and ascends until it reaches
the presence of God, clothed in a
temple (body) which will not become
subject to the changes Wrought by ages
and cycles, nor by the contingencies of
the World, nor the emanations thereof.
It will continue to exist through the eter-
nality of the Kingdom of God-its sover-
eignty, its dominion, its potency. From it
will appear the signs of God and his
qualities, the providence of God and his
bcstowal. Verily the pen is unable to
move in a befitting manner in explain-
ing this exalt-ation and lofti-
ness. The hand of mercy shall cause it
to enter into men 's minds, though it can-
not be grasped through any explanation,
nor be described by those means which
are available in the World.
Blessed is the spirit which abandons
the body, previously sanctified and freed
from the doubts of the nations. Verily,
it moves in the atmosphere of the will
of its Lord, and -it enters into the su-
preme paradise. It is welcomed by the
angels of the Most High. It associates
with the prophets of God, and his chosen
ones, and it converses with them, and re-
lates to them those events which have
happened to it in the path of God, the
Lord of both worlds.
Were one to become informed of that
which is pre-ordained for the spirit in
the worlds of God, the Lord of the throne
and the earth, he would become imme-
diately enkindled with the fire of yearn-
ing for this impregnable, exalted, holy,
and most glorious state of being.
The prophets and the messengers have
come in order to guide mankind to the
straight path of the true one. "Their aim
has been no other than the education of
the people, so that at the time of death
they may depart to the supreme friend,
with perfect sanctification, purification
and severance. I declare that the pro-
phets are causative of the improvements
and the progress of the nations. They
are the leaven of existence and the great-
est means for the appearance of sciences
and arts in this world.
As to the question concerning the soul,
know thou, verily, that "soul" is a term
applied to numerous realities, according
to the exigencies of the following rela-
tions in regard to development in the
world of existence:
(1) In the mineral kingdom, soul is
called "latent force," silently working
for the disintegration of the substance
of the mineral.
(2) In the vegetable kingdom it is
called "virtue augme11ta.tive," or the
power of growth, which attracts and ab-
sorbs the delicate materials of inorganic
substance found in the mineral kingdom
of matter, and transforms them into the
condition of growth. Thus the inorganic

