STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A 
By the BAHAI NEVVS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
-Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post office at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1379.
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Il1., U. S.A.
To personal checks please add sufficient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEVVS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283', Chicago, U.S.A.
TABLET ABDUL-BAHA.
than Sim' of the HE IS coo!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and Shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is Organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy Subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant. in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves oi the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide~--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper oi the world of humanity. Yet all these_depend upon firmness, 
- 4. .
{irnwess I
(S.gnea) Anntr. BAH. AHBAS
Vol. VII Iamal 1, 72 (April 23, 1916) No. 3
An Interview with Abdul-Baha
From Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
Mt. Carmel, Haifa, Syria,
June 30, 1914.
Dear Friends:
Mr. Hans Springer of Stuttgart, who
is twenty-three years old and is a globe
trotter, called on Abdul-Baha this morn-
ing. He makes all his tour afoot, and has
already covered ai distance of 35,000 kin.
He is an Esperantist, and as he puts on
the dress of the inhabitants of the coun-
try through which he travels, he was to-
day an Arabian gentleman, but his blue
eyes, white skin and brown vandyke
beard heralded from afar off his Euro-
pean origin. He spoke German, Italian
and Esperanto but I could not speak
with him in any of these languages.
Finding that he understood a little
French, we struck on that. At first
glance Abdul-Baha. liked him. I will re-
cord herein his conversation with 
Springer, in its natural form of dia-
logue.
Abdul-Baha: '"l'hou art welcome.
"Where didst thou. come from?"
Hans Springer: come now from
Jerusalem. From Egypt I walked to
Gaza and Jaffa. On the way fifteen
Arabian Bedo-uins surrounded me and
carried away my belongings, even my
shoes. 'When I reached Jerusalem I was
assisted by a number of Germans."
A. B. "Virhat is the object of thy
world' tour?"
I-I. S. "First to spread the knowledge
of Esperanto because I believe it will
help to unify mankind. Second, to see
the world, to meet men of various na-
tionalities and learn their manners and
customs."
A. B. "lWitl1 What means dost. thou
t.ravel".? 
H. S. "The sale of these postal cards
containing my picture on one side and
the benefits of the knowledge of Esper-
ant'o on the other, is the sole source of
my revenue. My needs are very few in
number. I seldom eat meat. I eat
vegetables, bread? and nuts."
A. B. "Dost thou travel always on
the surface of the earth"? Would it not
be excellent if thou eouldst take a trip
toward heaven?"
H. S. "Heaven! I have never heard
of anyone going to heaven. This is im-
possible."

