146 STAR OF
problem of the maintenance of the com-
monwealth, for the House of Justice
would not receive sufficient revenue from
the inheritance tax alone to carry on the
duties and responsibilities of the state.
In the reorganization of a.fl'airs Abdul-
Baha begins with the land. He says:
"The question of economics must com-
mence With the farmers and from them
proceed to the other classes, inasmuch as
the number of farmers is greater than
all other classes, many, many times
greater. Therefore, it is becoming that
the economic problem be solved with the
farmer, for the farmer is the first active
agent in the body politic. In brief,
from among men of every village, a
boa-rd should be organized and the af-
fairs of that village be under the con-
trol of that board. Likewise, a general
storehouse should be founded with the
appointment of a secretary. At the time
of harvest, with the approval of the me1n-
bers of that board, a determined per-
centage of the entire harvest should be
appropriated for the storehouse. This
storehouse is to have seven revenues.
They are:
1. Tithes.
2. Taxes on animals.
3. 'Wealth without inheritors.
4. All things found Whose owners can-
not be discovered.
5. A third of all treasures money)
found in the earth.
6. A third of all mines.
7. Voluntary contributions.
On the other hand there are seven ex-
penditures:
1. General running expenses of the
institution, salaries, etc., and the
administration of public safety,
including hygiene department.
2. Tithes to the general government.
THE WEST
Taxes for animals for the state.
upport of orphanages.
upport of cripples and incurables.
upport of educational institutions.
. Supplying any deficiencies in the
expenses of the poor."

co:/it/2
Thus the first revenue is the tithe
based upon a man's income. A person
having an income, for example, of
$500.00 a.nd his necessary expenses be-
ing $500.00, he will not be required to
pay any tithe. If his expenditures are
$500.00 and his income is $1,000.00, then
a tenth will be required of him. And
so on in a.n increasing ratio according to
the difference between the income and
necessary expenditure, for man will have
everything that he needs for his welfare
and a large surplus besides. On the
other hand, a person, owing to illness,
poor crops and through no fault of his
own, may be unable to earn a sufficient
income to meet his necessary expenses
for the year, then what he lacks for the
necessary maintenance of himself -and
family will be supplied by the general
storehouse. After certain amounts have
been set aside for each of these seven
expenditures, then any surplus will be
transferred to the general treasury of
the nation for general expenses.
"lVhen such a system is established
each individual member of the body
politic will live in the utmost comfort
and happiness and the degrees will be
preserved. There will be no disturbance
of these degrees Whatever, for these de-
grees are the essential needs of the body
politic. The body politic is like unto an
army. An army needs a. con1mander-in-
chief, colonel, captain, lieutenant and
private. It is impossible that all of
them enjoy the same rank. Preserva-
tion of degrees is necessary b-ut each
member of that army must live in the
utmost comfort and ease. Likewise, a
city is in need of a mayor, judge, mer-
chants, bankers, tradesmen and farmers.
Undoubtedly these degrees should be

