STAR OF THE WEST 95
"Truly I say the believers of God in that Congress
became assisted in the accomplishment
of most great services."
To the maid-servant of God, Mrs. J. P.
Addison, Portland, Oregon.
Upon her be greeting and praise!
thou respected maid-servant!
The letter that thou hast written to his
honor Sohrab was perused. Praise be
to God, that it contained the good news
of the health and safety of the friends
of the Almighty. It was also a proof
of their firmness and steadfastness in
religion and faith. Thank ye God that
ye presented yourselves in the divine In-
ternational Congress in California and
were engaged in the service of the Word
of God. Consider ye the power and the
influence of the celestial teachings that
the President of the Exposition expressed
his gratitude and thankfulness for your
services to the World of humanity. Truly
I say the believers of God in that Con-
gress became assisted in the accomplish-
ment of most great services. The photo-
graph of the Congress was also received
and imparted great happiness. The per-
sons Who delivered speeches at its ses-
sions, such as Dr. F. D'Evelyn, Mr.
Hooper Harris, Mr. Charles Mason
Remey, Mr. Howard MacNutt, Mr. Wil-
liam H. Randall, Mr. Roy C. 'Wilhelm,
Mr. Howard C. Ives, Mr. William H.
Hoar, Mr. Joseph H. Hannen, Mr. Al-
bert R. VVindust, Mr. Alfred E-. Lunt,
Mr. Albert H. Hall, Mr. Edwin T.
Cooper, Mr. Harlan F. Ober, Mr. J. A.
Britton, Mrs. Mary Hanford Ford, Mr.
"William C. Italston and Mirna Khan-
were assisted with divine confirmations
and inspired with the powers of the Holy
Spirit. The results and spiritual influ-
ences of those talks are endless and eter-
nal. They will become apparent in the
future.
Likewise the meetings which were held
in the city of Portland and the persons
who spoke to the various audiences were
supremely assisted by the angels of the
Supreme Concourse. They scattered
pure seeds in that virgin Western soil.
Truly, I say, Mr. Remey and Mr. Lati-
mer are displaying the utmost effort in
the diffusion of the fragrances of God.
I supplicate and entreat toward the
Kingdom of God and beg for each and
all heavenly confirmation and assistance.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
Translated by Mirna Ahmad Sohrah
at Haifa, Syria, March 18, 1916.
The Importance of Teaching
From Diary of Mt?rea- Ahmad October 31, 1913.
IRZA Ali Akbar, the friend of
Abdul-Baha, and the friend of
the friends, left the "headquar-
ters of the Commander-in-Chief for an
active engagement at the front. Abdul-
Baha took him into the rose garden this
morning, and while walking among the
flower beds spoke to him these words of
kindness and love:
"Thou hast been With me for a long
time, and I have grown to love thee very
much. VVhen I love people I do not tell
them to their faces. You know how
much I love Mirza Abul Fazl and Haji
Mirza Heydar Ali, but I have seldom
told them to their faces. I am sending
thee away. Thou art not alone. The
hosts of the Supreme Concourse are with
thee. They will assist thee and reinforce
thee under all conditions. Doctors tell me

