4-8 STAR 
mon cause shall be evenhanded and im-
partial justice."
"lvVe believe in a. universal assoc-iatio'n
of .the nations to maintain the inviolate
security of the highway of the seas for
the common and unhindered use.of all
the nations of the World, and to prevent
any War begun either contrary to treaty
covenants or Without warning and full
submission of the causes to the opinion of
the World as a virtual guarantee of terri-
torial integrity" and political independ-
ence." A
came to avow and to give expres-
sions to the confidence I feel that the
world is even now upon the eve of a great
consummation, when some common force
will be brought into existence which shall
safeguard right as the first and most
THE 
fundamental interest of all peoples and
all governments, when coercion shall be
summoned not to the service of political
ambition or selfish hostility, 'but to the
service of a common order, a common
justice and a common peace. God grant
that the dawn of that day of frank deal-
ing and of settled peace, concord and co-
operation may be near at' hand."
When we compare these ideas with the
great principles of Abdul-Baha expressed
in The Forces of 
tine, we can see the marvelous working
of the Divine Ordinances in the souls of
humanity. May the hope of Abdul-Baha
soon be realized--that America may up-
hold the standard of Universal Justice
among nations.
U. Mason Re-may.
The Way to Universal Peace
(Continued from page 43)
onments, while holding the ladies in
your arms dance to the tune of lively
music: Come forth from your hiding-
places, enter into the battlefield if you
like to attack each other and tear each
other to pieces if you desire to air your
so-called contentions! This discord and
feud are between you; why do you make
the innocent people a. party to it? If
fighting and bloodshed are good things
then lead them into the fray by your
presence!'
"In short, every means which pro-
duces vvar must be checked and the
causes which prevent the occurrence of
War be advanced, so that physical conflict
may become an impossibility. On the
other hand every country must be prop-
erly delimited, its exact frontiers marked,
its national integrity secured, its per-
manent ihdependence protected, and its
vital interests honored by the family of
nations. These services ought to be ren-
dered by an imperial, international com-
mission. In this manner all causes of
friction and diiferences will be removed.
And in case there should arise some dis-
putes betvveen them they may arbitrate
before the parliament' of man, the repre-
sentatives of which will be chosen from
amongst the wisest and most judicious
men of all the nations of the World. 
{Alha1nmeh_, Lake Tiberius, Syria, May
11th and 12th, 1914.)
While in London in 1912, Abdul-Baha
was asked: 
"By What process will this peace on
earth be established'? Will it come- at
once after a universal declaration of the
truth?"
"No, it Will come about gradually,"
said Abdul-Baha. plant that grows
too quickly lasts but a short time. You
are my family," and he looked about
with a smile, "my new children! If a
family lives in unison, great results are
obtained. "Widen the circle; when a city
lives in intimate accord greater results
will follow, and a continent that is fully
united will likewise unite all other con-
tinents. Then will be the time of the
greatest results, for all the inhabitants
of the earth belong to one native land."

