STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened,
that diversity oi religion shall cease and dllferences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless striies;
these ruinous wars shall pass away. and the Most Great Peace' shall come."- 
Vol. VII Jalal 1, 72 (April-9, 1916) No. 2
The Light of Truth
Address delivered by Mirza Ali Kuli Khan before the Bahai Assembly
of West Hoboken, N. September Z8, 1902
(Continued from page 8, No. 1 issue, Vol. VII)
CCORDING to my honorable
A teacher, Mirza Abul Fazl, the ex-
ponents of religion and prophecy
have divided the cycles of the World into
two long periods:
1. The dark night of the age of dark-
ness.
2. The Day of Light, or the Shining
Morn, the Latter Day, or the
Time of the End.
According to the opinion universally
agreed upon by all the religionists, and
testificd to by the prophecies of the
founders of religions, the age of darkness
began with history and ended in the fifth
decade of the nineteenth century. The
reason why the cycles of the world, which
preceded the da.Wn of the Day of Light,
were called "The dark night" lies in the
lack of civilization and enlightenment
and the barbarity which prevailed in
those days. The world was darkened
with the dust of discord, inharmony and
injustice, and the gratification of carnal
desires and racial preeminence was the
highest summit toward which the foot'-
steps of mankind were directed. Coun-
tries Were so divided from each other
that every nation considered the popu-
lous and civilized part of the world to be
confined Within the bounds and limits
of its own land, and no man conceived
the idea that other nations did reallyex-
ist' in other parts which were unknown
to him, owing to the lack of communica-
tion and knowledge. Therefore, the Su-
preme Ordainer did not see fit to rule the
disconnected chaotic world of humanity
with one universal religion, for in those
dark days the capacity of mankind was
not developed enough to receive the Mes-
sage of the kingdom of El-Abha, and
the of benighted humanity Would be
blinded and dazzled by the World-illu-
minating Sun which was ordained to
dawn at the time of the end and bring
about the first millennium of the Day of
Light. He sent forth different prophets
to the diiferent parts of the planet to
deliver the people of various tastes,
lands, nationalities and communities, the
one message of Truth, and to raise a
point of contact between man and his
Maker.
The most ancient. religion of the world,
so far as the obscurity of the ancient his-
tory allows us to investigate, was Sa-
beanism, founded by Enoch, the seventh
after Adam. This religion embodied the
creed of the old Egypt, Roman pagan-
ism, Greek mythology, Chaldean star
Worship, Arabian heathen Worship and
idolatry, as well as the ancient religions
of some of the other nations of the world.
A remnant of this religious community
is still extant in the southwestern part of
Persia, called the Sabis, and another em-
bodies the present Phetish worship in
Africa.

