180 STAR on
thought he is not a fit instrument for
the service of the Kingdom. The re-
ligions of the past have fallen into decay
on account of self-seeking leaders who
in the course of time appropriated all
the rights and powers unto themselves
and looked down contemptuo-usly upon
the rest of their co-religionists as ignor-
ant and deprived of the knowledge of
God.
The B-aha-is must be always on the
alert, so that they may not fall into this
pit. They must keep the religion of
God pure and uncontaminated, a haven
of rest for the despondent souls, a safe
harbor for the shipwrecked, a divine
antidote for the ailing ones, a torch of
light for those who are groping in the
darkness, and a spiritual democracy for
the down-trodden and the outcast.
Service, social, moral, intellectual
service must be the sole aim of a soul.
He must be sincere and heartfelt in his
profession, otherwise he will not suc-
ceed and. his simulation will soon be
found out by his co-religionists. Every
Bahai must be a loyal servant of the
world of humanity. Bahais must clo-the
themselves with the robe of service, sit
around the table of service, eat the food
of service, drink the elixir of service,
talk the problems of service, hold com-
munication with the King of service,
walk in the path of service, crown their
heads with the diadem of service, be in-
toxicated with the wine of service, and
quaff the salubrious water from the
fountain of service.
("Words of Abdul-Baha from the Diary
of Mir-za Ahmad Sohrab, May 23, 1914.)
All things were created for man and
man for God. Man is distinguished from
all other creations. Man, who is in part
animal, possesses all the virtues of the
mineral, because he has a. body; he pos-
sesses the added faculty of the vegetable,
growth; he has the virtue of the animal
THE WEST
kingdom, sensation; and above all, he
possesses reflective and mental power, by
which he understands the reality of
things. Perceiving and reflecting upon
visible things, he realizes the reality of
unknown things. When a man gazes at
the earth he sees it as if it were level,
but by his perception he finds that it is
a globe. This power of perception can
never be found in the animal kingdom.
But man by this power can prove that
the sun is a center and that the globe
and other bodies revolve around it.
This power of judgment, possessed only
by man, proves his excellence; for the
virtues and faculties of other things and
substances are created by man, and,
above all, he is given virtues with which
the other kingdoms are not endowed.
Everything is for man.
\Ve' speak now in examples, as Christ
spoke in parables. The world is like a
tree; the mineral kingdom is like the
roo-t; the vegetable kingdom is like the
branches; the animal kingdom is like the
blossoms; a.nd man is like unto the fruit
of that tree. The tree is but for its fruit.
If the gardener did not expect fruit he
would never plant trees. In the same
way everything is for man.
There are two sides to man. One is
divine, the other one is lumi-
nous, the other dark; one is angelic, the
other diabolic. Man is equal to the ani-
mals in all sensuous conditions, for all
animal characteristics exist in him. Like-
wise, divine and satanic qualities are con-
tained in man; knowledge and igno-
rance; guidance and error; truth and
falsehood; generosity and avarice; in-
clination towards God and tendency to-
wards Satan; chastity and purity; cor-
ruption and vileness; valor and timidity;
economy and avidity; good and evil: all
are contained in man.
If the angelic side becomes more pow-
erful and the divine power and bright-
ness surround man, then the second birth
takes place and eternal life is found at
this point. Man becomes the noblest

