102 STAR OF THE 
city, Mrs. Latimer Wrote that she Wished she might go to Vlfyoming a little later,
as she knows that state so Well. It may be possible for her to meet Mrs. Britting-
ham there and open the way for both of them to give the Message. A very fine
Woman has lately gone to Arizona (a pupil of Mr. Dunn With; her hands full
of Bahai literature as her heart is full of the spirit of Abdul-Baha; she can open
the Way perhaps. Then as Nevada is on our "list" motherf' Wrote to Mrs.
Ralston, who spent the summer there, asking her if she couldn't "mount a mule"
and take the message over the country. She answered in a most beautiful and
enthusiastic letter that she had been busy giving the Message for the past mo-ntlis,
--seemingly she caught the vibrat-io>>n from the Wonderful Tablets even before
they Were receive-d,--and that the Way was prepared for some one t'o come and
carry it further. Mr. Dunn has been in Reno from time to time and a Mr.
Baker, (formerly of New York) is at Virginia City; at both these places it
will be ea.sy to get openings for public talks. So probably Mr. Dunn and Dr.
D'Evelyn can go there and to Carson City which will just about cover~the state
of Nevada. Already a good beginning is made at Salt Lake City, but the dear
Killius people are already stopping there. When they received mother letter
at Spokane, they Were just on the point of leaving for the East. They would
have left the day before only they Were not able to get accommodations. Upon
receiving the Tablet, which stirred them to the depths of their hearts, they changed
their route and instead of going further east determined to spend their short
time in the middle 'Nest, taking in Salt Lake City and Denver. They wanted
to visit Springfield, Ill., their old home and York, Kansas, Where they had
given the Message last spring (you remember they were so busy doing that,
that they did not get to the Convention at all) so they did not lose one minute,
you see, in responding to this call. Another response all on fire With enthusiasm
comes from Denver and another from Dos Angeles, all eager to serve as two dear
maid-servants who are footloose, offer themselves as teachers to go- into the states
mentioned in the Tablet, earning their living as they go, one as stenographer
and the other as nurse. I tell you this to show you What an effect just one of
the series of five Tablets has had upon the friends already. Cne of our dearest
Bahais, Mrs. Susan Rice, spent her vacation in Alaska, and her account of he-r
trip all alone Way up the Yukon to Dawson is most interesting. At the little
town of Eagle (I think) near by, she gave the Glad Tidings to everybody there.
This may prove to be a beginning which Will eventually lead to our reaching
the Eskimos (mentioned in the Canada Tablet and perhaps. even to- Greenland)
who knows? Mrs. Rice left believers and interested inquirers at Fairbanks,
White 'Horse and Dawson, as Well, and one lady Who traveled with her and
heard the Message with great eagerness Went to stay at W'iseman, the most
northerly point that is now inhabited. Mrs. Rice is in touch with all these
places. Mr. Dunn has also a. sister-in-law in Alaska.
Right here another suggestion--any of the friends who have Points of con-
tact in any state should Write to the sections Where the 'Tablets have been
received, so that all such information can be in hand as soon as possible.
Like all Bahai Work planned for us by Abdul~Baha, it is so much bigger
than We realize, that We will have to grow up to it, and do it quickly too. It
will take every bit of energy, every bit of money (pennies and dollars) available,
every bit of all the -resources We can muster to make even a beginning of the
great Work he is calling us to do. Unless we have "an single" to this one
*Mrs. Helen S. Goodall, San Francisco.

