75 sran or THE 
which is not followed by light, into that
death which is not followed by life, into
that error which is not followed by
truth! Is it conceivable that the Sun of
Truth should sink into an eternal sunset'?
No, the sun was created in order that it
may shed light upon the world, and train
all existing things. How then can the
Sun set forever? For this would mean
the cessation of the divine bounty, and
the divine bounty is ceaseless; it is con-
tinuous. Its S-un is ever shining; its cloud
is ever producing rain; its breezes are
ever blowing; its bounties are all-com-
prehending; its gift is ever perfect; Con-
sequently, we must always anticipate and
always be hopeful and pray to God to
send unto us his holy Manifestations in
the most perfect might, with divine, pen-
etrative power, with the Divine Vx-lord,
so that these divine Manifestations may
be distinguished above all other beings
in every respect, in every phase; in the
same way as the sun is distinguished
above all stars.
Although the stars are scintillating,
yet the sun is superior to them in lu-
minosity. Likewise these holy, divine
Manifestations are and must always be
distinguished above all other beings in
every attribute of glory and perfection,
in order that it may be proven that the
Manifestation is the true teacher, that
he is the real trainer, that he is the Sun
of Truth, that he is endowed with a
great light, and in order that it may be
proven that he is endowed with a heav-
enly aspect. For, otherwise, it is not
possible for us to train any one human
individual, and after training him to be-
lieve that he is the holy, divine Manifes-
tation. The holy, divine Manifestation
must be endowed with divine knowledge
and not be one instructed in school
learning. He must be the educator and
not the educated. The holy Manifesta-
tions of God must be perfect and not
imperfect. They must be great and not
weak and impotent. They must be
wealthy and not indigent. In a word,
the holy Manifestation of God must be
in every great aspect distinguished above
all else in order that he may be able to
train the human body politic, in order
that he may have power to eliminate the
darkness, cause the advancing of the
world of humanity from one plane to a
higher one, be able through the pene-
tra.tive power of his Word to promote
and spread broadcast the Universal Peace
among men, bring about the unification
of men and religions through a divine
power, harmonize all sects and branches,
and convert all nativities and regions
into one nativity and fatherland.
Thus it is our hope that the bounties of
God will encompass us all and the gifts
of the divine will become manifest, -the
lights of the Sun of Truth will illumine
our eyes and inspire our hearts and con-
vey to our souls cheerful glad-tidings of
God and cause our thoughts to become
lofty, and- our efforts to be productive
of glorious results. In a Word, it is
my hope that we may attain to that
which is the summit of human aspira-
tions and Wishes.
I have been in America nine months
and have traveled in all the large cities,
and have spoken before all kinds of as-
semblies, and have proclaimed to them
all the oneness of the World of humanity,
have called them all unto union, har-
mony and oneness. Indeed I have re-
ceived the utmost kindness from the
American nation, and indeed I look upon
them as a noble people, and consider
them a nation capable of every perfec-
tion.
Tomorrow I am going away to Europe,
and thus I bid farewell to you all, and
seek for you all the divine mercy, the
eternal glory, everlasting life--and I
pray that you may attain unto the high-
est station of humanity.
I am greatly pleased with you. My
joy is great over you. I shall never for-
get you. You shall always be in my
thought, and I -shall always pray and
supplicate before the Kingdom of God
and seek heavenly blessings for you all.

