62 STAR OF
that and gave the money to the Mashrak-
el-Azkar. "But who will take care of
her?" I asked. "Oh, the friends of God
will take care of her,-" was the answer.
"It doesn't take much to take care of
one little lady."
Mr. Lane: When we try to say a
word about G0d's glorious new revela-
tion it is like dropping a. pebble in a
pond of water. The circles grow and
grow. But whenever I try to drop a
pebble in our pond down in Florida I
find my mother-in-law, Mrs. Charlotte
Rosenhauer, has been ahead of me and
thrown a mill-stone. She is surely in-
spired of God to spread this me.ssage.
If we depend on-our material ability or
the knowledge of books we will do noth-
ing in spiritual service-. But if we put
our dependence; upon God and let him
use us as an instrument we can almost
work miracles.
Dr. Guy of Boston: If the power of
God is with us we can do anything. The
United States today is the hope of the
world-. The nations are looking to us
fo-r the solution of the war problem, the
strife between labor and capital. If we
can catch the new universal spirit manifest in this temple
we can bring peace on earth. Let every
one be given a pledge card to do what
he can toward laying the foundation.
Mrs. Rice-Wray: There are two ways
to build the Ma-shrak-el-Azkar: one' is
through teaching; the other through the
raising of funds. We are only ab-out
two years old in Detroit but We have
nineteen confirmed souls and a great
many interested people. The message of
the new age has been given to hundreds
of people.
Abdul-Baha has told us that all our
future service to the world as light
bringers of the new age depends on
unity. That unity has come. I am sure
that no one who has entered this conven-
tion could doubt that we have attained to
perfect unity here as a convention. Now
THE WEST
that we have obtained. the unity we must
take the step of faith and build the
temple.
Mrs. Boynton: Abdul-Baha has said
that when we make a gift for a good
object in the name of one we love, a
father, mother, sister, brother, or friend
who has passed over to the other side,
that loved one in the world of light re-
joices in that gift. If in this way we
pledge to the building of the temple it
will be twice blessed because it will open
our hearts and rejoice the friends who
are only waiting for us in that beautiful
land.
Mrs. Hotchkiss: I move that the chair
appoint a committee which shall raise
the call to prepare for the laying of the
cornerstone of the Mashrak-el Azkar on
the 100th birthday of Nov.
12, 1917. (Seconded and unanimously
carried.)
M. Eshte'al-Ebn Kalanterz The Mash-
rak-el-Azkar is the visible expression of
the law of God as taught by 
This law is a divine covenant by follow-
ing which men shall enter all good. The
Center of this Covenant is the life and
words of Abdul-Ba-ha. It is also the
perfected expression of those words and
deeds in the Mashrak-el-Azkar. Seven-
teen years ago Abdul-Baha said the last
thing for him to do was to see that the
words of concerning the
erecting of the Mashrak-el-Azkar and the
instituting of that great law be realized.
Friends, you are building the edifice of
God's Covenant, of his universal law
through which his truth shall flow for the
enlightenment, for the uplifting of the
race. And truly, friends, if the test of
unity is united action, if the standard of
unity is sacrifice, you have achieved the
very pinnacle of unity.
If we can bring together the means for
laying this foundation we shall create a
force of attraction that will, perhaps,
bring the very presence of Abdul-Baha
upon this soil to lay the cornerstone and
give in America the first material expres-

