STAR OF THE WEST 151
tion to God; it is the education of souls;
such are the fruits of the human tree.
Otherwise it is only wood-nothing else."
(Kinney-Beebe-Thompson Notes of the
words of Abdul-Baha, June-July 1909.)
The heart must of necessity be
spiritual. A tree must be fruitful; it
may be very tall, very verdant, but yield
no fruits. The fruits of the tree of the
human life are the love of God, mag-
netic, spiritual susceptibilities,' heavenly
illumination, the knowledge of God,
praiseworthy attributes, good morals and
conduct. A person whose tree of life
produces such fruits is a Bahai; other-
wise he is of the earth earthy, self-oc-
cupied, and following the dictates of his
own desires, and is man only by name.
As his holiness Christ says: "Ye shall
know the tree by its fruits."
(Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, June
1, 1914.)
mm
If the fruit of the existence of man
is not servitude at the threshold of the
Almighty I declare by the living, self-
subsistent God that life is death, exist-
ence is non-existence, non-being is bet-
ter than being, pleasure is pain, joy is
sorrow, immortality is mortality. In this
court We must be humble and meek, ac-
tive and progressive, wide-awake and
thoughtful, true and sincere, noble and
good, straightforward and zealous. This
is the outcome of life! This is the result
of ceaseless endeavor! This is the prize
to be won! This is the illumination of
the world of humanity! This is the
eternal life! This is the sublimity of
human nature. This is the heavenly
glory! This is the radiant crown of the
Kingdom of Ab-ha!
(Diary of Mirza Ahmad S-ohrab, June
18, 1914.)
The world is mortal. In one instant
it will pass away; but the principle of
ease and tranquillity is the soul which is
in the eternal world. Real life is the life
of the spirit, While the bo-dy has to die
when its light has come to an end. There-
fore, of what importance is it'?
(Extract from Tablet to Mrs. Dealey,
revealed July 14, 1911.)
Know thou, verily; God hath pre-
ferred the insight to the sight; because
the sight sees the material things-, while
the insight apprehends the spiritual.
The former witnesses the world,
while the latter sees the world of the
Kingdom. The former 's judgment is tem-
porary, while the latter 's,vision is ever-
lasting. . . .
(Tablets of Abdul-Balm,' Vol. 3, p. 604.)
I hope . . . certain souls may
arise who may prove radiant lamps to
the world of humanity and a merciful
spirit to the phenomenal body; that they
may be the cause of the purification of
souls and the means of the sanctification
of hearts ;'--that they may know this mor-
tal world as fleeting shadow and call the
rest and repose, the pleasure and blessing,
the wealth and sovereignty of the earth
the waves of the sea of imagination; that
they may arise in -such wise to- live by the
divine teachings and exhortations of
(Baha'o'llah) as to sparkle like the morn-
ing star from the horizon of holiness.
(Extract from Tablet to a Seattle, Wash.,
believer; translated at Haifa, August
18, 1909.)
It was my aim that after thy return
to . . . thou shouldst hoist the en-
sign of the great guidance, that like the
morning star thou shouldst glisten with
the light of the great bestowal and that
thou shouldst shout so as to- awaken them
that are asleep and set aglow all who
are in lethargy. This is work!
Otherwise the foundation of man is
entirely shaky and without immortality.
The numbered days of life will come to
an end, the bright days will at last be-
come cloudy and at the last breath man,

