164 STAR OF THE WEST
lest that love 111ay cause him to incline
toward a direction, without guide, or that
hatred prevent him from turning in an-
other direction, just as in this day most
are bereft of the immortal Face and of
the threshold of meanings because of
these two tendencies and are grazing
shepherdless in the deserts of error and
oblivion. He should at all times trust
in God and turn away from the crea-
tures; be severed and detached from the
world of dust and united with the Lord
of Lords; not preferring his own self
before any one but cleansing the tablet
of his heart from pride and vain-glory;
attaching the heart to patience and self-
restraint; observing silence and avoiding
useless speech; for the tongue is a smoul-
dering fire and loquacity is a deadly poi-
son. Material fire devours bodies, but the
fire of the tongue consumes souls- and
minds. The effect of the former vanishes
in an hour but the latter continues for a
century.
He should consider backbiting as
error and never step into that court, for
backbiting extinguishes the brilliant
light of the heart and numbs the life of
the soul. He should be content with lit-
tle and free from avarice; profiting by
the companionship of the severed ones
and regarding seclusion from haughty
and people as a benefit. At
dawn he should be engaged in commem-
grrations, seeking for that Beloved One
ith the utmost earnestness and power;
consuming heedlessness the fire of
love and praise; passing over all else
save God with the swiftness of lightning;
bestowing a portion upon the destitute
a.nd not refusing benevolence and favor
to the unfortunate. He should show
kindness to the animals; how much more
to mankind, (especially) to the people
of the Beyan; refusing not his life for
the Beloved and turning not away from
the True One when approached b-y the
creatures. He should not wish for others
what he doth not wish for himself nor
say that which he will not fulfill; keep-
ing aloof from evildoers with all deter-
mination and asking the forgiveness of
God in their behalf; condoning the sin-
ners and despising them not for the end
is not known. Many a sinner who is
favored with the essence of faith at the
time of death drinks the wine of im-
mortality and hastens to the Supreme
Concourse while many a believing and
obedient one is estranged at the time of
the soul 's departure and dwells in the
lowest abyss of fire. In a word the trav-
eler and seeker should consider all else
save God mortal and account all but the
Adored One as nothing.
These conditions form the attributes
of the lofty ones and nature of the
spiritual ones. This hath already been
mentioned concerning the requirements
of the striver and the conduct of tray-
elers in the highways of 'positive knowl-
edge. When these conditions are real-
ized in a sincere seeker and an unre-
strained traveler then the term 'striver 
becomes true concerning him. When he
is confirmed in the performance of
"those who strive in us," he will surely
enjoy the glad tidings of "We will di-
rect them into our ways."
When the lamp of search, effort,
longing, fervor, love, rapture, attraction
and devotion is enkindled in the heart
and the breeze of love blows forth from
the direction of Unity the darkness of
error, do-ubt and uncertainty will be dis-
pelled and the lights of knowledge and
assurance will encompass all the pillars
of existence. Then the ideal herald will
dawn as the true morn from the divine
city with spiritual glad tidings and
awaken the heart, soul and spirit from
the sleep of negligence with the trumpet
of knowledge. Then the favors and con-
firmations of the eternal Holy Spirit will
impart such a new life that one will find
himself the possessor 0-f a new eye, a
new ear, a new heart and a new mind
and will direct his attention to the clear,
universal signs and to the hidden indi-
vidual secrets.
(Boole of I gham, by Baha'o'llah; pp. 137-
140.)

