STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become 'one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and difierenees oi race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strites,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VII Massa'ul l, 72 (December 12, 1916) No. 15
The Social Teachings of the Bahai Movement
A COMPILATION BY GEORGE O. LATIMER-.
"Certain regulations are revealed which insure the Welfare and Well-being
of all humanity. Just as the rich man enjoys his rest and his pleasures sur-
rounded by luxuries, the poor man must likewise have a home, be provided
with sustenance, and 11ot be in "want.
"Until this is eilected happiness is impossible. All are equal in the
estimation of God; their rights are one and there is no distinction for a11y soul;
all are protected beneatli the justice of God." 
HE solution of our economic prob-
I lems has lo11g been considered a
matter for the minds of philoso-
phers. and theoretical thinkers--a matter
apart from religion. But social and
economic questions are as much a- part
of religion as are prayer and Worship,
for true religion is the cause of the
advancement of civilization and progress
in the World and "the nobility and glory
of man consists in the fact that, amidst
the beings, he is the dawning place of
righteousness. Gan any greater blessing
be imagined by man than the conscious-
ness that by divine assistance the means
of comfort, peace and prosperity of the
human race are in his hands'? How
noble and excellent is man if he only
attain to that state for which he was
designed. And ho-W mean a.nd cont'e1np-
tible if he close his eyes to the public
weal and spend his precious capacities
on personal and selfish ends. The great-
est happiness lies in the happiness of
others. He who urges the ma.tch1ess
steed of endeavor on the race course of
justice and civilization alone is capable
of comprehending the Wonderful signs
of the natural and spiritual World."*
*All quotations unless otherwise speci-
fied are from the words of Abdul-Baha.
Civilization in its most general idea,
is an improved condition of man result-
ing from his relation to the social order
rather than the expression of his indi-
vidual independence, and has a twofold
aspect. One, a natural and material
civilization which serves the physical
World and the other a divine and heav-
enly civilization Which renders service
to the World of morality. One is found-
ed by the philosophers and scientists of
the World, the other is established by
the Prophets of God. Material civiliza-
tion may again be subdivided into those
affairs which have no direct relation to
life, producing luxury, indolence and
effeminacy, and those affairs which
contribute to-Ward the maintenance of
livelihood and to the happiness, Welfare
and comfort of mankind.
"In the world of nature the greatest
dominant note is the struggle for exist-
ence--the result of which is the survival
of the fittest. The law of the survival
of the fittest is the origin of all diffi-
culties. It is the cause of war and strife,
hatred and animosity, between human
beings. In the World of nature there is
tyranny, egoism, aggression, overbear-
ance, usurpation of the rights of others
and other blameworthy attributes which
are the defects of the animal World.

