90 STAR on
of the .love of God be ignited, all the
ices of that continent will be melted and
its frigid climate will be changed into
a temperate elimate--that is, if the
hearts will obtain the heat of the love
of God, that country and continent will
become a divine garden and a lordly or-
chard, and the souls, like unto the fruit-
ful trees-, will obtain the utmost fresh-
ness and delicacy. Magnanimity is nec-
essary, heavenly exertion is called for.
Should you display an effort, so that the
fragrances of God be diffused amongst
the Eskimos, its effect will be very great
and far-reaching. God says in the great
Koran: day will come wherein the
lights of unity will enlighten all the
world. The earth will be irradiated with
THE WEST
the light of its Lord." In other words:
"The earth will become illumined With
the light of God. That light is the light
of unity." "There is no God but God."
The continent and the islands of Eski-
mos also are parts of this earth. They
must similarly receive a portion of
the bestowals of the most great guidance.
Upon ye be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
at Haifa, Syria, April 26, 1916.
Original addressed to Mrs. May Max-
well, Montreal, Canada, care J. H. Han-
nen, Washington, D. O. Received Aug-
ust 19, 1916.
TABLET TO THE SOUTHERN STATES
To the friends and maid-servants of God
in the Southern States:
Upon them be greeting and praise!
ye heralds of the Kingdom of God!
A few days ago an epistle was writ-
ten to those divine believers, but be-
cause these days are the days of Nau-
rooz therefore you have come to my
mind', and I am sending you this greet-
ing for this glorious feast. All the days
are blessed, but this feast is thenational
fete of Persia. The Persians have been
holding it for several thousand years
past. In reality every day which man
passes in the mention of God and in
the service of the Kingdom of God that
day is his feast. Praise be to God, that
you are occupied in the service of the
Kingdom by day and by night. There-
fore all your days are feast days. There
is" no doubt that the assistance and be-
stowal of God shall descend upon you.
In the southern states of the United
States the friends are few, that is, in
Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, West
Virginia, North Carolina, South Caro-
lina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Tennessee, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Arkansas, Oklahoma and Texas. Oon-
sequently you must either go yourselves
or send' a number of blessed souls to
those states, so that they may guide the
people to the kingdom of heaven. His
holiness Mohammed, the messenger of
God, says: "If a person becomes the
cause of the illumination of one soul it
is better than a boundless treasury."
Again he says: Ali, if God guide,
through thee, one soul it is better" for
thee than all the riches." Again he
says: "Direct us to the straight path,"
that is, show us the direct road. In
brief, I hope you will dis-play in this re-
spect the greatest effort and magnanim-
ity. It is assured that you will become
assisted and confirmed.
Upon ye be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
at Haifa, Syria, April 26, 1916.
Original addressed to Mr. Joseph
H. Hannen, Washington, D. O.

