STAR OF THE WEST 93
grance to the friends in all parts of the
My sincere love to you and all the be-
world. lievers in Chicago a.nd Kenosha.
. . . 
Upon ye be greeting and praise.
Abdul-Baha is well and everything is
as usual.
Your fa.ithful brother,
(Signed) Ah-mad Sohrab.
"The construction of this great building (Mashrak-el-Azkar)
is the first divine foundation of the people
of Unity in America."
Haifa, Syria, July 10, 1916.
To Mrs. Corinne True, Chicago.
Care of Mr. Joseph I-I. Hannen, Wash-
ington, D. C.
My dea.r sister in the Cause of God 
Days and months are slowly creeping 0-n
and t'he hearts of millions of people are
longing for peace, praying for peace and
calling fervently and ardently on the
powers of peace. During such days
Abdul-Baha has not forgotten you and
he has revealed a Tablet for you, the
translation of which is as follows:
thou my daughter of the Kingdom!
Praise be to God, that tho-u art' assisted
and confirmed in the service of the
Mashrak-el-Azkar and art spending thy
effort in the erection of this edifice. The
construction of this "great building is the
first' divine foundation of the people of
Unity in America and it will be like unto
Mother unto the temples of God. All
the temples which will be built in the
future are b-orn fro-m this great Temple.
God says in the great Koran: "The
building' of the Mosques of God is car-
ried along by those souls who believe in
Grod a.nd in the day of judgment." In
other Words: The construction of the
divine mosques is undertaken by the be-
lieving, pure and blessed soul. It is my
hope that thou mayest become assisted
in building this edifice andlbecome con-
ducive to the firmness of the people in
the Covenant and Testament.
Endeavor thou as much as thou canst
so that the members of thy household be-
come believers in the Unity of God and
declare: "Verily, God is single!" become
a-ttracted to the Kingdom of God and
the promoters of the divine teachings.
Convey my respected greeting to thy
daughters.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
This is the early morning that I am
writing you this card. Abdul-Baha has
again come up t'o dwell near the blessed
tomb of the Ba.b, and his health is all
that is expected. Please present my sin-
cere spiritual love to all the dear friends
in Chicago; we hear heart-cheering news
about the work of the Temple and the
effort of the believers to raise contribu-
tions ha.s electrified us with a new energy.
Your faithful brother,
(Signed) Ahmad Sohmb.
"Praise be to God, that under the shade of divine providence we
are safe and enjoy good health."
To Dr. Zia Bagdadi and Zeenat Khanum,
(Mrs. Zia M. Bagdadi,) Chicago.
ye two doves of the nest of the Love
of God!
Although it is a long time that no
news has reached us from you, yet we
are continually thinking of you. You
must at least send us a post
card giving us in brief the news of your
health and safety and the spirituality of
the friends of God. For this will be-
come conducive to- the happiness of the
hearts. Praise be to God, that under
the shade of divine Providence we are
safe and enjoy good health, expressing
our thanks at the threshold of the Al-

