STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations: that all nationsshall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of atfection and unity between the sons ot men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VII Nur 1, 72 (]un_e 5, 1916) No. 5
"Two people are equivalent in strength of
character to the whole World"
Extracts from a talk given by Abdul-Baha at Los Angeles,
Saturday evening, October 19, 1912
NOT look at your small num-
ber_ Plurality of numbers is not
of importance. It is rather the
bounty of God that is is
the confirmation of the heavenly king-
dom. Consider past times. How often it
has happened that a limited meeting, a
small number, has finally widened its
circle and grown in proportion, until
it included all nations and religions.
Therefore, the hearts must be lool-ted at,
not the pluralities. If a limited number
of souls are possessed of hearts which are
pure and tender, that limited number is
equivalent in strength of character to
the Whole population of the earth.
Consider how, after the crucifixion of
Jesus Christwfifty days thereaftt->r--a
limited number of disciples gathered to-
gether on the Mount of Transfiguration,
not far from affa. The number of these
was eleven, They gathered there With
hearts pure, With intentions sincere, with
spirits exhilarated. In the utmost of
sincerity, Without any care, Without any
intention of self-desire did they gather
together, this limited number, and there
held a meeting upon the Mount. Be-
cause of the purity of the hearts of those
souls, because of the trustworthiness of
those souls, because of the reliance of
those souls, because of the attraction of
the hearts of those souls, the World was
illumined, Christianity was advancetl,
the Roman empire became Ohristianized;
the Assyrians Were converted,--also the
Chaldeans. In other words, the illumina-
tion of his holiness Christ illumined all
regions. All these Were the blessed results
of that meeting of eleven souls on the
mountain. They held that meeting in
the utmost of purity and sincerity, in
the utmost of faith and assurance; in
the utmost of attraction and zeal was
that meeting held. And these colossal
results Were attained, these wondrous
lights were expressed, this heavenly af-
fair Was promulgated.
Therefore do not look at your limited
number, that you are not capable of
having a meeting the same as other peo-
ple. Remember that importance is not
attached to numbers. Importance con-
cerns faith, concerns assurance, concerns
veracity, concerns firmness, concerns at-
tainment to the Kingdom of Abha, con-
cerns self-sacrifice in the path of the
Kingdom. If you attain to this, though
there be but two people, remember that
two people are equivalent in strength of
character to the whole world.
Therefore, I pray, asking for your con-
firmation and assistance, that the aid and
uplift of may reach you,
the hosts of the Kingdom of Abha may
reinforce you, that the powerful angels
of God may assist you. Be assured of
the victory; rest assured that you will be

