STAR OF THE WEST 185
with the most exquisite arts, unquestion-
ably will forget all these adornments
as soon as he finds out there is a crack
in the wall or ceiling and without loss of
time will set to repair it. On the other
hand absolute perfection is unattainable
by man. However much a man may ad-
vance yet he is imperfect, because there
is always a point ahead of him. No soon-
er does he look up toward that point
than he becomes dissatisfied with his own
condition and aspires to attain to that.
Christ desired to teach us this thing in
a concre-te manner when some one said,
thou good Master!" He answered,
"Why dost thou call me good? There
is one good, and that is God 
(\Vords- of Abdul-Baha, from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, June 1, 1914.)

Praising o11e's self is the sign of selfish-
ness. Oommanding others is not the
passport to the realm of spiritual prog-
ress. Here is a man who speaks very
few words but he is working all the
time and attending to all his duties.
There is another man who sits 'down,
talks continually, and boasts of his past
achievements.
(\Vords of Abdul-Baha, from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, July 8, 191-1.)
There are some people who make this
short span o-f life miserable to them-
selves and others because they harbor
envy in their hearts, Envy is the most
despicable quality in man. Some peo-
ple are so filled with it that they cannot
bear to see any of their friends receive
greater privileges and higher pro-motions
in life than themselves. Like poison
envy kills all their nobler sentiments.
Envy lowe-rs the station of man and
makes him a supreme egoist, and self-
centered. If man extricates himself
from the claws of this ignoble monster
he has defeated the powers of Satan.
Then he will attain tranquility and peace
of mind. Man must become evanescent
and self-denying. Then all the difficul-
ties and hardships of the World will not
touch him. He will become like unto a
sea, although on its surface the tempest
is raging and the mountainous waves
rising, in its depth there is complete
calmness.
("Words of Abdul-Baha, from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, October 26,
1913.)
T'o be approved of God alone should
be one's aim.
And has thou realized thy own short-
comings"? One must always search for his
own shortco-mings so that he may repent
at the threshold of Oneness and become
protected and guarded; otherwise, pride
and haughtiness will take possession of
one's heart and this will cause depriva-
tion of the bounties of the Oourt of Sin-
gleness.
(VVOrds of Abdul-Baha: From tablet
translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, No-
vember 1, 1909.)

Be pure--to be pure is to be selfless.
(V\7ords of Abdul-Baha; Dive-ne Phil-
osophy; p. 13.)
Say! Let your Word be one, and
agree in your opinions, and make your
mornings preferable to your evenings
and the mo-rrow better than yesterday.
The merit of man depends upon his serv-
ice and perfection and not upon the or-
naments of riches and wealth. Let your
words be free from falsehood and lust
and your actions sanctified and above
suspicion and pure fro-m hypocricies.
Say! Spend not the wealth of your
precious lives on lustful desires and do
not confine things only to your private
interests, but bestow when you have and
be patient when you have not. Dis-
tress is followed by afliuence and con-

