106 STAR or
thoughtless they are! Neither their adu-
lation or blame shall reach me. I have
done my work! I have sown my seeds,
and leave it to the power of God to
cause their growth! You Wait a few
years longer and you will then hear
the notes of this melodious music!
"Once upon a time there was a poor
fellah (farmer) who cultivated a patch
of ground with cotton. His neighbor-
ing farmers were all rich landlords and
Pashas and so they prevented in a high
handed manner this poo-r fellah from re-
ceiving his 'just share of water where-
with to irrigate his parched farm. He
appealed several times to their fair sense
of justice but they laughed him out of
their presence. Finally, realizing that
his cotton would dry and his labors fail,
he went one midnight and changed the
current of the stream toward his own
farm and irrigated it most thoroughly.
VVhen in the morning the landlords saw
what their daring neighbor had done,
they sent for him and rebuked him se-
verely. Not being satisfied with this,
they bastina.doed him very hard. \Vhile
he was undergoing this cruel punish-
ment he cried out: ye men! I have
already irrigated my farm; this will do
you no good. I have saved the destruc-
tion of my crop by the drought! Why
do you inflict upon me such a useless
torture'! The earth is watered.'
"In a similar manner we have done
THE WEST
our Work; the censure and criticism of
all mankind will not undo it. It is said
that late at night a man was passing a
house. He saw a man digging patiently
and laboriously and quietly at the wall.
'Wha.t art thou doing?' he asked. 'Oh,
I am digging away the foundation' the
man in the dark answered. 'For what
purpose?' 'To rob the house.' 'But no
one hears the noise 0-f thy hammer, how
is that?' 'There is yet time; tomorrow
they will hear it. Its noise shall fill the
whole town.' Now, before long the peo-
ple of the Orient will be awakened and
hear the great tones of the new music of
God!"
Bidding the delighted operator good-
by, he arose from his seat and returned
homeward.
Mrs. vo-n Lilienthal and Mrs. Beede
called on Abdul-Baha and had many
spiritual questions to ask. One question
was about the fishes and the five loaves.
"The five loaves," he explained, "are
the five different kinds of teaching with
which Christ satisfied a hungry multi-
tude and the twelve baskets left over
were the disciples."
When the interview came to an end,
he said:
"My hope is that in this dark world
you may become like brilliant torches,
illumining the gloomy path of the wan-
dering travelers."
(Signed) Ahmad Sohrab.
-iwl-us IS THE 
Let There be Peace
Talk by Abdul-Baha given in Paris, France, November 23, 1911,
during the war between Italy and Tripoli.
HEY say that a train fell in the
I Seine river and twenty-five per-
sons were drowned. Today 011
account of this tragedy there will be a
detailed discussion in parliament. They
have arrested the manager of the rail-
road. Great disputes will take place~
fierce disturbances! I was very much
astonished that for twenty-five persons
who fell in the river and drowned, such
a strange tumult appeared in the parlia-
ment; but for Tripoli, where- thousands
are being killed in a day, they never say
a. word. Undoubtedly, so far at least, five
thousand persons have been killed. It
never occurs to the parliament that these

