8 STAR or THE WEST
selves to a long degradation, suffering,
powerlessness and humility, which the
time had laid in store for a near future,
as a result of their error and inadvert-
ance.
According to my honorable teacher,
Mirza Abul Fazl, when we carefully
study the writings of the Israelitish
prophets, we will find that all of their
prophecies point to two great events in
connectio-n with the children of Israel.
The first are facts foretelling the degra-
dation of the Israelites, their scattering,
their suppression, the desolation of their
land and the conquering of the Holy
City by the Gentiles. The second speaks
of their salvation, emancipation, the
restoration of their land, their gathering
together from all parts of the world, and
their re-establishment in their inherited
country. So it was in fulfillment of the
first of these prophecies that the Father
of all good illumined the land of Pales-
tine with the beauty of the Son. As the
Jews did not find His appearance con-
sistent with their own limited minds and
dark imaginations, as they did not find
Him the literal fulfiller of the signs and
tokens given by their prophets concern-
ing the coming of the Messiah, and as the
eyes of their hearts were blinded to the
Truth and its shining Light, so they ig-
nored His mission, misunderstood His
message, persecuted His blessed Being,
and finally they crucified that glorious
Person who had come to unite the chil-
dren of men and teach them the Father-
hood of God. That loving Spirit had
come to direct the Jews to everlasting
glory and quicken them with the spirit'
of eternal life, but as they refused to
present themselves at the heavenly ta-
ble of His bounty and satisfied them-
selves with the transient fruit of this
world, therefore that divine Beauty
chose the Gentiles to partake of that
great Gift, and illumined the pagan
Europe With the Light of Truth and
God-worship. He extended the hand of
divine confirmation over the children of
Greece and delivered them from the pit-
falls of mythology. He abolished their
abominable practices and taught them
how to work out their salvation and at-
tain to everlasting prosperity. In His
sermon on the mount, He instructed
them that meekness and lowliness Were
the foundation of glory, and plainness
and simplicity were the basis of Truth.
He proved to them that philosophy was
not the key to spirituality, and that uni-
fication and welfare cannot be secured
by the intellectual power of man. While
in His day the Greeks considered His
teachings as foolishness, yet in their good
time these became a framework o-f their
institutions and served as life principles
to more than one-half of the population
of the globe. On the other hand, the
Israelites, depriving themselves of this
great favor, fell into division and degra-
dation and many a time their land was
trampled under the feet of conquer-
ors. They experienced calamity upon
calamity, hardship upon hardship, and
privation upon privation, until finally
the Light of Truth appeared in the
Lamp of Hedjas to illumine the pagan
Arabs of the desert and direct them to
the Light of real Truth.
Mohammed arose and set fire to the
harvest of Arabian superstitions. His
iconoclastic practice broke the idols of
ignorance and barbarity, and his mono-
theistic principle established the belief
in the "Oneness of God." In a short
period of time his religion prevailed in
most of the eastern World and brought
Chinese, Hindoos, Fire-worshippers and
pagans to the confession 0-f the divine
Unity. His appearance fulfilled the
prophecies of old concerning the abomi-
nation of desolation in the Holy Land
and the taking away of the daily sacri-
fice, for during the early decades of his
manifestation, Omar, the Oaliph and
valiant conqueror, gained victory over
Jerusalem and entirely expelled the Is-
raelites from the Land of Promise, which
exile led to the eradication of the daily
sacrifice from among the Jews.
(Continued on page 9)

