88 STAR OF
soil. The harvest of every other seed is
limited, but the bounty and the blessing
of the seed of the divine teachings are
unlimited. Throughout the coming cen-
turies and cycles many harvests will be
gathered. Consider the work of former
generations. During the lifetime of his
holiness Christ the believing, firm souls
were few and numbered, but the heav-
enly benedictionsr descended so plenti-
fully that in a number of years count-
less souls entered under the shade of the
Gospel. God has said in the Koran:
"One grain will bring forth seven
sheaves, and every sheaf shall contain
one hunderd grains." In other words,
one grain will beco-me seven hundred;
and if God so wills he will double these
also. It has often happened that one
TABLET TO THE
To the believers of God and the maid-
servants of the Merciful in the West-
ern States:
ye sons and daughters of the King-
dom!
Day and night I have no other occu-
pation than the remembrance of the
friends, praying from the depth of my
heart in their behalf, begging for them
confirmation from the Kingdom of God
and supplicating the direct effect of the
breaths of the Holy Spirit. I am hope-
ful from the favors of his highness the
Lord of bestowals, that the friends of
God during such a time may become the
secret cause of the illumination of the
hearts of humanity, breathing the breath
of life upon the praise-
worthy results may become conducive to
the glory and exaltation of humankind
throughout all eternity. Although in
some of the western states, like Califor-
nia, Oregon, Washington and Colorado,
the fragrances o-f holiness are diffused,
numerous souls have taken a share and
a portion from the Fountain of Ever-
TI-IE WEST
blessed soul has become the cause of the
guidance of a nation. Now we must not
look at our own ability and capacity;
nay, rather we must behold the favors
and bounties of God in these days, Who
has made the drop to find the expression
of the sea and the atom the importance
of the sun.
Upon ye be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
at Haifa, Syria, April 26, 1916.
Original addressed to Mr. Hooper
Harris, New York City, N. Y., care J.
H. Hannen, Washington, D. C. Received
August 19, 1916.
WESTERN STATES
lasting Life, they have obtained heavenly
benediction, have drunk an overflowing
cup from the wine of the love of God
and have hearkened to the melody of the
Supreme in the states
of New Mexico, Wyoming, Montana,
Idaho, Utah, Arizona and Nevada, the
lamp of the love of God is not ignited
in a befitting and behooving manner, and
the call of the Kingdom of God has not
been raised.' Now, if it is possible, show
ye an effort in this direction. Either
travel yourselves, personally, throughout
those states or choose others and send
them, so that they may teach the souls.
For the present those states are like unto
dead bodies; they must breathe into
them the breath of life and bestow upon
them a heavenly spirit. Like unto the
stars they must shine in that horizon and
thus the rays of the Sun of Reality may
also illumine those states.
God says in the great Koran: "Verily
God is the helper of those who have be-
lieved. will lead them from darkness
into light." This means: Grod loves the
believers, consequently he will deliver

