STAR OF THE WEST 12
[Following its usual custom this issue_0i the STAR OF THE West emphasizes "The Center of
The Covenant" in the person and function of ABDUL--BAHA, inasmuch as the Twenty-sixth of
November is the "Feast of the Appointment of The Center of The fidilursj
The turning of the pages of the
"Book of the Covenant"
Extracts from an Address delivered by Mrs. Isabella D.
Brittingham, in Chicago, November 5, 1916.
THEBIE are two parts to this Book. There is the collective Book; but back
of it is the reality--that creation which made the "Center" of the Cove-
nant--Abdul>>Baha, the real Book. He tells us that the Covenant means,
"the power and authority that has given to him.
Nine days after the great ascensiontl' of Abdul-Baha took a
few Oriental believers into the Holy Toinb, and in their presence, the "Book
of the Covenant" (Kitab-cl-Ahal) was read. That turned for the world the first
page of the real "Bo-ok of the Covenant." Hadjai Hassan Khorassani, who was
one of those present, told me of this when en route to Akka in 1901.
In 1898 another page was turned. The Message of the Kingdom Was first
heard in America, covering a period of several clouded years.
Again a page of that Creative Book was turned when, for several years
following this Message, American believers visited (at Akka.) the presence of that
Book shining from the mirror of Abdul-Baha and returned, coiifirming the glad
tidings.
Another turned page followed: The page of the pioneer work in America.
in which period the proclamation of those Wonderful glad tidings Was made in
assemblies, in assembly vicinities, from east to West, from north to south, blazing
a. trail and hewing the Way in the Wilderness-, as it were, for the coining of the
Great Seed-sower. During that period, in order to meet the limitation of any
human conceptions, Abdul-Baha ever described himself as the servant, or slave,
of the servants of God.
In 1912 that Seed-sovver came to America, and his presence changed the
face of our country as Well as that of the World. turned another page of the
real "Book of the Covenant," at that time adorning it with the Tablet of the
which the Infinite Creator had revealed through for the
World. In that Tablet Abdul-Baha is proclaimed: "The most sacred Temple
of Abba." Vllhat is the meaning of the title, It is 
GLORY or Goo." That "Glory," continued in manifestation, is shining in this
hour from "the most sacred Temple of Aloha." The "Branch" is dependent
upon the "Pre-existent Root," as the divine sap pours u_pvva1"cl tlirough the
Greatest Branch (or Trunk) and finds its greatest expression thereupon, in the
fruit which contains the Crea~ti'oc Seed.
Vile must always call him for he has chosen that title for
himself. This has to do with his individual offering of servitude and sacrifice.
This is his personal station. But seeing eyes behold this station as the altar
upo-n which burns the flame of the Covenant, and which is the "Book of the
Covenant. 
Upon all of the pages of this Book is unfolded in golden words and letters
the Masl1ra.k-el-Azkar. The presence of the Covenant is the one wh0- calls him-
self "Abdul-Baha" is the spiritual Maslirak-el-Azkar--of which the edifice soon.
God grant, to be built in Chicago, is the outer symbolfiand he has said that
radiant pure hearts are (to build} this Symbol Temple. That is, he is building
'*.Death of May 28, 1892.

