108 STAR OF
be dead, stagnant, lifeless. But the
waves of the mind of man are fa.r greater
than those of the sea; they also are
ceaseless. They never stop for one in-
stant. This movement is good. If these
waves of the mind are few, the man is
dull and quiet. What pearls and jewels
are contained in the depths of the sea!
But the pearls and jewels hidden in the
mind of man are the knowledge, virtues,
capabilities, etc. These pearls can grow
and increase in lustre forever, but the
pearls of the s-ea remain always the same.
These waves from our minds go forth
and create movement and thought in
other minds. From one strong thought
of love what great results may be pro-
duced!"
A question. sent by a Bahai: "What
is the meaning of Ghrist's eating the
fish and honey after his resurrection?"
Abdul-Baha answered: "All these
things, the fish, the honeycomb, etc., are
symbols and were meant to be understood
spiritually, just as the resurrection itself
was a spiritual resurrection. But be-
cause the people who received these teach-
ings from the first teachers were ignor-
ant, they understood them literally."
Abdul-Baha said: "We know that the
body or form has nothing to do with
spirit or spiritual conditions. When the
spirit is disconnected from or leaves the
body, that is no reason for thinking it
can be re-absorbed or joined with the
THE WEST
whole of spirit, as the drops of water are
absorbed or lost in the sea. The earth
is one unit, yet how many beings and
separate parts it contains! The body of
man is one unit, yet it has an infinite
number of separate and individual parts
that compose it--such as eyes, fingers,
etc.; so, in like manner, spirit is one,
but consisting of many differentiated
parts."
During a former visit to Akka, when
conditions for the prisoners were most
severe, Miss Rosenberg was deeply dis-
tressed and asked Abdul-Baha why he,
who was so perfect, should have to en-
dure such sufferings.
He answered: "How could they (God's
teachers) teach and guide others in the
Way if they themselves did not undergo
every species of suffering to which other
human beings are subjected?"
Abdul-Baha says:
"If any troubles or vicissitudes come
into your lives--if your heart is de-
pressed on account of health, livelihood
or vocation, let not these things affect
you. These things should not cause un-
happiness. Heavenly food has he pre-
pared for you; everlasting glory has he
bestowed upon you. Therefore these
Glad Tidings should cause you to soar in
the atmosphere of joy forever and ever.
You must render thanks unto God for-
ever so that the confirmations of God may
encircle you all."
IS THE 
A New Friend from Persia
A Tablet introducing Mirza, Mahmood
Khan of Shiraz, Persia, who is studying
at Valparaiso, Indiana:
"Through Mr. Wilhelm to the believ-
ers of Am~erica--upon them be greeting
and praise! ye real friends, ye
people of unity! His honor Mahmood
Khan is a true friend and is firm and
steadfast in faith. He has traveled to
the United States for the acquirement of
material knowledge. Exercise toward
him and show him respect and give him
place in great assemblies."
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA AJBBAS.

