78 STAR OF
the birds how they gather and fly to-
gether. Do you remember When you
were a child how pleased you were with
the children who Were of your age and
how happy you were?" . . .
"His holiness liked such
natural scenery. He said: 'The city
is the world of the bodies but the moun-
tains and the country are the World of
the souls.' Yet all of his life he was a
prisoner and fell under great calamities.
You must be very grateful to Columbus
Who discovered such a great country. It
is exceedingly astonishing that though
h.e was the discoverer, yet it be-
came known by the name of America.
Indeed this country should be called
Columbia, which is true and just. Every
existing being of the nether world, al-
though it is useful, has still its harmful
side. But the thing to be considered is,
which is the greater, its usefulness or
harmfulness"? For example, although by
the discovery of Columbus the world
seemingly suffered weariness and hard-
instance, if Columbus did
not discover America the Titanic would
not have been built and so many souls
these evils in comparison
with the benefits are as nothing. There-
fore, the usefulness of other things must
be considered. In this day the things
which are all good are those which per-
tain to the spirit. They are all good
and for the good of all. From them no
harm ever comes, for they are light and
there is no harm in light."
Someone asked what Abdul-Baha
thought of New York city. Abdul-Baha
answered: "Its houses are somewhat
close to each other. They are like cages.
They are like bee-hives. But here all is
good. When We rode in the carriage and
came to this summer resort it was as
though we came out of a hell into para-
dise.
"Today after our arrival We Went to
the Waterfalls. On returning We Were
caught by rain and We got somewhat Wet;
THE WEST
We ran to a house nearby. In t'he tab-
lets of his holiness it is
Written that once his holiness Christ was
in the desert. It was a dark night and it
began to rain in torrents. He Went to
a cave but he sa.W ferocious animals
therein. He stopped outside and the rain
poured upon his head fearfully. He
said: God, to the birds thou hast
given a nest, to the wild- animals a cave,
and to the sheep a- valley, but for the
Son of Man thou hast not created a place
wherein he can shelter himself from the
rain. Fa.ther, thou seest that the
earth is my bed, gr-ass is my food, and
the stars are my lamps by night.' Then
he said: 'Y/Vho is richer than Thou
hast bestowed upon me a. bounty Which
was not given to the kings, princes, phil-
osophers, and the rich. \Vl1o is more
Wealthy than 
 --
"In the writings of 
there a.re events which were not men-
tioned in the Gospels. These traditions
are from the life of Christ. The-y show
the genius and sublimity of Christ. I
would like to tell you another story. It
is said that one day Christ arrived in a
village where the government made a
law that the inhabitants must not allow
strangers to enter their homes. This
was because in those regions robbery
was increasing. His Holiness went to
the house of an old Woman. When she
saw his beauty and majesty she was
ashamed to refuse to receive him, and
did not Want to- reject him. So she ad-
mitted him with the utmost respect.
Then when she looked at him and real-
ized by his manners the greatness of
his Holiness, she stepped forward and
kissed his hand. And she said to him:
have only one son and nobody else. He
was Wise, perfect, and We were living
very happily. Now, for some time he
has been worried; he is mourning; he
fills our home with sorrow and sadness;
he is working daily, but at night he
comes home Worried; he does not sleep,

