l4 STAR OF
friends are well and pray that the day
will come when they will have the pleas-
ure of seeing you in this Holy Land.
Will that day soon come?
Concerning the fund that our brother,
Dr. Getsinger bro-ught with him, Abdul-
Baha did not accept it and after his de-
parture a cable was forwarded to Amer-
ica on this subject.
THE WEST
Abdul-Baha expected to go to Tiberias
the other day with a number of the holy
family, but he postponed it till after to-
morrow. He is going to take me with
him. I am very happy over it as I
will have another privilege to be included
in the divine society of Abdul-Baha.
Please give my sincere greetings to all.
Ahmad Sohrab.
"If all souls' thoughts were entirely given to holy thoughts
of God, what would become of the world from
a commercial standpoint?

Mirza Abul Fazl's Answer to the above Question
OVE, faith and being filled with
the will of God are not contradic-
tory to the temporal aifairs that
man has to attend to (that is, we can be
filled with the love of God and at the
same time look after our life
and pursuits which are necessary to
guarantee our social Welfare and pros-
perity, though in the beginning it
is difiicult fo-r us to realize this state in
ourselves, yet this can become feasible
and practical, if we obey the laws and
ordinances of God. For instance, con-
sider David: Wliile he was attentive and
watchful over his temporal alfairs and
dominion to such an extent that
he looked after each one of his soldiers,
computed" their number, arranged their
sustenance and means of living, and
while he was so alert in arranging ad-
ministrative affairs that he was not at
all heedless of the neighboring kings and
their thoughts--even through outward
means-Jeven in such wise that through
warfare .and battles he strengthened that
Weak kingdom of the Israelites and glori-
fied his people before the eyes of the
great kings of Egypt and 
nevertheless, could it be thought that he
was meanwhile separated from the love
of God? Or could it be said he was so
carried away by temporal occupations
and cares as to make him heedless of the
commemoration of God? And could we
and you, as some people, bring ourselves
to believe that David did sin'?
Likewise, consider His Holiness Abra-
hamnomadic
life, and possessed' large herds and flocks
in the desert, and he gained his living
by rearing sheep and cattle. He was so
watchful, and attentive in the adminis-
tration o-f the afiairs pertaining to tem-
poral pursuits that nothing escaped his
not-ice. Although when single and alone,
he migrated from the Ur of the Chald-
eans, he exercised the utmost care in
his affairs, and thus became
accounted' among the highest men of
affluence in Syrian lands; and notwith-
standing he contributed personal Watch-
fulness and attention over every single
sheep in case of sicknesssingle moment heedless of the com-
memoration of God; so much so, that
among all the inhabitants of the world,
at that time, he alone was chosen by God
as His friend.
Consequently, we and you must like-
wise exert ourselves, in order to reach
such a point in the love of God that the
world and its occupations, no matter

