STAR OF THE WEST 123
IS THE 
"We must arise to accomplish that which
is required by the Lord"
Talk Given by Abdul-Baha, Tuesday Morning, December 3, 1912,
at 780 VVest End Avenue, New York City.
HAVE been in your gatherings
I many times. I have not a.ttended
one-tenth of the number of meet-
ings in other cities' which I have at-
tended in this city, but with you I have
been in meetings day times, during
evenings, with you individually, with
you collectively, and I have told you the
teachings and exhortations of his holi-
ness, I conveyed unto.
you the glad tidings of God, I explained
unto you the wishes of the Blessed Per-
fection; that which is conducive to hu-
man progress have I explained to you,
and that which leads to the most great
humility. I have given you a thorough
explanation of the teachings of Bani'-

Now the time is well nigh when I
shall leave you, and I cannot appear in
your assemblages, for I have a great
deal to do, and I have to go away day
after tomorrow. I therefore look upon
this gathering of ours today as the fare-
well gathering.
I am pleased with you all. I am very
much rejoiced because of you all, be-
cause you have all shown the utmost
kindness towards me; the utmost af-
fection ha-ve! you demonstrated towards
me. I desire that his holiness, 
o'Ln.ir1, be pleased with you, that you
may keep the promises and confirma-
tions of The promises
of the requirements that
has made of you are these:
that your hearts must be illumined,
your souls mu-st be rejoiced with the
glad tidings of God, your morals must
be spiritual morals, your conduct must
be an evidence of faith and assurance,
you must be in the utmost of sanctity
and purity and in the high degree of
love and attraction toward the Kingdom
of Abha. You must become the lamps
of so that you may. give
eternal light, that you may become evi-
dences andl proofs of the truth of
so that as men consider
your deeds and conduct they will see
the signs of purity and chastity therein
and see the heavenly illumination
clearly in your deeds, so that all men
may say, "Verily, ye are the proofs of
Verily, is
the true One; he is the one of truth,
beca-use he has trained such souls, each
of which is a proof of himself." Ye
must so live that they may say to others,
"Come and see the conduct of these
souls, come and listen to their words,
come and witness the illumination of
their hearts, come and see the traces of
the love of God Within them, come and
see praiseworthy morals in them, come
and find the foundation of the oneness
of humanity' within them. What greater
proof can there be than these persons as
to the truth of 
It is my hope that everyone of you
shall be a crier unto God, proclaiming
his truth, either through his words or
through his deeds or through his
thoughts. Let your deeds and utter-
ances be a proof that you are of the
kingdom of These are the
duties enjoined upon you by 

His holiness, endured
great hardship, no night did he find rest,
no day did he gain peace. was con-
stantly in great calamity. Now he was

