STAR OF THE WEST
"'Ne desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes.
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VII Sultan l, 72 (January 19, l9l7) No. 17
Recent Tablets from Abdul-Baha
"Should Abdul-Baha soar from this mortal prison to the immortal
rose-garden, none of you must be disturbed"
Haifa, Syria, Oct. 9, 1916.
Mrs. Georgia Ralston,
New York City.
My dear sister in the Cause of God:
A few months ago I wrote you a let-
ter which I hope you have received by
this time and its contents have become
known to you.
Now, after spending nearly forty
days with Abdul-Baha in "Tiberias, We
returned last Week to Haifa, finding
the friends in good health and every-
thing going along smoothly.
In the outside World there are many
changes daily, many new ideals inter-
playing their forces, many important
problems to occupy one's mind and
thought, but here the page of our lives
is blank; one day succeeds the other
quiet, peaceful. Our life in this corner
of the World is the life of the valley
and the l0wland--not the life of the
highland and the mountain Where the
strong winds are blowing from all di-
rections, the Whirlvvinds requiring iron
constitutions and strong muscles.
It gives me great pleasure to give
you here the translation of Abdul-
Baha's tablet to you:
To the maid-servant of God, Mrs.
Georgia Ralston.
thou spiritual daughter of the King-
doml
The letter that thou hast Written
to Mirza Ahmad Sohrah Was perused.
It imparted exceeding joy, joy to the
heart, for it contained very good news,
that, praise be to God, the friends of
God, notwithstanding the interruption
of the means of correspondence, are in
the state of the utmost joy and fra-
grance. This must indeed be the condi-
tion of those souls who have entered
the Kingdom. They must not be dis-
couraged by any obstacles, nay, rath-
er, they must, day by day, increase
their attraction and enkindlement, for
confirmations are descending upon
them from the heavenly Spirit. You
must be firm and steadfast to such a
degree that not only the interruption
of the means of communication, but
should Abdul-Baha hasten from this
World to another World and soar from
this mortal prison to the immortal
rose-gardeii, none of you must be shaken
or disturbed nay, rather, moment
after moment the strength of heart
be augmented and firmness and stead-
fastness be increased. For when the
lamp of the love of God is ignited in
the heart, its flame must become purer
and Whiter day by from
head to foot he may become a torch of
flaming fire. When his holiness the
Bab and his holiness Baha'o'llah
ascended to the Supreme Concourse,
the intensity of the fire of the service
of the friends of God became an hun-
dred fold and in the assemblages of
humanity they shone out with the ut-
most sanctity and purity. I hope you
will likewise attain to such a station.
Convey longing greetings, on my

