60 swan on
great effect upon the spirits of the

"The Mashrak-el-Azkar, though out-
wardly a. material foundation, is pos-
sessed of spiritual effect and causes the
union of hearts and the gathering of
souls."
The Chairman: Mr. R-emey tell us
about this chest.
Mr. Remey: Some time ago I had
an idea that when the time came for the
laying of the material cornerstone Ab-
dul-Baha. might have some papers to put
in it and- it occurred to me that I would
like to make a chest for that purpose.
Mr. Roy C. Wilhelm: Abdul-'Baha said
to me in New York, that if from the be-
ginning we had lived up to the Bahai
principles in New York and had actively
delivered this message to others--yes, if
we had lived and proclaimed one of the
Bahai principles, it would have made
such a spiritual impression that by this
time one~ha1f of New York City would
have been Bahai. So I sharpened "my
pencil and figured out that if I had done
my part 7183 would have caught the
Bahai spirit.
Dr. D'Evelyn: When he was in
America. a small group of people gath-
ered around Ab-dul-Baha and asked:
"Wl1at are we to want to go
out and- teach." Abdul-Baha said: "The
gardener must first have tools before he
can cultivate the soil. The first tool that
you require is severance; the second is
knowledge; then the 'love of God, and
then eloquence." By using all these
tools, he said, they would become suc-
cessful gardeners.
Abdul-Baha also told us the banner of
will be extended to all
kingdoms, and the knowledge of God
will illumine all climes, and the words of
God will reach the hearing of the great
American people. Be confident and have
no doubt about it, he said; rest assured
THE WEST
and day and night be ye striving that
ye may be the people to spread these
lights, for if ye are not the people, God
will raise up a people who shall unfurl
the banner of who shall
carry this gospel of light and peace into
the city of the hearts and make one all
the people of humanity.
Mrs. Cooper in the chair.
Mr. Lunt: I feel the most incapable
of any. of you to voice the word or even
a letter of the word which must be
uttered in this convention. There is a
burning issue and one only which this
convention must solve before it adjourns.
We must answer the call of Abdul-Baha
and provide the material means which
will build the temple.
Some eight years ago certain Bahai
souls, swayed by the call of Abdul-Baha,
although they had no means, no money,
met together in faith and assurance and
said: "We will start this great Work."
Albert Hall, Corinne 'True a.nd other-s
met together and guaranteed a. bond with
which to buy the temple land on mo-rt-
gages. The sacrifice was accomplished
and the East' and the West contributed
until in 1913 a. sum of $75,000 had been
raised and the last mortgage paid off.
We now have the land free and clear for
the erection of this great edifice.
Then what happened? Abdul-Baha
came in 1912. He said: "You will
find that very soon the subscriptions
will fall, will diminish. Then of a sud-
den they will rise and you will become
victorious. This is necessary, this is wis-
dom, this is ordained."
His prophecy has been fulfilled. In
1914 and 1915 the funds began to
shrink and shrink. But now, praise be
to God, they are rising! On February
4th there was sent out, with the approval
of the Executive Bo>>a'rd, a letter which
you have all received. It sought a uni-
versal expression of the Bahai ideal of
unity. It sought to bring every Bahai
into a relation of oneness in service and
sacrifice with every other Bahai. VVhat

