STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the _s0nS oi men shall be strefifithenfldi
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. S0 It Shall 'he; these fruitless 
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the Most Great Peace' shall LLAH.
Vol. VII Sharaf 1, 72 (December 31, 1916) No. 16
The Divine.Art of Living
A COMPILATION BY MRS. MARY M. RABB
EDITORIAL
O0 often we think of religion as a set of creeds and beliefs, as merely
I a beautiful philosophy, subject-matter for intellectual speculation. And
true religion, of course, is a philosophy divinely luminous in its com-
pleteness. Yet the philosophy is but a light Which. points the way to a radiant
life. To see the light on the path is of value only When We Walk in the
path and-, climbing its shining steps by acts of will and deeds of love, ascend
into the Kingdom.
In his tablets, those glorious outpourings of the essence of the Bahai revela-
tion, Abdul-Baha always speaks of love, of unity, of life ahounding. men-
tions philosophy only when he is questioned.
The Bahai Movement will sweep through America when it is presented by
its followers and teachers as a Way of life. And We are effective teachers of
spiritual truth only when our own hearts are pure flames of love and our words
fall as a consuming and holy fire. But how may We attain to this lifg which
is so pure and radiant tha.t its love shall burn away the darkness and sin
which envelope our World"? How may we Win this exalted station of the true
teacher?
With this issue of the STAR or THE We print the Opening chapter
of a Wonderful compilation by Mrs. Mary M. Babb of Portland, Oregon, on this
the most important topic known to the human soul. Successive chapters of
this compilation on "The Divine Art of Living" will appear throughout the
year presenting the steps on the path to the exalted station to which every
soul is called. Here is the Way "to live the life" which "the people of reality"
today are seeking. Here is the path revealed by those who are themselves the
Way, the t_ruth and the life.
CHAPTER ONE
"Welcome to the Kingdom of God"
RAGE and Welcome unto you. I
Wish you not the temporal
strength of the passing body,
but the eternal strength of the im-
mortal soul. Some (persons) can be
compared unto prepared lamps, only
Waiting the Spirit 's breath to illumine
them; while others are still unprepared.
There is some Wood that is inflamed at
once; there is a damp, wet wood that has
to be warmed before the flame can pen-
etrate the heart. Again there is wood as
hard as stone and verily, in vain the heat
and flame caress it. Some earth must
be tilled before the seed can he planted.
So-me plants absorb Water in the earth
and others remain dry. Open your
hearts that they may be filled; open your
souls that the divine light may shine
therein. Strive, strive to receive the
Spirit of Truth. Truth awaits your call.
Some (persons) with serious ills go

