18 STAR OF THE WEST
nations," is meant that by the words of
attracting the hearts of
the different nations to the Great Cause,
they will become united and the veils
and coverings of religious divergences
will be rent asunder.
In the eighth verse, of the same chap-
ter, it sa.ys: "He will swallow up death
in victory; and the Lord God will wipe
away tears from off all faces; and the
rebuke of his people shall he take away
from 0-ff all the earth: for the Lord hath
spoken it." By t'his is meant that he,
in his day, will swallow up death, and
through the power of his teachings and
through the power of his \Vord will
save the people from darkness and' ig-
norance, and thus they will be spiritually
saved from unbelief, doubt and sus-
picions. By saying, "The Lord God will
wipe away tears from off all fa.ces; and
the rebuke of his people shall he take
away from off all the people
referred to in this verse are the Jews.
The Jews were rejected by all nations
because of their disbelief and their de-
nial of Jesus Christ in his day; they
were humiliated, their kingdom was
taken out of their hands, and they fell
into a condition of despair; but God
promised them that he would bring
t'hem together again and would wipe
away all tears from their faces-. They
will believe in the Word of God, and
thus their hearts will be comforted
and consoled by the new teachings
of God, and they will no longer
be humiliated as they were before
this great day. The humiliation of
the Jews was caused by the fact
that they rejected Jesus Christ and that
they did not believe in him; but in this
great day, when they believe in the Mani-
festation of and through
his Vllords they believe in Jesus Christ,
then the shame will be taken away from
them. This prophecy concerning the
Jews is already fulfilled, even though we
are still in the first century of the rise
of this dispensation, inasmuch as up to
the present day thousands of the Jews
have believed in the Manifestation of
God, and by so doing they also believe in
Jesus Christ and in the other prophets,
and are teaching the Truth of God.
Ninth vers-e: "And it shall be said
in that day, Lo, this is our God; we have
Waited for him, and he will save us: this
is the Lord; we have waited for him,
we will be glad and rejoice in his sal-
vation." Ilnasmuch as the Jews are
awaiting the coming of the Messiah, of
the Lord, in order to be saved from the
humiliation into- which they fell because
of their denial of Jesus Christ, now we
find those of them, who have believed
in God, declaring that the Lord has come
and that they are saved.
The same kind of prophecies are given
in the books of the other prophets in the
Old Testament, but they do not give the
date of the coming of the Lord. The
only one in the Old Testament who
points to the exact appearance of the
Lord is Daniel, while the others prophesy
concerning the signs of the appearance
of the day of the Lord, and by all of
these prophecies is meant the coming of
the Lo-rd in the latter days. These
prophecies cannot refer to the coming of
Jesus Christ inasmuch as with his coming
the Jews were not saved. The prophecies
in the book of Daniel, which we are
going to interpret now, clearly point to
the date when the Lord should appear.
The book of Daniel is based on an his-
torical point of view, especially the sec-
ond chapter co-ncerning the dream of
Nebuchadnezza.r and the interpretation
made by Daniel which clearly indicates
the coming of the Lord in the latter days.
The first chapter of Daniel has no pro-
phecies. (Here Mirza Abul Fa-zl gave
a summary of this chapter.)
Now, the second chapter refers to the
dream and the other prophecies. The
second chapter begins with this, that
Nebuchadnezzar had a dream, andiwhen
he awoke, in order to get the interpre-
tation thereof, he sent for the wise men
to interpret the -dream for him. In that
day Babylon was the center of the east-

