STAR or THE 179
and irrigating? Is there any other
thought behind all these labors save
the gathering of crops? If the sheaves
are only green and verdant but having
no grains of wheat or barley the result
is not achieved. The aim has been not
the luxuriant verdancy of the field but
the richness of the harvest. I hope the
believers will do their utmost to crown
their lives with abundant harvest.
('Words- of Abdul-Baha from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, May 6, 191-1.)
Question: How can one understand
the object of his life'?
Abdul-Baha: There are two kinds
of understanding; objective and sub-
jective. To illustrate: thou seest this
glass, or this water and thou dost com-
prehend in an objective manner their
constituent parts. On the other hand,
thou canst not see love, intellect, hate,
anger, sorrow, b-ut thou dost recognize
them in a subjective way through their
signs and manifestations. The first is
material, the second is spiritual. The
first is outward, the second is intuitive.
I hope that thou mayst make great a.d-
vancement in the second kind of under-
standing. Turn thy face toward God,
and say:
God! Refresh and gladden my spir-
it! Purify my heart! Illumine n1y
powers! I lay all my afi'a-irs in thy
hand. Thou art my guide and my
refuge. I will not be sorrowful and
grieved any more. I will be a happy and
joyful being. God! I will Worry no
more. I will not let trouble harass me
any longer. I will not dwell on the un-
pleasant things of life. Thou art kinder
to me than myself. I dedicate myself
to thee, Lord!
("Tords of Abdul-Baha from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, May 9, 1914.)
Life, life--~let us have more life! Let
us have the life of the spirit, a life which
is a collective center of the beneficial
forces, a life of sympathy, of practical
co-operation, of celestial brotherhood.
Let our life be an emanation of the king-
dom of Christ. He came into this World
to minister and not to be ministered
unto. His greatest commandment was,
"But I. say unto you, love your enemies,
bless them that curse you, do good to
them that hate you, and pray for them
which despitefully use you, and perse-
cute you; that ye may be the children
of your Fatlier which is in heaven; for
he maketh his sun to rise on the evil and
on the good, and sendeth rain on the
just and on the unjust. For if ye love
them that love you, what reward have
ye"? Do not even the pub-licans the
same? And if ye salute your brethren
only, what do ye more than others'! Do
not even the publican so"! Be ye there-
fore perfect, even as your Father which
is in heaven is perfect!"
The Bahais must fulfill to the letter
the requirements of these holy princi-
ples. Every one of them must become
the embodiment of these lofty ideals. The
thoughts of preference must be banished
from the minds. In the sight of the
Heavenly Father all are equal. The
religion of God is for the equalization
of rights and not for the gradation of
classes and the distribution of privileges.
The religion of God is the leveller of all
social inequalities and the destroyer of
sacredotal distinctions. In the court of
the Almighty there are no offices or posi-
tions. Brotherhood'? Yes. Huinanityt
Yes. Spiritual fellowship'? Yes. Self-
sacrifice? Yes. Extinction of self"?
Yes. Class? N0. Preference'? No.
Titles"? No. Spiritual superiority? No.
Special privileges'? No.
In the religion of Baha'o'llah all are
servants and maid-servants, brothers and
sisters. As soon as one feels a little
better, a little superior to the rest he is
in a dangerous position, and unless he
casts away the seed of such an evil

