26 STAR OF
tecting staff of the heavenly Shepherd.
S-houlidst thou reflect with the insight
of reality, thou Wilt observe that these
antiquated and superaiinuated dogmas
have ever been the cause of massacre
and carnage amongst the nations and
peoples.
As this cycle is the cycle of sciences,
there must needs be new teachings, a new
revelation is required and a new life
is Wanted, The minds and hearts refute
the veracity of ancient opinions. New
ideals are called for an-d' new principles
are urgently demanded which may fill
the requirements of this age, be as the
THE WEST
spirit of this century and as the light
of this period.
Search, labor, investigate, Work and
show extraordinary effort, so that the
center of the light of Reality, like unto
the Witness of love, may become revealed
in the assemblages of mankind. Arise
thou with such heavenly power and such
divine confirmation as to move and stir
that great continent of India.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAs.
Copied from Mirza Ahmad Sohrab's
Diary Letter of July 7, 1914.
Extracts from Diary of
Dear friends: We have an old Bahai
by the name of "El Yahou." His for-
mer religion had been Jewish, and his
devotion to the beloved is unquestio-ned.
The other day he Went to the ho-use
wherein Abdul-Baha lives and started
to weep and cry near the door. The
members of the blessed family heard
the crying and Weeping of the man and
informed Abdul-Baha of it. He called
him in and consoled him, and to-id him
that in this day no one must cry for any
reason, nay rather We must be very hap-
py and contented with our lot, and know
of a certainty that the Lord of Hosts is
with us, ready to restore our health and
alleviate our burden. 1/'Ve must not let
anything disturb the balance of our
minds. Under all circumstances we must
control our feeling, and curb our incline>>
tions. 'Ne must fulfill our duty, attain
to the highest station of perfection, and
close our eyes to all imperfections. Then
Abdul-Baha took pen and paper and
Wrote for him the following holy tablet:
thou my kind. friend I It is my hope
that through the hestowals of the Blessed
Perfection thou mayest ever become as-
sisted and confirmed, happy and joyous;
that thou mayest not cry and lament, nay
rather thou mayest sing and chant. It
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
is said that the son of the glorious Friend
had a Wonderful melody and a sweet
voice. The Psalms of David are famous
and not lament-ation and mourning or
crying by day and night. Therefore be
thou happy and let the songs and an-
thems of joy be on thy lips."
Our El Yahou was back in the posses-
sion of a new happiness, a new inspira-
tion, a new serenity. 'We all felt his
joyful vibrations and watched delight-
edly his calm face. Then he drew his
book of poetry from -his pocket and sang
a stirring Bahai song with the energy
and zest of a youthful singer.
October 1, 1913.
Vllords of Abdul-Baha:
"The greatest proof of 
--may my life be a ransom to 
consists in the fact' that he was al-
ways manifest and evident under all con-
ditions and circumstances. He was
never concealed nor was he disguised for
one day. In Persia, in Bagdad, in Con-
stantinople, in Adrianople and in the
most great prison, ever
withstood the persecutions of the enemies
and kept his own ground in the face of
all the world. He never attempted to

