STAR OF THE WEST 23
instance, Daniel says: saw a lion in a
dream." By "lion" is intended a gov-
ernment, and by "sheep" was intended
the old Persian government. By the
word "kingdom," as reco-rded in Rev-
elatio-n and in the book of Daniel, is in-
tended a religion, and by a "beast" is
intended an government. In
this dream Daniel explains to the king
that from the days 0-f that king until the
day of the appearance of the kingdom
of God four great kingdoms will appear
on the earth, i. four great 
kingdoms. Since the day when the king
saw this dream and Daniel interpreted
it to him, until the -dawn of 
four great kingdoms appeared',
both in Chaldea and in Syria, and by
these four governments is meant four
religions. According to history, from
the day of Daniel until the appearance
of four kingdoms ap-
peared in Chaldea and Syria, in those
eastern lands. The religion held by
the p-eople in the time of Nebuchadnez-
zar was the Sabian religion and that re-
ligion prevailed throughout the world
among all nations except the Chinese and
the I-Iindoos. This religion was preva-
lent in the World until the day when
Chalde-a was subdued by Kirsh, the king
of Persia. Then this religion was crushed
by the appearance of the Christian relig-
ion which was furthered through the
instrumentality of Roman kings. Then
the kings of Persia came forth and
waged war with the Roman emperors
and then they subdued them and took
possession of their lands and Syria and
the Holy Landi. Even Chaldea was sub-
dued by the Persian kings, even this
land where Nebuchadnezzar had his
dream, Was subdued by the Persian
kings, and then the kings of Persia, who
were always in war with the Roman em-
perors, brought the religion of Zoroaster
and made it a prevalent religion in those
parts for four hundred years. After
four hundred years the Zoroastrian
religion was destroyed by the appearance
of Islam, the rise of Mohammed, when
the Zoroastrians were subdued by the
Islam armies. Islam was such a violent
religion that it destroyed' and ruined
most of the countries. This religion was
afterwards divided into two religions,
the Sunites, of Turkey, and the Shiites,
of Persia, b-ut both of them were Moham-
medan. The religion of Mohammed was
divided into two divisions--and then the
kingdom of God appeared in this day.
This heavenly stone, this stone which was
cut without hands, first destroyed the
toes made of clay, which refers to the re-
ligion of the Shiites.
Now I have told you about the dream
and have given you the history of the
kings who ruled in the lands of Chaldea
and Syria. Now we will read the words
of D-aniel, beginning with the thirty-
seventh verse of the second chapter of
Daniel, interpreting the dream of the
king. The thirty-eighth verse reads:
"And wheresoever the children of men
dwell, the beasts of the field and the
fowls of the heaven hath he given into
thine hand, and hath made thee ruler
over them all. Thou art this head of
gold." It is said! in this verse that all
the fowls of the heaven, and the beasts
of the field were given in the hands of
Nebuehadnezzar, while he was only the
king over Chaldea and he did not take
possession of Europe or Africa. By this
is meant the religion which was prevail-
ing in the day of Daniel the Sabian re-
ligion. It refers to his religion and not to
his material kingdom. Enoch was the
institut-or of Sabianism, and from the
time of Enoch until the time of Moses
all the people were under this religion.
Their religion was first foundled on unity
and in the worship -of God, but by and
by they began to think that by worship-
ping and praying to the stars they would
attain to glories. They used to bring
images of the stars and hang them in
their churches and worship them. This
religion was also prevalent in Europe
and they also had large temples built in
the name of Venus and the stars. Then
Christianity crushed out this religion.

