STAR OF THE WEST l9l
tained in man; knowledge and ignorance;
guidance and error; truth and falsehood;
generosity and avarice; valour and timid-
ity; inclination towards God and tend-
ency towards satan. Chastity and pur-
ity; corruption and vileness; economy
and avidity; good and evil; all are con-
tained in man.
(5) If the angelic side becomes more
powerful, and the divine power and
brightness surround man, then the second
birth takes place, and eternal life is
found at this point. Man becomes then
the noblest among creatures. On the other
hand, if sensuous qualities surround, and
if terrestrial darkness and sensuous pas-
sions predominate, if they meet in man
only the feelings, if they find him
a captive of evil qualities and fallen i11to
everlasting death, then such a man is the
basest and most abject among, all creat-
ures. In such a man, divine power does
not exist. An animal is not considered
unjust and evil because of its cruelty and
injustice, for it is not endowed, as is
man, with divine qualities; but if man
fa.lls into the same evil condition, it is
evident that he has permitted his ungod-
ly attributes to overcome the divine qual-
ities with which he was endowed. This
shows the baseness and meanness that
exist in human nature.
"Exert yourselves to guide some soul out of the
Whirlwind of mortality to the fountain
head of immortality"
Words of Baha'o'llah
DECLARE by The Greatest Name, it is a pity that in these days anyone should
I look to unimportant conditions! Stand in the command of God, and
deal with each other with the utmost love. Sincerely, for the sake of the Be-
loved, consume selfish veils with the fire of oneness, and consort with each other
with cheerful, shining faces. Ye all saw the manners of the True One with your
own eyes. He has never wished that any night should pass while a single one of
the beloved of God was offended with this youth!
The heart of the world is ablaze with the divine World! It is a pity that ye
should not be enkindled with this fire! God willing, we hope ye will appoint this
night as the "Night of Unity" and all become united with each other, and be
adorned with the garment of excellent, praiseworthy qualities; and that ye will
exert yourselves to guide some soul out of the whirlpool of mortality to the foun-
tain head of immortality, a.nd amongst men conduct yourselves in such a manner
that the signs of the True One may become manifest in you. For ye are the first
of worshippers, the first of adorers, and the first of those who revolve around the
True One!
By the One who gave me utterance to that which he the King-
dom of Abha your names are better known than they are to your own selves! Do
not suppose that this statement is an imagination! that you could see that
which your Lord sees as to the loftiness of your rank, the greatness of your worth,
and the exaltation of your state! We beg of God that your desires may not pre-
vent you from that which has been ordained for you.
We ho-pe you will deal with each other in the utmost affinity, love and friend-
ship, in such wise that through your unity the banner of oneness shall be hoisted
and that of infidelity reversed, and that you will precede each other in good works
and good will. I-Iis is command and creation. He doeth that which he willeth
and commandeth that which he desireth! Verily, he is the powerful, the potent.

