STAR OF THE 119
the favors of God, and in every form of
these infinite electrons it has had its per-
fections or virtue. This, I hope, is evi-
dent and clear to you. This flower once
upon a time was the soil; the animal eats
it; it ascends to the animal kingdom.
Man eats the body of the animal and
there you have the ascension into the
human kingdom, because all phenomena
are the eaters-and the eaten. This breath
we respire is it not true that there are
many thousands of infinitesimal microbes
in it, each one of these microbes going
into the constitution of our body? And
this will show you that the lower forms
of life can be transmuted into the higher
realms of existence. Therefore, every
primordial atom of these atoms, single
and indivisibly, has had its coursings
throughout all sentient creations, going
constantly into the make-up and aggre-
gation of elements. Thus you have the
conservation of energy and the infinitude
of phenomena, the indestructibility of
phenomena, changeless and immutable
because life cannot become annihilated.
The utmost is this; that the form, the
outward image, throughout these changes
and transformations is dissolved. The
realities of all phenomena are immutable
and unchangeable. Extinction or mor-
tality is nothing but the transformation
of pictures and images but the reality
back of these images is eternal.
Every reality of the realities of life
is one of the bounties of God. Some peo-
ple believe that the divinity of God had
1 beginning. Therefore with this pri11-
ziple they have limited the downpour of
the bounties of God. For example, they
think that there was a time when man
iid not live, and that there will be a
zime in the future when the race of man
will be destroyed, that there was a time
when this globe didnot exist. Such a
;heory circumscribes the power of God,
ior how can we understand the divinity
)f God but through the manifestation
)f his qualities"! How can we under-
itand the fire? Through its physical
heat, through its flame. Were not heat
and flajme in this fire, naturally we could
not say that the fire existed. The il-
lumination of the lamp is through elec-
trical energy and if we believe that there
was a time in this World when this elec-
trical energy was not in existence, then
that is equal to the statement that there
was no life at all. Or, take another ex-
ample, the sun; let us say that there was
a time when the sun was not endowed
with rays and heat. That is equal to
saying that there was no sun, because the
very existence of the sun is demonstrated
through its heat and rays. If there was
a time when God did not manifest his
qualities, then there was no God, be-
cause the attributes of God presuppose
the creation of phenomena. For exam-
ple, we say God is the creator. A creator
must of necessity create. We say God is
the provider. The provider must have
someone to provide for. 'We say God is
omniscient. Then omniscient knowledge
is the consequence of omniscience. There-
fore, as long as God has been. God there
has been creation, there have been the
creatures. God has no beginning and his
creation has no ending, for the bestowal
of God is never failing. The effulgence
of God cannot be suspended. The sover-
eignty of God cannot be interrupted. If
we conceive a. beginning for the universe
of creation then We have conceived for
the dominion and sovereignty of God a
beginning which is a. false theory. In
reality his sovereignty is without begin-
ning and without ending. Can we ever
dream or conceive of a king without sub-
jects, without an army, without a. king-
dom"? Is it possible? No. A king is
in need of a. kingdom; he is in need of
an army; a king is in need of wealth.
Now as long as the kingdom of God, the
sovereignty of God, is eternal, the crea-
tion of this universe throughout eternity
is presuppose-d.
"Then We look at the reality of the
subject we will see that the bounties of
God are infinite, without beginning and
(Continued on page 124)

