118 STAR OF
l1is intellectual power transcends this
law of nature, discovers the science of
aviation a11d flies in the air like a bird.
He becomes like a fish and goes to the
very depths of the seas. He builds a
great fleet and sails over the seas. It is,
therefore, an indubitable fact that man
is able to transcend the laws of nature;
this intellectual reality of man conquers
nature. Throughit man is enabled to
make a fruitless tree fruitful. He trans-
forms the wild Woods into fruitful or-
chards. He changes the plains of this-
tles and t'horns into lovely meadows and
rose gardens. Then there is the electri-
cal energy which breaks the very moun-
tains. Man through the application of
intellectual force takes this electrical en-
ergy and makes it a captive within the
incandescent lamp. According to the
postulate of nature his voice is a free
activity. Man takes it and makes it a
prisoner within a phonograph.
Man through this power is enabled again
to communicate with the east and the
west within a few minutes. Through
this intellectual power while he is in
Europe he is able to discover America.
This is an extraordinary power! He
may live all his life in the east and yet
through this power may organize great
affairs in the West. All these sciences
that We enjoy were the hidden and
recondite mysteries of nature but man
was enabled to discover these mysteries
and out of the plane of the unseen he
brought them into the world of the seen.
All the artistic accomplishments and un-
dertakings which we have today were
once the secrets of nature; man discov-
ered them and brought them to the plane
of visibility. In short, the exploration
of the secrets of nature seem to be very
numerous. Therefore the citation of
these facts will demonstrate to you that
man is superior to nature. He is, in
fact, its governor, although his physical
reality is a captive of nature. It is then
self-evident that in man there exists an
intellectual reality which is superior to
his physical reality.
THE WEST
There is, however, a third reality in
man, that is the spiritual reality.
Through that medium come spiritual
revelations. This is a celestial power
which is infinite as regards the intellect-
ual as well as the physical realms. This
power is conferred upon man through
the breath of the Holy Spirit. It is an
eternal re-ality, an indestructible reality,
a reality which belongs to the divine
kingdom. This celestial reality, or the
third reality, delivers man from the ma-
terial world. It is the power which en-
ables man to escape from the world of
nature.
This is proven from scientific as well
as spiritual evidence. When we ponder
and look over phenomena we observe that
all have their origin in a single element.
This single atomic element travels and
has its coursings through all grades of
existence. I wish you to ponder over
this carefully. This single element has
been in the realm of the mineral king-
dom. Vllhile staying in the mineral king-
dom it has had its coursings and trans-
formations through myriads of images
and forms. Having completed its trav-
ellings through the mineral kingdom it
has ascended to the vegetable kingdom
and in this kingdom it has had again its
travellings and transformations through
myriads of images; sometimes it has been
a grain, again _it was in the form of a
leaf, anon it was a flower or an animal,
a tree, or a blossom! Then it attains
to the stage of fruition and is a fruit.
This single primordial element has had
its transformations through these infin-
ite forms and images. Again in the hu-
man kingdom its has its transferences and
coursings through multitudes of forms.
In short, this reality or this single
primordial atom has had its numerous
travellings through every stage of life
and in every stage or form it was en-
dowed with a special and peculiar virtue.
Therefore the great and divine philoso-
phers have had an epigram as follows:
"All things are involved in all things."
Every single phenomenon has enjoyed

