STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEVVS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-clasp April 9, 1911, at the post orfiice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act oi March 3, 1879.
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add suecient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEVVS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
than Star Of the H3 15 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst_thou continue to rernain_ firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
Become the Star of the East and shalt spread Ill every country and clirne. Thou art the first paper of the
ahais wluch IS organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ IS small and thy volce weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakahle, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the_ leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers become after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena Will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide-and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Asnss.
on 1; 72 (March N?;f19
Tablets from Abdul-Baha on Immortal Life
"His spirit flew from this world"
To the maid-servant of God, Miss Mac-
Cutcheon~--Upo-n her be greeting and
praise!
Thy letter was received. On account
of t-he death of thy father and brot-her
the utmost sorrow and regret was pro-
duced. Hovv unfortunate it i-s that that
young man was killed. instantly by the
sudden shock! But his spirit flew from
this World into the world beyond and the
spirit of thy father soared toward the
heavenly realm. Be thou not sad or un-
happy for these two heavenly birds flew
toward the rose-glarden of eternity and
"She is not counted
To Mrs. A. E. her soul
be happy!
thou afiflicted one!
In this great catastrophy* the eyes
are Weeping and the hearts are burning,
because that inco-mparable plant was
growing and developing with infinite joy
and fragrance in the garden of the love
of God. She was stirred into cheerful-
ness by the Wafting of the breeze of
*Refers to the death of her daughter,
Harriet Magee.
attained to the infinite immensity of the
Kingdom. Although those two lamps
were extinguished in the glass
yet they became the enkindled lamps in
the everlasting lamp of the Kingdom.
At this moment they are in the utmost
state of joy and happiness and so they
shall be throughout all eternity. Conse-
quently do thon not grieve nor be thou
dispirited,
Convey my longing greeting to all the
friends of God.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
amongst the dead"
providence; day by day she was progress-
ing, and she was at all times the cause
of the consolation of the hearts of the
friends. I will never forgot. her, for she
was one of the most import-ant pe-rson-
ages. But it was destined that she might
become free from this material World,
the world of physical sufferings and
tribulations, and hasten to-Ward the heav-
enly universe, so that through the show-
ers of the cloud of grace she may obtain
the utmost freshness and infinite deli-

