STAR OF THE WEST 14-5
The Social Teachings oi the Bahai Movement
(Continued from page 139)
of all men, and above all, consider the
rights of others before your own."
SPECIFIC LAVVS.
The spiritual principle in the estab-
lishment of the Bahai regulations and
economic laws is the exaltation of work.
"It is incumbent on every one to en-
gage in some one occupation, such as
arts, crafts, trades and the like. This,
the occupation, is identic-al With the Wor-
ship of God. Vllaste no time in idleness
and indolence, but occupy yourselves
with that which will profit yourselves
and others beside yourself. The most
despised of men before God is he who
sits and begs. Every soul who is occu-
pied in an art or trade, this will be ac-
counted an act of worship before God."
Bans 'o .
Thus the acquisition of Wealth is not
a sin, pro-vided it is not accumulated at
the expense and deprivation of another,
for, "riches earned by personal eifort
with divine assistance, in various trades,
agriculture and the arts, and ad-
ministered, are justly deserving of praise,
forasmuch as if a Wise and discerning
man acquires them, they become a ready
means of benefit to the state." Poverty
must be eliminated and the surplus
Wealth devoted to the establishment of
schools and colleges, in the propagation
of science and for the public benefit, but
man is warned by "Be
not engrossed with this world, for with
fire we test the gold, and with gold we
try the servants."
The prevention of monopoly in the
control of wealth is one o-f the most vital
questions of social philosophy and the
distribution of the vast fortunes has been
theorized upon from many angles. The
method presented by is
both direct and simple. It is based on
the distribution of estates into the fol-
lowing seven divisions:

Children.
. Husband or Wife.
. Fathers.
Mothers.
. Brothers.
. Sisters.
. Teachers.
If anyone dies Without heirs, the House
of Justice has the right to the legacy in
order to spend it for the good of the
commonwealth.
If one dies Without any heirs except-
ing children, tW0-thirds goes to them and
one-third to the House of Justice. If
there is no one to inherit the property
and there are other relatives such as
nephews or nieces, two-thirds goes :0
15114-l'11'1; 0171"191'Wise the two-thirds will go
to the uncles and aunts (fathers and
mothers, brothers and sisters) and after
them to their sons and daughters; and
the other one-third to- the House of Jus-
tice. If one dies While his father is still
alive, and he has children, tl1e- children
Will inherit What was allotted to their
father. In the case of children who
are under years or incapable of man-
aging their affairs, their legacy should
be put into the hands of a trustee or the
"House of Partnership" to be invested
until their maturity, the trustee receiv-
ing part of the acquired profits as his
compensation, after deducting the por-
tion for God's Work, debts of the deceased
if any, and funeral eXpenses--~with honor
and deference.
Thus a very clear method is given for
preventing of the handing down of vast
fortunes in one family from generation
to generation, the evils of which are
very manifest, and the results of which
will be the abolition of monopoly and
more equal distribution. Attention may
be called to the fact that teachers, always
underpaid, are especially provided for in
this arrangement.
Closely allied to this question is the

