STAR OF THE WEST 71
Many a time man makes his mind up
positively about a thing; for instance,
he makes up his mind and det'ermines to
undertake a journey. Then he begins
to think, that is, he consults his inner
reality, and finally concludes that he will
give up his journey. NVhy is it? How
is it he gave up his original. purpose?
Thus it is evident that there is a reality
in him and he consult's that reality, and
that reality expresses to him the harm
which such a journey would cause.
Therefore the man minds that reality
and gives up the plan of the journey.
Furthermore, in the world of dreams
man sees things. He travels in the east,
he travels in the West, although his body
is stationary. His body is here, yet it is
that reality in him which makes the
journey to the west While the body sleeps.
There is no doubt that a reality is there
ot'her than the outward, physical reality.
For instance, a person is dead, is buried
in the ground. Vile see him in the World
of dreams, we speak with him. \Vhile
that person 's body is interred in the
ground, who then is the person whom
you see in your dreams, talk to, and who
also speaks to you? Therefore, this
again proves that there is another
reality, diiferent from this physical
one which dies and is buried. Thus
it is evident that in man there is a real-
ity other than this physical one which
is not this body. For instance, the body
becomes weak, but that reality is in it's
normal state of existence. This body
becomes strengthened, but that reality in
man is in its normal state, unchangeable.
For instance, the body of man may lose
one arm, but the reality of man, which
is not visible, loses nothing and is in its
own normal state. This body goes to
sleep, becomes as one dead, but that real-
ity in that body which is asleep is moving
about, is comprehending things, is ex-
pressing them, is discovering the realities
of things.
Consequently, it is known that in man
there is a. reality other than this material
one which is called body, and that realit'y
which is other than this physical one is
called the heavenly body of man; and
We call that body the ethereal form which
corresponds to this body. It is that real-
ity which discovers the inner meaning of
things; otherwise, this body of man does
not discover anything. That reality
grasps the mysteries of existence. It
discovers scientific facts. It discovers
technical points. It discovers electric-
ity, telegraphy, the telephone, and so
on, discovering all the yet the
reality which makes all these discoveries
is other than this body, for, Were it this
body, then the animal would likewise be
able to make these scientific and Wonder-
ful discoveries, for the animal shares
with man all physical limitations and
physical powers. What then is that pow-
er which discovers the realities of things,
which is not to be found in the animal?
There is no doubt that it is the inner
reality of things; and that reality com-
prehends all things, throws light upon
the inner mysteries of existence, discov-
ers the Kingdom, grasps the mysteries
of God, and distinguishes man from the
brute. That reality penetrates the inner
core of beings; and it is evident that man
is endowed with that reality and there
is no doubt therein.
This human reality stands between
two grades, between the World of the ani-
mal a.nd the World of Divinity. "Tore
the animal in man to become predomi-
nant, man would become even lower than
the brute. Were the heavenly powers
in man to become predominant, man
would become the most superior being in
the world of existence. For instance,
consider in man there is rancor, in man
there is struggle for existence; in the
nature of man there is propensity for
warfare; innate in man there is love of
self; in him there is jealousy, and so on
with all the other imperfections and thus,
i11 a word, all the imperfections found
in the animal are to be found in man.
For instance, in the animal there is fer-
(Continucd on page 74-)

