STAR OF THE 43
gling to keep their heads above the seeth-
ing wa.ter all around them which, unless
calmed down, will drown all of them,
irrespective of any nationality.
"Once a person met his friend in the
street and after the exchange of cour-
tesies gave him a hard blow in the face.
"Why dost thou do this?' 'Hast thou
not read in the Gospel wherein Christ
says, "Whosoever shall smite thee on
thy right cheek turn to him the other
also?" Now according to -this admoni-
tion let me smite thee on thy left cheek
also.' The man submitted to the second
blow quite willingly and they parted.
Next day they met each other again and
the man received two more blows on his
cheeks without any evident murmur.
They met the third day and he was going
to inflict upon him the same blows.
'Wait a minute, my friend. I am not the
only person in the world to live accord-
ing to the teachings of Christ. Tliou
also art one. I have obeyed him two
days and the next two days will be my
turn.' With these words he smote the
man on his cheek and asked him to turn
the other side also-.
"Now the question of disarmament
must be put into 'practice by all the na-
tions and not only by one or. two. Con-
sequently the advocates of peace must
strive day and night so that the individ-
uals of every become peace-
loving, public opinion may gain a strong
and permanent' footing, and day by day
the army of international peace be in-
creased, complete disarmament be real-
ized and the flag of universal conciliation
be waving on the summit of the moun-
tains of the earth."
"How can Universal Peace be real-
ized?"
Abdul-B-aha answered: "The ideals of
peace must be nurtured and spread
amongst the inhabitants of the world;
they must be instructed in the school of
peace, so that they may fully compre-
hend the benefits of peace and -the evils
of war. First: the financiers and bank-
ers must desist from lending money to
any government that contemplates wag-
ing an unjust war upon an inno-cent na-
tion. Second: the presidents and man-
agers of the railroad and steamship com-
panies must refrain from transporting
war munitions, infernal engines and
guns and cannons and powder from one
country into another. Third: the sol-
diers must petition through their repre-
sentatives, the ministers of war, the poli-
ticians, the congressmen and the generals
to put forth in a clear, intelligible lan-
guage the reasons and the causes which
have brought them to the brink of 'such a
national calamity. The soldiers must de-
this as one of their prerogatives.
'Demonstrate to us,' they must say,
'that this is a just war and we will
then enter the battlefield; otherwise we
will not take one step. ye kings and
rulers, politicians and war-mongers; ye
who spend your lives in most exquis-
ite palaces of Italian architecture; ye
who sleep in airy, well-ventilated apart-
ments; ye who decorate your reception
and dining halls with lovely pictures,
sculptures, hangings and frescoes; ye
who walk in perfect Elysiums, wreathed
in orange and groves, the air
redolent with delicious perfumes and
vocal with the sweet songs of a thous-
and birds, the earth like a luxur-
iant carpet of emerald grass, bright
flowers dotting the meadows and trees
clothed in verdure; ye who are dressed
in costly silk and finely-woven textures;
ye who lie down on soft feathery couches;
ye who partake of the most delicious and
savory dishes; ye who enjoy the utmost
ease and comfort in your wondrous man-
sions; ye who attend rare musical con-
certs whenever you feel a little discon-
certed and sad; ye who adorn your large
halls with green festoons and cut flow-
ers, fresh garlands, and verdant wreaths,
illuminating them with thousands of
electric lights, while the exquisite fra-
grance of the flowers, the soft, ravishing
music, the fairy-like illumination lend
enehantment ye who are in such envir-
(Continued on page 48)

