STAR or THE WEST 91
TABLET TO THE CENTRAL STATES
To the friends of God and the maid-
servants of the Merciful in the Cen-
tral States:
ye heavenly souls, ye spiritual as-
semblies, ye lordly meetings!
For some time past correspondence
has been delayed, and this has been on
account of the difficulty of mailing and
receiving letters. But because at pres-
ent a number of facilities are obtainable,
therefore, I am engaged in writing you
this brief epistle so that my heart and
soul may obtain joy and fragrance
through the remembrance of the friends.
Continually this wanderer supplicates
and entreats at the threshold of his
holiness the One and begs assistance,
bounty and heavenly confirmations
in behalf o-f the 'believers. You are
always in my thought. You are no-t
nor shall you ever be forgotten. I hope
by the favors of his holiness the Al-
mighty that day by day you may add
to your faith, assurance, firmness and
steadfastness, and become instruments
for the promotion of the holy fragrances.
In the great book, the divine Koran, God,
addressing his messenger, his holiness
Mohammed (upon him be greeting and
praise!) says": "Verily thou dost guide
the people to the straight path." In
other words: Thou dost show mankind
the direct road. Consider how guidance
is a matter of infinite importance; for
it points to the loftiness of the station
of his holiness the Messenger.
Although in the states of Illinois, 'Wis-
consin, Ohio, Michigan and' Minnesota--
praise be to God--believers are found,
are associating with each other in the
utmost firmness and steadfastness--day
and night they have no other intention
save the diffusion of the fragrances of
God, they have no other hope except
the promotion of the heavenly teachings,
like the candles they are burning with
the light of the love of God, and like
thankful birds are singing songs, spirit-
imparting, joy-creating, in the rose gar-
den of the knowledge of in
the states of Indiana, Iowa, Missouri,
North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska
and Kansas few of the believers exist.
So far the summons of the Kingdom
of God and the proclamation of the one-
ness of the world of humanity has not
been made in these states systematically
and enthusiastically. Blessed souls and
detached teachers have not traveled
through these parts repeatedly; there-
fore these states are still in a state of
heedlessness. Through the effort of the
friends of God souls must be likewise
enkindledf, in these states, with the fire
of the love of God and attracted to the
Kingdom of God, so that section may
also become illumined and the soul-im-
parting breeze of the rose garden of the
Kingdom may perfume the nostrils of
the inhabitants. Therefore, if it is pos-
sible, send to those parts teachers who
are severed from all else save God, sanc-
tified and pure. If these teachers be in
the utmost state of attraction, in a short
time great results will be forthcoming.
The sons and' daughters of the kingdom
are like unto the real farmers. Through
whichever state or country they pass
they display self-sacrifice and sow divine
seeds. From that seed harvests are pro-
duced. On this subject it is revealed
in the glorious Gospel: Wlien the pure
seeds are scattered in the good ground
heavenly blessing and benediction is ob-
tained. I hope that you may become as-
sisted and confirmed, and never lose
courage in the promotion of the divine
teachingsyour effort, exertion and 1nagnanim-
ity.
Upon ye be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Aseas.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
at Haifa, Syria, April 26, 1916.
Original addressed to Dr. Zia Bagdadi,
Chicago, Ill., c-are . I-I. Hannen, Wash-
ington, D. C. Received August 19, 1916.

