 or THE 31
A. B. (smiling). "lNhy impossible?
Did not Elijah go to heaven, and did
not Christ ascend to heaven after his
crucifixion and burial?"
I-I. S. (puzzled). am neither Eli-
jah nor Christ-. I have not two wings to
fly with. It seems to me there must
needs be a pair of wings."
A. B. "Everything is possible. Christ
says: 'Be ye therefore perfect even as
your Father which is in heaven is per-
fect.' Thou canst have the pair of wings.
One is the love of God and the other is
renunciation of anght else save him."
S. "Then you do not mean this
phenomenal heaven 
A. B. mean the heaven from which
Christ descended and to which he as-
cended--t-he heaven of the divine Will,
the heaven of spirituality."
H. S. "How can one ascend to that
heaven"? Is it not most 
A. B. "It is no more difficult than
touring the world On foot. When the
spirit of the teachings of Christ takes
possession of the heart and suffers man
to become a servant of the world of hu-
nianity, then it will be very easy for
him to ascend to heaven."
H. S. "But in this age the Christians
have forgotten the commandments of
Christi"
A. B. "What hast thou to do with
others"? Live thou according to the
teachings of Christ."
H. S. "You are right. I will do my
best."
A. B. "Who1n dost thou think Christ
was?"
H. S. believe he was a great phil-
osopher."
A. B. "Oh, no! He was much greater
than a philosopher. He was the WVord of
God, the Spirit of God."
H. S. "\Vhew! There are many schol-
ars in Europe Who do not believe that
there was ever such a person as Christ.
On the other hand there is an increas-
ing host of people whose faith in Chris-
tianity is shaken because the ministers
of the Gospel do not live in accord with
t'he behests of their Master. They have
become worldlings wrapped up in tradi-
tions and dogmas. Vilhen I was in Jeru-
salem, I o-b-served that the Christians
have divided the Church of the Resurrec-
tion into many sections, like a bazaar,
and they are always engaged in acrimoni-
ous controversies and factional fights,
while they claim Christ brought peace
and salvation. Where can one find peace,
and how can one be saved? Through
their religious hatred for each other they
have shut the door of salvation."
A. B. "Vi/Tliat thou sayest is true. But
we are not looking at the present con-
ditions. Let us look at the glorious life
of Christ and those sanctified souls who
came after him. Did they not embody
in their deeds the ideals of their words?
There have appeared many philosophers
in the World', but they are all forgotten.
But because Christ was the Spirit and
the \lVord of God, he and his disciples
through him, became the fountains of
the water of life. Now I hope that like
unto them thou wilt be the means of the
illumination of the world of humanity
and serve God."
H. S. "Serve God? There is no one
in this World who can serve God, because
we are not able to see Him. He is above
our human ken. In my mind the only
Way We can serve Him is to serve man-
kind and try to alleviate the sorrows
and sufferings of the people."
A. B. "Christ served God and his
apostles served God. Their service was
to humanity, which was a reflection of
their service to God."
H. S. "What are you doing??"
A. B. a.m serving God. I am the
servant of God. I give sight to the blind,
hearing to the deaf, the power of speech
to the mute, and knowledge to the ignor-
ant. I raise the dead, deliver those
who are in darkness and guide them into
the realm of light. I make the poor
rich, and the weak powerful. I satisfy
the hungry ones with the Bread of Life
and allay the thirst of the thirsty ones

