138 STAR OF
is censured, and in both stupidity is hate-
ful. In reality, looked at with the 
o-f truth, the education and instruction
of the girls is more useful than that of
the boys; for in time these girls Will be-
come mothers and will have children.
The first educator of the child, is she not
the mother'? Children are like green and
tender branches; as they are cultivated,
they grow and increase. If the cultiva-
tion is right, they grow straight, and if
it is Wrong they grow crookedly, and
until the end of their lives they advance
upon the same path. It is thus proved
that if girls Without education or in-
struction become mothers, it is they who
are the ca-use of this loss, the ignorance,
the stupidity, the want of education of
many children. Strive then with all your
souls to train and educate all children,
above all your daughters. On this point
no excuses can be accepted." "In the
divine book of this cycle, instruction and
education are not optional, they are ob-
ligatory. He educates his child or
any other 's children, it is as though he
educated one of my children."
Abdul-Baha has declared: "If Women
were educated with the same advantages
as men, their capacity is the same and
the result Would be the same; in fa-ct
women have a superior disposition to
men, they are more receptive, more sen-
sitive, their intuition is more intense.
The only reason for their present back-
Wardness in some directions is that they
have not had the same educational ad-
vantages as men. If a mother is Well
educated, her children will also be Well
taught. If the mother is Wise, the chil-
dren will be Wise; if the mother is re-
ligious, the children Will also be re-
ligious. If the mother is a good Woman,
then the children Will also be good. The
future generation depends then on the
mothers of today. Is not this a vital
responsibility for Women? Surely God
does not Wish such an important in-
strument as Woman to be less perfect
than she is able to become! Divine
justice demands that men and women
THE WEST
should have equal rights; there is no dif-
ference between them, neither sex is su-
perior to the other in the sight of God."
"The dissemination of high thoughts
is the motive power in the arteries of
this transitory World; yea, it is the soul
of all peoples. Thoughts are infinite as
the sea and the ways and manners of
life are like embankments and dykes
against the Waves; and not until the sea
moves do the Waves rise up and cast on
shore the pearls of wisdom." (M. F. p.
228)
"It is most clear and manifest that
the national affairs will never revolve
around their pro-per axis until the Whole
people have received instruction, and
public thought has been directed to a
single end."
THE HOUSE OF JUSTICE
"Two things are most urgently neces-
sary to the political realm:
1. The Legislative Power.
2. The Executive Power.
The center of the executive power is the
government, and the legislative power
lies in the hands of thoughtful and Wise
men. On the other hand, if these strong
pillars and firm foundations are not
complete and comprehensive, how can it
be supposed that there Will be safety and
salvation for the nation? But as, in
these latter days, such excellency is rare,
the government and the whole body of
the nation are in sore need of just and
discerning directions. Thus it is of the
utmost importance to establish an assem-
bly of learned men, Who, being profi-
cient in the different sciences and capable
of dealing with all the present and fu-
ture requirements Will settle the ques-
tions in accordance with forbearance and
firmness."
After pointing out the necessity for
the establishment of "Councils" and
"Deliberative Assemblies" as the solid
basis of politics, Abdul-Baha lays down
certain rules that will make these organi-
zations permanent. The

