STAR OF THE WEST l43
the attributes of God, and to be good.
Their hearts and minds must be prepared
to receive the truth as soon as they are
old enough to be taught 
children should not be taught facts and
details which they may not speak of
openly to their fellows and companions.
"But they must on no account allow
than children to cZrz'a-k than-e or alcohol-in
Abdul-Baha spoke of the Druses
who never drank Wine or smoked, and
in consequence of this, many diseases
were quite unknown to them."
Excerpt from of Miran Ahmad
Sohrcb, June 16, 1914.
"Think of God, and let thy thought be
of God, and let thy brother be trained
according to the highest moral standard.
In the tende-rest years of their youth the
pure liearts of boys and girls must be
illumined with the light of love of God.
Then when they grow up, most astonish-
ing results will be produced, because the
maps of their whole lives would be drawn
with the hand of the spiritual Educator.
A Bahai child must be trained accord-
ing to the moral precepts of 
LLAH, he must be taught daily of the
love of G-od: the history of the Move-
ment must be read to him, the love of
humanity must be inculcatcd into every
fibre of his being and the universal prin-
ciples be explained to him in as easy a
manner as possible to be devised. Then
the power of great faith take pos-
session of his heart. But if these su-
preme precantions are not taken in the
earliest stages of the child"s growth, it
will be most to curb later on
his growing manifold appetites. For
then he will live according to the re-
quirements of the world of nature and
uncontrolled self. Once the lower and
sensual habits of nature take hold of
him, it will be very hard to reform him
by any human agencies. Hence children
must be brought under the control of the
love of God and spiritual influence from
their earliest youth. The lower appetites
of nature are like kings over men, one
must defeat their forces, otherwise he
will be defeated by them."

Excerpt from Diary of Miran Ahmad
Sch-rah, September 2, 1913.
As though preordained, the subject
of his (Abdul-Baha/s) informal talk was
on education, and the duty of the mothers
toward their children, a most appro-
priate message to go out to the World of
motherhood 
"The fathers, and especially the
mothers, must always think how they can
best educate their children, not how to
fondle and embrace them and thus spoil
them. By every means at their disposal
they must inculcate into their growing
bodies, souls, minds and spirits, the prin-
ciples of sincerity, love, trustfulness,
obedience, true democracy, and kindness
toward all the races, thus hereafter the
world of civilization may flow in one
mighty current and the children of the
next generation may make secure the
foundations of human solidarity and
goodwill. From the tenderest childhood
the children must be taught by their
mothers the love of God and the love
of the love of the human-
ity of Asia, or the humanity of Europe,
or the humanity of America, but the
of humankind.
"There are some mothers who have
a strange, inexplicable love for their chil-
dren. One may call it' the inversion of
love, or, as we call it in Persia, 'Bearish
love.' This kind of love does more in-
jury to the child than good. "When I was
in Acca, during the life of the Blessed
Perfection, he intrustcd the son of
one of the believers to a German carpen-
ter. After a month, his mother Went to
B.irm'o'nLiaH and lamented and be-
moaned, saying: Want my son, be-
cause he is unhappy with this carpenter,
for he curses his religion.' 
LLAH told her, 'Go to Aga (the Mas-
ter) and act according to Wha.te'ver he

