16 STAR OF THE WEST
get for thousands of arrows in love for
humanity. Through his endeavor the
Word of is spread broad-
cast in the World and the voice of the
Lo-rd's Manifestation has reached all na-
tions and communit.ies. The Words of
Abdul-Baha impart the spirit of life and
develop the barren soil of hearts into
a delectable paradise of faith and knowl-
edge.
my brothers, sisters and spiritual
friends: The day is yours. Avail your-
selves of the opportunity and exert your-
selves to spread the spirit of love and
peace among your fellow creatures, and
assist the Cause of your Lord with the
hosts of harmony. A Glorious Sun is
shining and the vernal shower is pour-
ing. The breeze of God is wafting by
and the Ocean of Divine Bounty is roll-
ing. The Ark of Deliverance is sailing
upon the Sea of Truth and thousands
are reaching the cheerful haven of as-
surance. This is a day which was longed
for by the holy souls and chosen ones in
former cycles, and thousands of kings
and queens died in expectation of its ap-
pearance. The same Word which be-
came incarnate thirty-five hundred years
ago and quiekened the mouldering bones
of the Israelites with the spirit of eternal
life, is again in this day manifest in the
temple of man, ready to fill the men of
capacity with the bounty of regeneration.
The same Sun which appeared nineteen
hundred years ago from the horizon of
the Man of Nazareth and made an hum-
ble fisherman the custodian of the Un-
seen Treasury, is again shining and illu-
minating the Whole World with the light
of salvation.
In order to thank God for His great
bounty, we must co-operate night and
day in union and harmony to raise the
tent of this Truth among mankind and
to plant the banner of Universal Peace
upon the summit of the contingent
world. We must east every enmity and
discord into the pit of oblivion and puri-
fy our hearts and souls from the least
trace of hatred or animosity. We must
see only good in our fellow men, and
withstand the hosts of denial with the
sword of indifierence and kindness. We
must beg of God to endow us with a dis-
cerning sight, so that we may see and
appreciate the greatness of this day, and
thank Him for having mentioned our
names in His Book. 'We must pray night
and daytto endure unto the end and be
protected from the shock of tests and
trials. Prayer is the wing whereby the
soul of man soars upward to the heaven
of nearness. I beg of God to overshad-
ow this great country and its inhabi-
tants under the tent of His mercy, and
to protect them from all that is eon-
trary to His good pleasure. I beg of
God to assist them through the angels
of His supreme kingdom and enable
them to transmit the light of the beauty
of El-Baha to all parts of the world.
God! God! Suffer us to live in
perfect peace and harmony, to turn our
hearts and souls unto the face of Abdul-
Baha, and to enjoy his presence in the
kingdom.
Grant that we may serve our fellow
men and remove discord and religious
fanaticism from among nations. We are
humble; confirm us with the power of
Thy Spirit. "We are weak; strengthen
us through Thy might, and protect us
against that which is contrary to Thy
good' pleasure. Quicken us with the spirit
of regeneration and deliver us from the
pitfall of superstition.
Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Pow-
erful, the Benefieent, the Source of Great
Bounty. Verily, Thou art the Clement,
the Merciful!
'Ne rely upon Thy beneficenee. and
trust in Abdul-Baha!
Blessed are those who are written in
the Lamb 's Book of Life.
The servant of Abdul-Baha,
(Signed) ALI KULI KHAN.
Read before the Bahai Assembly of West
Hoboken, N. ., September 28, 1902.

