STAR OF THE WEST 181
among creatures, On the other hand, if
sensuous qualities surround and it ter-
restial darkness and sensuous passions
predominate; if they meet in man only
the feelings, if they find him a
captive of evil qualities and fallen into
everlasting death, then such a man is
the ha-sest and most abject among all
creatures. In such a man divine power
does not exist. An animal is no-t consid-
ered unjust and evil because of its cru-
elty and injustice, for it is not endued,
as is man, with divine qualities. But if
man falls into the same evil condition it
is evident that he has permitted his un-
godly attributes to overcome the divine
qualities with which he was endowed.
This shows the baseness and meanness
that exist in human nature.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Table Talks
u*ith Ahclal--Balia; pp. 10-13.)
The nobility and glory of man con-
sist in the fa-ct that, amidst the beings,
he is the dawning-place of righteousness.
Can any greater blessing be imagined
by man than the consciousness that by
divine assistance the means of comfort,
peace and prosperity of the human race
are in his hands'?
No, there is no greater or more com-
plete pleasure or happiness than this.
How long then shall We seek our own
selfish desires, on the wings of egoismi'
Senses and inner faculties have been be-
stowed upon us that We may use them
for the good of mankind and that we
may become distinguished from the lower
nature of man by the solidity and just-
ness of our judgment and that we may
continually engage ourselves in well-
doing (pp. 9-10}.
How noble and excellent is man, if he
only attain to that state for which he
was designed. And how mean and con-
temptible, if he close his eyes to the
public weal, and spend his precious c'a-
pacities on personal and selfish ends.
The greatest happiness lies in the hap-
piness ot others 11).
He who remaineth idle and indifferent
and continueth in his egoism, indulging
constantly his carnal appetites descend-
eth to the lowest ab-yss of degradation
and ignorance, lower is he than the
most dangerous of savage beasts. For it
is written, "These indeed are Worse
than brutes; and meaner than cattle in
the sight of God are the deaf and dumb
who will not understand" ll).
They have not yet understood that the
greatest glory of man, the universal
happiness of the world, consists in the
joy of soul, high ambition, good inten-
tions, virtue and chastity 44).
Unhappily they imagine that great-
ness and glory follow on the accumula-
tion of riches and similar vani-
ties. Now clearly consider! If a man
gives a thought he will see that the om-
nipotent God has distinguished him
from amongst his creatures by the dress
of honor, of virtue and intelligence.
. . . Man has become the spring of
divine Wonders and the center of the
n;ysteries of the heavenly Kingdom.
Now Why should he pollute this pure
mantle With the stain of selfish desires
and exchange this eternal honor for the
lowest depths of baseness? "Dost thou
think thy body a small thing, vvhile in
thee is enfolded the great universe?"
(pp. 44-46).
By the details Which W6 have already
explained We have endeavored to show
that the glory, happiness, honor and
peace of man do not consist in personal
Wealth but on the contrary in sublimity
of soul, nobility of resolution, extension
of education and in the solution of the
pioolem of life. . . . "verily in the
souls of man lieth their only glory" p.
52).
There is a great difference between
an authentic man and an imitator of one.

