STAR OF THE WEST Z9
3111 
Mrs. Lua Moore Getsinger
CABLEGRAM from Cairo,
A Egypt brings sad news. It states
that, "Lua. Getsinger died of
heart failure May first and was buried
at Cairo."
Mrs. Getsinger was one of the first
persons in America who realized that a
Great Light was shining again from the
horizon of the Holy Land. And for
many years she has been a brilliant voice
to proclaim the Glad Tidings.
She Was married to Dr. Getsinger in
1896 and they 'Were members of the first
party from America who visited Abdul-
Baha in Acca. Dr. Getsinger tells of how,
on this memorable visit. Abdul-Baha see-
ing, with his spiritual vision, Lua Getsin-
ger's capacity, stepped up to her and put
something in her mouth. A little later
he said to her: have given you the
power to speak and loosened your tongue.
'Lua' in Persian means 'Flag' and you
must be my flag and wave it in the East
and the 'West." Then the glorious serv-
ant of God gave an exhortation, as Dr.
Getsinger says: "into which he put
such spiritual force and emphasis that it
seemed as though the very walls tremb-led
and We were hardly able to stand on our
feet. Abdul-Baha was declaring that the
millennium had come and the Kingdom
of God was to be established on earth.
He wanted Lua thus to proclaim it every-
where in a loud voice."
This was the first of many visits she
made to the home of light at Acca. Long
and carefully did Abdul-Baha in his
great loving kindness tell her ho-w to teach
the Most Great Cause. She travelled far
and wide in her teaching. She was often
ill. In referring to one of these illnesses
her husband tells how Abdul-Baha said:
told the angel of death to stay a-Way."
Abdul-Baha entrusted to her many
missions of trust and responsibility. For
instance, when "Mozaffar-ed-Din Shah,
of Persia, visited Paris, Abdul-Baha sent
her with a petition asking the Shah to
stop the of Bahais in his
he promised to do."
Her last great mission was to India.
To further quote Dr. Getsinger:
"When Abdul-Baha desired further to
acquaint the Maharajah of alowar with
the Bahai teachings, he sent Lua. from
Bombay to this enlightened personage
who received her most graciously. He
had invited Abdul-Baha to breakfast with
him in London and is a staunch friend
of the Bahai cause. The Maharajah con-
tinued to exchange letters with Lua. In
all these journeys," as her husband says,
"she never spared herself. Time and
time again I have seen her in a state of
utter exhaustion yet she would pull her-
self together by sheer will power in order
to keep her appointments. To this
perhaps many friends can testify who
have had occasion to entertain her during
the past ten years. She knew but lit-
tle rest for Abdul-Baha had said: 'Day
and night thou must engage in spreading
the message. Nothing else will avail
thee.' She never lost sight of her Mas-
ter's business. \/Vhen once a complaint
was made of Lua to Abdul-Baha he
turned to the person who had made it
and with a benign smile, said: 'But she
loves her Lord.' She was generous to a
fault, depriving herself often that
others might have. She had a rare vital-
izing power in serving others. She spoke
with ease and brilliance and feared no
one in debate, Her gift from Abdul-
Baha made her confident and victorious."
She returned from her mission to India
in January, 1915, spent seven nionths
with Abdul-Baha's family at I-Iaifa and
there sailed in trying times on an Amer-
ican warship to Cairo. But much of the

