STAR OF THE WEST
command (which in reality includes all other commands) we will not fulfill his
desire that the whole of America even to the Arctic Circle shall be set ablaze
with the divine fire of the Most Great' Glad Tidings, and we cannot divide our
attention among a multitude of activities. This. new command should supersede
all former commands (except the Temple Work) for, surely it is the greatest
and the most inspiring' work he has yet given us to do. Considering what we
hope fo-r 1917 it is simply overwhelming in its possibilities! Those who can
give- money will joyfully do so, tho-se "pure and severed souls" who are free
to travel and teach will serve that way, and those who can do neither of these
things can remain at home and enthuse the others, and all can pray. In the
meantime many of us in all centers ca11 do an immense amount of local. work for
the opportunities right around us are increasing at an astonishing rate.
How marvelous is Abdul-Baha! He never asks us to do What is impossible
even though he does set -us so-me tasks worthy of our maturity.' I-Iow impossible
it would be for us to unite on every tiny point o-f detail in. any matter, but' he
gives us in this great day two big points upon which it is easy to unite. In
reality they are one. First he bids us "build the Temple." Noyv in his love
and wisdom and pity for our human limitations he sends us this new word, in
which he sl1o-ws- us: how to build the Temple! Dividing up the country into
sections is his plan. Let us embrace it quickly, joyfully. L-et us recreate our
own ideas anew to keep up with him! "This is the time!" Let this be our
watchword. Let us everyone engrave it on our hearts and run to meet the
descent of the heavenly confirmations just waiting to pour down upon our
obedient heads, the moment we all arise to answer his thrilling call!
Ella G. Cooper.
-litmus |s THE 
Letter from India
103
Gratie Azam Khan, Agra, India,
July 9, 1916.
My dear brother Latimer:
Thank you for yours of the 29th. The
glad tidings of the departure [death] of
Lua have been coming to me from vari-
ous quarters during the last week.
Blessed is her lot. You perhaps know that
she bestowed her blessing upon my mar-
riage, and I consider that as she was in
India in response to the invitation of
Abdul-Baha, it was he in her person. It
was both her and my wish then that the
first daughter born to me should be
named Lua after her.
The news of the [proposed] building
of the ltlashrak-el-Azkar on the 100th an-
niversary of the birth of 
was a piece of real good news. I am writ-
ing to the Bombay assembly asking them
to allow me to join them in sending some
little mite towards the building fund. I
am very sorry that I did not begin earlier,
for I should have taken' the first opportu-
nity of submitting the 1/19th of my in-
heritance, but now it is not practicable.
I am therefore only able to submit one
thousand rupees, which is about 1/15th
of my possessions, but about 1/30 of
what I had inherited. My wife however
has subscribed the full 1/l9tl1, i. one
hundred and twenty-five rupees. I know
that this is nothing for the building
fund, yet I at least shall have the satis-
faction to think that I have tried to add
my mite.
Yours in His love.
asitmatulla-7t.

