STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TLMES A 
By the BAHAI NEVVS SERVICE, 515 South Dearhorn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post office at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1379.
777 HTerms: year; 10 cents per copy 7 7
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill', U. S. A.
To personal checks please add sufficient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Sim' of the West! as rs eon!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clirne. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are lirnited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant. in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of_the sea; thy volume increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame Will be raised and become world-w|de--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Asms.
- r" 
V01. VII Kamal 1, 72 (August 20, 1916) No. 9
Abdul-Baha on Spiritual Happiness
is nat-ural that a passenger on board
I the steamer and sailing the great
ocean may now witness the tumul-
tuous wavcs of a. wild storm and in the
freedom and joyousness of his heart ride
on the white crest of the iridescent and
pearly foam, watching a world of surg-
ing Waves battling against the sky, and
again behold the sea. tranquil, its surface
like a mirror, reflecting therein the blue
dome of heaven. These experiences are
the natural requirements of one's jour-
ney. They have always been conducive
to the enrichment of human nature. But
on the other hand, if the tranquillity be-
come permanent and the traveler de-
prived of the wonderful sight of the
waves, the sea not being stirred by the
blowing of Winds, this state is undesir-
able, for it is indicative of the fact that
one 's journey has come to an end. . . .
Today my joy and happiness consists in
the firmness and steadfastness of the be-
lievers of God, the attraction of the
hearts with the fragrances of God, the
detachment of the people from the in-
ordinate desires of passion and self and
their complete dependence on and com-
munication with the kingdom of God.
. . There is no doubt that we do not
find real joy and happiness through the
songs of the singers, the music of the
musicians and the flowers of the rose
garden, nay rather our delight and ex-
hilaration consists in the anthems of
unity and the chorus of harmony raised
from the assemblages of the friends of
God, singing in the heavenly rose gar-
den, their voices reaching to the cars of
the people of the world and creating a
divine attitude of beatitude and ec-
stasy. . . . 
(A portion of a. tablet received from
Abdul-Baha, through Mirza Ahmad Soh-
rab, dated March 20, 1916, by Mr.
Horace Holley.)
"In the morning," writes Mirza Ah-
mad Sohrab, was busy reading an
article in an American newspaper con-
cerning the society organized in Cleve-
land to 'make happiness epidemic'.
Abdul-Baha. came out of his room
and walked in the garden for a few
minutes. I went out of the room

