 on THE 155
consciousness and standing firm in the
Cause till his very last breath. . . .
(Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Febru-
ary 20, 1914.)
Vilhile We were living in Bagdad one
of the most honorable men in Persia
came there. He called on Baha'o'llah
and as he used to come and see us
often I became attached to him. I grew
to love him very much and as he was
not a believer I spoke to him about the
Cause. I used to tell him:
"My friend, The aim of this life
is not the acquirement of Wea.lt.h, honor
and glory, not the display of the animal
attributes such as eating, sleeping and
chasing pl.easures. Such aimless
and insipid pursuits do not befit man
who is endowed with divine effulgenee
and radiant longings. The object of this
lite is the attainment of the spirit, the
manifestatioii of the fear of God, the at-
tainnient of the knowledge of God, the
acquisition of the love of God, the at-
taining the good pleasure of the Lord of
inankind. If ma-11 cliaracterizes himself
with these God-like attributes he will be-
come freed from all ties of this mortal
World, the light of God will shi11e in his
heart, he will hear the voice of'the heav-
enly angels, he will be surrounded by
the confirinations of the Holy Spirit, he
will become an irradiating center of the
perfect names and qualities of the Mer-
ciful and a light through which the
darkness of the World of humanity is
dispelled 
(Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Febru-
ary 19, 1914.)
\\Then a. man is thirsty he drinks Wa-
ter. l7Vl1en he is hungry he eats food.
But if a man be not thirsty, water gives
him no pleasure and if his hunger be
already satisfied, food is distasteful to
him.
This is not so with spiritual enjoy-
nients. Spiritual enjoyments bring al-
ways joy. The love of God brings end-
less happiness. These are joys in them-
selves and not alleviations. The life of
animals is more simple than that of man.
Animals have all their needs supplied
for them. All the grasses of the mead-
ows are free to them. The birds build
their nests in the branching trees and
the palaces of kings are not so beautiful.
If needs are all then the animals
are better supplied than man. But man
has another food, the heavenly manna of
the knowledge of God. All the divine
prophets and 1la11ifes"ta.tio11s appeared in
the world that this heavenly manna
might be given to man. This is the food
which fosters spiritual growth and
strength and causes pure illumination in
the souls of men. They become filled
with the breaths of the Holy Spirit. They
increase in the knowledge of God and
in those virtues wl1ieh belong to the
World of liumanity. They attain to the
very image and likeness of God.
greater joy is there than this?
\When they invoke God's- favor at the
divine threshold their minds become
open, they enter into spiritual pleasures
and make discoveries. By this they en-
joy ecstacies of the Spirit and see the
world illumined. They are filled with
insight. They become fully attuned to
the bounties of God and see them face
to face, acquiring in themselves the vir-
tues of the Manifesta.tions.i" Thus it is
that man shall attain to the utmost
hopes of the holy ones and the saints.
If man could 11ot attain to this il-
lumination and these bounties the 1ni11-
eral World would be better than he for
it is not deficient in anything. "When
man is deprived of the illumination of
God he feels a lack and a shortcoming
on his part.
e. great, world prophets. "Man-
ifestation" when spelled with a eapital
signifies in these pages a divinely
perfect master who manifests the attri-
butes of God as a pure polished mirror
reflects the sun.
(Continued on page 161)

