STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and. the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of alfection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened
that diversit of reli ion shall cease and dilferences of annulled S0 it shall th se fruitless strif 
ace . e; 
these wars shall pass away, and the Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VII Kalamat 1, 72 (]uly 13, 1916) No. 7
The Bahai Congress in Chicago
April 29 to May 2, 1916
EDITOR IA 
THE Bahai Congress and Convention to which this issue is devoted was like
four days of Pentecost. We have not the space to outline each of the
addresses or even to give the names of the speakers who thrilled the hearts
of the hearers and opened to their minds visions of the new' kingdom Which' is
to appear upon the earth. But names are really unimportant. The speakers
were effective only because they forgot themselves and let the Ab-ha. spirit speak
through their lips and glow through their faces. To rise before that convention
was to stand in the midst of the gales of the Holy Spirit which swept the room
at times like the rushing of a mighty Wind. Tongues of spiritual fire! settled
over the speakers as they rose, setting their hearts ablaze and their Words aflame
with the love of the Kingdom.
All the discussions centered about the building of a great temple north of
Chicago by the lake shore, Where men and women of all races may meet and
receive day by day this baptism of fire. This temple is to be the ideal expres-
sion of the church universal. At present the Bahais lay little emphasis upon
organization. They desire 'but to diffuse in existing churches and societies the
spirit of universal love. But when this love bears its fruits the denominations
will Want to unite in one universal church. What shall it be like? When the
question is asked the Bahais will point to the temple at VVilmette. There is the
ideal. There is the central house of prayer Where men will Worship God every
morning and evening. Around that spiritual center there will be gathered, in a
great circle, a group of philanthropic institutions, an orphanage, a hospital, a
hospice, a home for the aged and infirm, a university. The center of the circle
is the love of God, but its circumference is the love of man. At the temple
center man turns the mirror of his heart to God. When he leaves the door he
reflects the light of the love which God has given to him in service to his
neighbors.

