STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post office at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act oi March 3, 1879.
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEVVS SERVICE, P. D. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add sufficient to cover the bank exchange.
7 Address allfommunications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S.A.
TATBLET FKOM ABDUL-BAI-IA.
thou Star of the West! mt IS 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy forrn_ 1S small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakahle, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant. in t11?
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves oi the sea; thy volume will increase.
fill? arena become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide~--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend 
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA ABBAS.
Vol. VII Kowl 1, 72 (November 23, 1916) No. Hf
Latest Word from Abdul-Baha
In 2. letter dated October 25, 1916, to Mirza. Ali Kuli Khan, recently re-
ceivcd, Mirza. Alimad Sohralo advises Khan that the beloved Abdul-Baha. has
addressed three Tablets to Khan, one in his own name, one to Khanom, his Wife,
and one to the American Bahais, concerning him, his family and household, and
his relatives.
The last of the three Tablets has just been received by Khan, through Mr.
Joseph H. Hannen, of "Wwashington, D. C., in a letter from Mirza. Ahmad Sohrab,
in which Abdul-Baha. addresses himself to the American believers as follows:
To the Believers of God in them be greeting and praise!
ye believers of God!
It is a long time tliat his honor Ali Kuli Khan is engaged in the scrvic-e
of the Cause of God; therefore I love him. Regarding the niece and the
relatives of Khan who are in America, their aim is likewise good, and the
believers of God must exercise toward them the utmost kindness. For these
souls are strangers, and hospitality must be shown towards strangers. Should
you hear contrary and co-nflic-ting stories concerning them, do not accept
those stories. I beg of God tliat that family--that is Khan, and the relatives
of be happy in that strange country, and that the believers may
show them kindness and consideration.
Man is Worthy of honor and merits respect, especially a stranger. The
friends of God must bcco-me the cause of the consolation of every stranger-
unless he is corrupt and wicked person. They must be the ineans of joy
for every sorrowful one, a. protective shelter for every fearful one, and a
true friend and sympathizer to every friendless one. This is. the reward
and compensation of every human being. I hope you may become assisted
therein. Upon ye be greeting and praise.
(signecl) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Then Mirza Ahmad says: "Praise be to God, that the health of Abdul-
Baha. is Well. At present he lives in Bahjee with his holy sister; Monnsvar
Khanom, his daughter, and one of his gra.nd-daughters."

