144 srna or THE WEST
says.' She came to me, and after hear-
ing her side of the story I said to her:
'The Germans never curse any one; they
are not accustomed to it.' She went
away, and after another month she came
again to with another
compla.int, that this carpenter had forced
her son to carry on his back a load of
Wheat. Again I told her that if he had
done so it was for discipline. I satisfied
her, but she was murmuring inwardly.
A few months rolled by and she returned
With another set of complaints, frankly
confessing that she did not Want her son
to be away from her, that he was the
apple of her eye.
"Realizing how selfish her love was
for her son, I told her at last that I
would not take him away, that he must
stay with the carpenter for eight years
until his apprenticeship was over. Vllell,
she yielded to the inexorable situation.
After eight years of study he left his
master, and his mother was very proud
of him, everywhere praising his industry
because his work was demanded on every
hand. In short, the mothers must not
think of themselves, but of the progress
of their children, because upon the chil-
dren of today--whether boys or girls-
depends the moulding of the civilization
of tomorrow."
Excerpt from Diary of Mirza Ahmad
Soh-rah, October 18, 1914.
"The children must receive divine and
material education at the same time, and
be protected from temptations and vices.
How Wonderful will it be if the teachers
are faithful, attracted and assured,
educated and refined Bahais, well-
grounded in the science of pedagogy and
familiar with child thus they
may train the children with the fra-
grances of God. In the scheme of human
life the teacher and his system of teach-
ing plays the most important role, carry-
ing with it the heaviest responsibilities
and most subtle influence. A teacher is
like unto a gardener. Just as a gardener
so-ws the seeds and watches carefully over
their sprouting, looks after their growth
and progression--so also a teacher must
watch over the education of the children
and inculcate in their young lives the
highest ideals of truth and justice."
Excerpt from Diary Letter of Mirza
Ahmad Sohrab, November 12, 1913.
Abdul-Baha is discussing the necessity
of banishing superstitions and 
ing how the apparent "lethargy" in the
Mohammedan world is not because the
religion of the Arabian prophet was or
is false, but it is because the Moham-
medans have forgotten the pure demo-
cratic principles of the first age of Islam,
and have taken hold of spurious cere-
monies and false premises, and are
spending their time in the study of dead
theology and Worthless metaphysics. It
is written in the Koran: "There is no
virtue in this, whether thou mayest turn
thy face (at the time of prayer) toward
the East or the West; but the virtue
lies in this, that thou mayest adorn thy-
self with righteousness and practise phil-
anthropy." Take the example of the
theological students of the University
of Al-Azhar. They spend all their lives
in that institution with no visible results.
VVhen a young man enters a Western col-
lege he comes out after a few years,
either an engineer, or an electrician,
architect, physician, or any of the many
technical and practical professions. But
those students of Azhar Waste their Won-
derful lives and are a heavy burden on
the shoulders of the state. This is a
crime, an unpardonable crime. Then,
turning to a Bahai who has two of his
children in a French school, Abdul-Baha
said:
"Give to your children a manual pro-
fession, something whereby they may be
able to support themselves and others.
Let polite literature take care of itself.
Teach them a technical art or pro-
fession." 

