134 STAR on THE WEST
Therefore so long as the requirements of
the natural World play paramount part
among the children of men, success and
prosperity are impossible; for the suc-
cess and prosperity of the human 
depend upon the qualities and virtues
with which the reality of humanity is
adorned While the exigencies of the nat-
ural World Work against the realization
of this object." Thus material civiliza-
tion alone does not insure the safety and
progress of mankind, but brings into
existence the greatest instruments for
human fratricide and destruction of
property, and animalistic propensities
rea.ch their height under its influence.
Divine civilization, on the other hand,
assists man in acquiring heavenly vir-
tues, thus freeing him from oppression,
cruelty, and greed brought about by the
exploitation of his fello~vv-man fo-r his
own gain. "Divine civilization is a
symposium of the perfections of the
World of humanity. Divine civilization
is the improvement of the ethical life of
a nation. Divine civilization is the dis-
covery of the reality of phenomena. Di-
vine civilization is the spiritual philoso-
phy. Divine civilization is the knowl-
edge of God with rational and intellect-
ual evidences." Consequently consider
What a difference and distinction is the-re
between the material civilization and the
divine civilization! The natural civili-
zation prevents men from doing harm
and wrong through force and punish-
ment, and thus withholds them from
committing crimes. But the divine civ-
ilization so trains men that the human
individuals avoid sins Without having
any fear from (material) punishment;
and the very sin itself becomes unto
them as the severest punishment. And
with the utmost zeal a-nd fervor they
will engage in acquiring human virtues,
gaining that by which mankind will be
uplifted and that which will enlighten
the human World."
Thus divine civilization is in the same
relation to material civilization as the
light is to the lamp. Natural civilization
is the body which is i11 need of the
spirit of heavenly guidance for its life
and advancement. Therefore the real
and true civilization exists only When tlie
material -and spiritual combine to reach
their highest development, A good man
without any development along material
lines does 11ot represent true civiliza-
tion; While on the other hand, the "man
Who has developed only his material side,
With no regard for the spiritual does not
stand for real civilization. Man must
first understand that "the outward trap-
pings of civilization, Without inward
moral advancement, may be likened unto
confused dreams which cannot be inter-
preted and sensual enjoyment, apart
from spiritual perfection, is like unto
the mirage which he that is athirst be-
lieves to be Water." (M. F. P. 126)
The Bahai teaching awakens Within him
the realization of his duty to society by
sowing such seeds of (divine) truth in
his heart as these 
The poor among you are my trust.
Therefore guard my trust, and be not
wholly occupied with your own ease."
"Ye are the trees of my garden; ye
must bear fresh and beautiful fruits,
that ye and others may be profited by
them. Therefore it is necessary for
ye to engage in arts and business. This
is the means of attaining Wealth, 
ye possessors of intellect. Affairs de-
pend upon mcans, and the blessing of
God will appear therein and enrich
you- Fruitless trees have been and
be only fit for fire."
"Deeds reveal the station of the
man."
"Let the rich learn the midnight
sighing of the poor, lest negligence
destroy them and they be deprived of
their portion of the tree of Wealth.
Giving and generosity are qualities of
mine. Happy is he who adorns him-
self with my virtues."
"Thy heart is my home; purify it
for my descent: thy spirit is my out-

