STAR OF THE 63
sion of that new order and new day for
which all the prophets have dreamed.
Mrs. May Maxwell read a few words
which the Spirit had given her describ-
ing the true spiritual temple for which
the temple of stone is but a preparation
and symbol:
'We are all of a
house divided against itself.
God is one; the Spirit: is one; the uni-
verse is one; and We are one in origin
both spiritually and physically; one in
the very essence of our nature, of our
being-011e in destiny. "From God we
came and to God We shall return."
Humanity is one great ocean of being,
of love, of truth, of consciousness; but
these drops are all
weakness, discord a.nd disorder. These
units are imperfect, incomplete-, be-cause,
being in reality parts of an infinite
whole, their separation makes them
Weak, impotent and imperfect.
Can we think of any evil that is rend-
ing the world today for which unity is
not the one, the only remedy?
Not until mankind has attained the
realization and consciousness that it is
one temple, one spirit, one life, can all
the ills which today are destroying the
human race _find a perfect and eternal
remedy. God has not deposited the treas-
ures of his infinite spirit in any one soul,
but he has deposited a portion. of his
bounty and treasure in every soul that
was ever created, and in order to have
access to this i.ufinite source of his treas-
ures, all these souls must flow into one
mighty spiritual unit.
How Wonderful to think that you and
I and all of us are (me. Your love is my
love, my joy is yours, our sorrow and
longing, our striving and aspiration are
one! The very thought brings a name-
less and boundless strength. Oh! if We
knew the reality, the mystery of one-
ness, W6 should be standing in -the full
light of in his presence; and
We should all be to each other an inex-
haustible source of life, strength, healing,
.j oy and blessedness.
The supreme attribute of God is love;
love is the essence of his being, and his
Ullt and
is the source of all life, truth and heauty.
He created us through lore and created
us for his love and for each other. We
belong to each other; we need each
other; We are exhausted and dying with
the love and longing and need of each
01911913 "Of the spirit of God, of our Eter-
nal Beloved, which We must seek and
find in each other. This love which is
through our hearts at this
moment is the fire of God in us and iivhen
it becomes a pure flame it will burn all
the separating veils and we shall be one
mirror reflecting the One God. Ya Bah.-a-
el-Abha-I
_\l\Te attain oneness with each other and
with all the great movements of the age,
Which are but so many rays of the sun
Of bi' lflefifinlillg One with the Cen-
of the Covenant. The Center of the
Coyenant means to me that spiritual law
trhich is the path that leads to God. It
1S the path of love and knowledge, of
lovefor each other and servitude to God,
and to mankind, the path of all beauty
and Its perfected image is
Abdul-Baha. "Te become one with that
Collier by obedience. We become one
the P3-T11 bl?' Walking therein, If
we obey the natural law we attain fg
fullness and growth in the phygigal
world. Just so if We Walk in perfect
obedience to the spiritual law We <3-one
int-o the full image of Abdul-Baha witc-
is a perfect image lived in' servitude to mankind, We
fulfill the command of our Lord the
Christ, and become perfect as God is
perfect.
M11 Lunt= So much spiritual love
has been showered upon us that surely
the Of the Covenant must have
attended. this nieeting Sha-ii We sing the
benediction if

