STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of atfectiou and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened:
that diversity of religion shall cease and difierences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VII Azamat l, 72 (May 17, 1916) No. 4
Tablet to India
From Abdul-Baha to Mr. Bannerjce, the founder of the Devalaya
Society in Calcutta, India
tl1ou Wooer of Reality!
His Highness the Merciful One hath
caused the appearance of the splendors
of love and aflinity in t-he World 0-f hu-
manity, so that the individuals of man-
kind mig-ht be perfectly united and the
rays of unity be revealed amongst the
children of man. Hence he sent forth
t'he holy l\'lanifestations, inspired their
hearts with the contexts of the heavenly
books and instituted divine religions, in
order that these sanctified personages,
these revealed books, these religions of
God might become the means of unity
and accord,'love and good fellowship in
the human World.
Should We study the divine religions
with the perception of truth, We Would
then conclude that their underlying prin-
ciple is the One Reality. All the re-
ligions of Godl are the reality. Reality
does not accept multiplicity and divis-
ion. But alas! that the fundamental
reality is laid aside and forgotten a.nd a
catalogue of creeds, dogmas and rites
have taken its place which are the basis
of difference, the cause of hatred and
prejudice and the establishment of the
religion of God is totally forgotten and
quite neglect-ed.
"Th-en this impenetrable 
is, the gloom of the traditions of fore-
fathers and the
World and the pristine, primal light of
the divine religions was changed into
the darkness of the ideas of men, then
the true morn dawned and the Sun of
Reality arose from t'he
horizon of Persia, reflecting in the n1ir-
ror of the World of humanity the efful-
gence of the heavenly unity. Thus he
destroyed the foundations of the struc-
ture of blind dogmas, and man-made
creeds and rituals which are the results
of ignorant prejudices. It is owing to
this fact that this light is spreading with
the greatest rapidity in all the countries
of the World. The influence of these di-
vine teachings in the heart of the World is
like the influence of the spirit over the
bodies.
Consequently, through the breaths of
this divine spirit, the followers of the
different religions in Persia have rent
asunder the veil of superstitions, are
freed from the effect of unenlightened
doctrines and have attained to the Be-
loved of Reality. These antagonistic
faiths are united with the bond of per-
fect love and amity. For this reason
great meetings are organized, in which
are represented Mohamniedans, Chris-
tians, Jevvs, Zoroastrians, Turks, Arabs,
Parsees, Persians, Kurds, English,
French and Americans, Who associate
and mingle with each other as brothers.
Like the sheep of God they are grazing
in the meadow of truth under the pro-

