STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of afiection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VII Baha' 1, 72 (March Z1, 1916) No. 1
The Light of Truth
Address delivered by Mirza Ali Kuli Khan before the Bahai Assembly
of West Hoboken, N. September Z8, 1902
RUTH is the foundation upon
I which the welfare of society, both
temporal and spiritual, is depend-
ent. To know the full scope of Truth
secures man a passport with which to
traverse through the boundaries of the
world and advance with sure step toward
the realm of eternity. Truth seekers are
assiduous students in the school of
experience. They see many ups
and downs and experience manifold
stumbling blocks and afflictions upon the
highway of trials which lead man to the
destination of perfection. Every day
life puts unthought of problems and
questions to man, which are beyond his
power to solve. But when, through suf-
fering and hardships, Truth is attained,
it endows man with a key to every en-
igma of life, and traces unto him a plain
way to every fairy mansion sequestered
here and there throughout the vast des-
ert of time.
Now that we know that the Truth is
the only thing Worth having, we must
buy it at any price. The Truth should
be found and known through the heart
and not through any of the outward
senses. It should be perceived through
insight and not sight, for the sight sees
imaginary things as realities, considers
the mirage of the desert as running Wa-
ter and takes a shifting shadow for a.
substantial form. The outward senses
rather mislead us than direct us to the
Truth. When we look at things from
the outward sense point of view, we are
improvidlent and thus led to misjudge
them. In such circumstances we take
darkness for light, images reflected in the
mirror for realities, and we fail to dis-
tinguish the Truth from falsehood. In
other words, to seek after Truth through
the instrumentality of outward senses,
leads us to worship horizons"--not the
sun--and to judge by the appearance of
the lamp and candle.
To illustrate this point, let us look
back 1900 years ago when the whole
world was in quest of Truth. In search
of Truth all were exploring the dark re-
cesses and nooks of the different sides of
life through the help of the torch of out-
ward senses, with the exception of a very
few who sought a.fter it and had for a
guide the shining light of insight and
inner perception. Then when the "Mes-
sianic Sun" dawned from the horizon
of the "Man of Nazareth," those few
who sought after the Messiah through
the help of insight found that world-i1-
lumining light as clear as the sun in
midday and were by no means prevented
by the lowly lamp of Jesus in whom that
Light had appeared'. On the other hand,
myriads of pseudo-seekers-, who were es-
corted by the gorgeous equipage of Greek
philosophy and mounted on the steeds

