84 STAR OF THE WEST
penses must be free from paying taxes.
All products and incomes gathered and
collected must be put in the general store.
If there is a helpless one in that village
his daily needs must be given to him.
On the other hand, a rich person who
needs only fifty kilos of products and
still has five hundred thousand kilos,
after all his expenses are paid, should be
taxed two-tenths and at the end of the
year whatever remains in the store
should be distributed for the general
expenses.
"The question of socialization is very
important. It will not be solved by
strikes for wages. All the governments
of the world must be united and organize
an assembly, the members of which
should be elected from the parliaments
and the nobles of the nations. These
must plan, with utmost wisdom and
power, so that neither the capitalists suf-
fer from enormous losses, nor the labor-
ers become needy. In the utmost mod-
eration they should make the law, then
announce to the public that the rights of
the working people are to be strongly
preserved. Also the rights of the capital-
ists a.re to be protected. When such a gen-
eral plan is adopted by the Will of both
sides, should a strike occur, all the gov-
ernments of the world collectively should
resist it. Otherwise, the work will lead
to much destruction, especially in Eu-
rope. Terrible things will take place.
One of the several causes of a universal
European war will be this question.
For instance, the owners of proper-
ties, mines a.nd factories should share
their incomes with their employees, and
give a fairly certain percentage of their
products to their workingmen, in order
that the employees may receive, beside
t'heir wages, some of the general income
of the factory, so that the employee may
strive with his soul in the work.
"'No more trusts will remain in the
future. The question of the trusts will
be wiped away entirely. Also, every
factory that has ten thousand shares,
will give two thousand shares of these
ten thousand to its employees, and will
write them in their names, so that they
may have them, and the rest will belong
to the capitalists. Then at the end of
the month or year, whatever they may
earn after the expenses and wages are
paid, according to the number of shares,
should be divided among both. In real-
ity, so far, great injustice has befallen
the common people. Laws must be
made because it is impossible for the
laborers to be satisfied with the pres-
ent system. They will strike every
month and every year. Finally, the cap-
italists will lose. In the ancient times
a strike occurred amo-ng the Turkish sol-
diers. They said to the government:
'Our wages are very small and they
should be increased.' The government
was forced to give them their demands.
Shortly afterwards they struck again.
Finally all the incomes went to the pock-
ets of the soldiers, to the extent that they
killed the king, saying: 'VVhy didst
thou not increase the income, so that we
might have received more? 
"It is impossible for a country to live
easily without laws. To solve this prob-
lem strong laws must be made, so that
all the governments of the world be the
protectors thereof.
"The essence of this matter is that
strikes are conducive to destruction, but
laws are the cause of life. Laws must
be framed. Demands should be accord-
ing to the laws, and not with strikes,
force and harshness. Tonight you have
spoken of politics, but we are not accus-
tomed to talk on politics. We speak
about the wo-rld of spirit. We speak
of the wealth of the kingdom, not of the
wealth of the nether world. Politics are
obligatory matters, but eternal happiness
cannot be obtained by force. Happines
and force are impossible. What is meant
by happiness'? It means that the people
should live according to the most perfect
virtues of the world of humanity, and
the power of the divine kingdom. A This
is one story and that is another story."

