STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VII Jamal 1, 72 (April Z8, 1916) No. 3
Explanation of Danielis Interpretation of
NebuchadnezZar's Dream
Lesson given by Mirza Abul Fazl, Sunday, October 6, 1901, Chicago
Interpreted by Mirza Ali Kuli Khan
Taken stenozraphically by Miss Gertrude Buikema.
7 I Holy Scriptures, including
the Old and the New Testament,
bear and contain prophecies con-
cerning the co-ming 0-f the Lo-rd in the
latter days. Some of these books con-
tain prophecies which sho-W the exact
date of the appearance of the latter days,
while some others simply give signs and
tokens of that glorious day.
Among the boo-ks of the Old Testa-
ment only the book of Daniel contains
dates of the Manifestation (of 
in this great day, and of the
books of the New Testament only the
book of Revelation contains the date of
the coming of this great day; while the
other scriptural records, containing pro-
phecies and writings, refer to that event
as the coming of the Lord. One of the
prophecies refers t'o the coming of the
great day and gives signs of its coming,
not dates; and by reading this pro-
phecy all can judge for themselves that
it refers to the day of the Lord and to
the coming of the Lord of Hosts in the
latter days.
Now I will read that prophecy to you
(Isaiah 25 :6-7 "And in this mountain
shall the Lord of Hosts make unto all
people a feast of fat things, a feast of
wine on the lees, 0-f fat things full of
marrow, of wines on the lees Well re-
fined. And he will destroy in this moun-
tain tlhe face of the covering cast over all
people, and the veil that is spread over
all nations." This is a prophecy of
things which were to happen in the
mountain of God, that all the nations
of the earth, including the Jews, Zoro-
astrians, et al., should
come toget!her on that holy mountain to
partake of food, both spiritual and ma-
terial; and we find this prophecy was
not fulfilled in the day of Jesus nor in
another day, but it is only in this day
of since his departure,
that all the nations of the eart'h have
come to Acca and Haifa, and have par-
taken o-f this food, both materially and
spiritually. By the mountain mentioned
in this verse is meant Mt. Carmel, which
fact is unanimously agreed upon by the
learned doctors and others among the
Christians, Jews, and all the other na-
tions who believe in the scriptures. The
cities of Haifa and Acca are at the foot
of Mt. Carmel. Since the exile of
and Abdul-Baha to Acca,
Haifa and Mt. Carmel, all the differ-
ent nations of the earth have partaken of
spiritual life and spiritual food on that
mountain, which has no other meaning
than that of the blessings and teachings
showered upon them by 
and Abdul-Baha. By the seventh verse:
"And he will destroy in this mountain
the face of the covering cast over all peo-
ple, and the veil that is spread over all

