STAR or THE WEST 171
"Hast thou Love?"
Extract from the Diary of Mirza Ahmad June 9, 1914
"When our American visitors left the_
house a Christian minister called on Ab-
dul-Balia. . . . Then the minister
asked about the mission of Christ. With-
out pause Abdul-Baha continued, "His
holiness' Christ came for the promulga-
tion of the law of love; all the prophets
were sent, all the books were revealed,
so that the law of love might be pro-
moted. But a few self-seeking people
subverted the original aims of the relig-
ion of God, changed its pure current and
made it an instrument of hatred and ran-
cor and quarrel and sedition. Why
should we hate the members of other
religions'? 'Why should We not love each
other? Why should we be tattlers and
busy-bodies and gossip-mongers'! Why
are we 11ot looking at our own shortcom-
ings? \Vhy do we not let people alone?
"Thy do we not search after our own
faults"! 'And why beholdest thou the
mote that is in thy brother's eye, but
considerest not the beam that is in thine
own eye'! O, how wilt thou say to the
brother, let me pull the mote out of thine
_and behold, a beam is in thine own
eye! Thou hypocrite, first cast out the
beam that is in thine own and then
shalt thou see clearly to cast out the
mote that is in thy brother's eye.' Let
us have love a.nd more love, a love that
melts all opposition, a love that conquers
all foes, a love that sweeps away all bar-
riers, a love that' aboundeth in charity,
large-heartedness, tolerance, and noble-
striving, a love that triumphs over all
obstacles, a boundless, resistless, sweeping
love. Ah, me! Each one must be a sign
of love, a sea of love, a center of love, a
sun of love, a star of love, a haven of
love, a pearl of love, a palace of love, a
mountain of love, a world of love, a
universe of love. Hast thou love? Then
thy power is irresistible. Hast thou
sympathy? Then all the stars will sing
thy praise!"
"Earth should be a Paradise"
Part of an Address delivered by Abdul-Baha to a gathering of Socialists in
Coronation Hall, St. Lawrence Street, Montreal, Canada. From
the Montreal Star (Daily), 1912
"Earth should be a Paradise," said
Abdul-Baha.
"There are certain species of life that
seemingly can live solitary and alone.
Certain trees, certain animals and even
herds wander far from their kind. But
man is necessarily ever in need of co-
operation and mutual help.
"In reality all mankind represents
one family. God desires that each in-
dividual member of the body politic
should live in the utmost well being and
comfort.
"If all do not so enjoy life there is a
lack of symmetry in the body politic.
'Let us look after" ourselves,' the selfish
say, 'Let others die; so long as I am
comfortable, all is going well!' Such a
callous attitude is due to a lack of con-
trol and a lack of working law!"
Abdul-Baha then outlined a scheme
which had been formulated by Baha'-
o'llah, the great Bahai Prophet, for en-
suring the economic happiness of the
people. In this scheme farmers were
first to be dealt with for the agricultural
industry is the most important and the
most useful in the national life. It
provides that every village community
have a general storehouse to which a
number of revenues would come. This
income from the communal fund would

