94- STAR OF
mighty. In the great Book, the divine
Koran, God says-: "If ye offer praise
unto me, I will increase my favors unto
you." Therefore We have unloosened
our tongues in continual thanksgiving,
supplicating confirmation and assistance
from the spirituality of his holiness M0-
hamed El-Mostafa, the Messenger of God
--upon him be praise. We are likewise
THE WEST
praying for your success and prosperity.
The mother of thy respected wife, her
brothers and sister are all Well and in
good health. 
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Haifa, Syria, June 22, 1916.
"The sweet breezes which are wafting toward us from America
and the perfumed air which reaches our nostrils from
that far off region are most fragrant."
To Mr. Joseph H. I-Iannen, Washington,
D. C.
Upon him be greeting and praise!
thou who art firm in the Covenant!
Praise be to God, that the friends of
God in VVashingt-on are occupied in the
service of the Kingdom and are display-
ing perfect firmness and steadfastness in
the faith_ The meetings which are be-
ing organized are in reality the reflec-
tions of the Supreme Concourse. The
sweet breezes which are Wafting toward
us from America and the perfumed air
which reaches our nostrils from that far
off region are most fragrant; therefore
they impart joy and happiness to all the
hearts.
Convey to his honor Doctor . . . . . .
. .
my longing greeting and say to him: I
have not forgotten his kindness, and it
is my hope that, in accord with the di-
vine teachings, he may become the en-
sign and the flag of the oneness of the
World of humanity.
Announce t'o the maid-servant of God,
thy respected wife, my wonderful, glor-
ious greeting.
Upon thee be greeting and praise.
Translated by Mirza Ahma.d Sohrab,
at Haifa, Syria, April 10, 1916.
"In these days great capacity is witnessed in America and the
population is ready to listen to the divine teachings."
To his honor Mr. Charles Mason R-emey,
Washington, D. C.
Upon him be greeting and praise!
thou herald o-f Reality!
Thou hast written that thou art
spending the winter with thy par'ents,
but thou dost not know thy duty for the
spring and summer. The best way is
this, in company with his honor Mr.
George Latimer travel thou throughout
America and the Hawaiian Islands and
summon thou the people to the Kingdom
of God. The doors of investigation are
open and the people of reality are run-
ning to and fro. In these days great
capacity is witnessed in America and the
population is ready to listen to the di-
vine teachings. and compose
ye in a simple and effective manner the
heavenly principles and present them to
the lis-teners in meetings and gatherings.
Through the ideal glad-tidings and the
lordly suggestions breathe ye a new
spirit into the hearts of the friends of
God and encourage and incite them in
the promotion of the word of God. Con-
vey to all the friends my longing greet-
ing, especially his honor Mr. George Lat-
imer.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
at Haifa, Syria, April 14, 1916.

