STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the worldand the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of atfection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversit of reli i shall ease and differences of race be annulled So it shall be' these fruitless strites
these ruinoug wars 51:11 pass Sway, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VII l\/lasheyat 1, 72 (September 27, 1916) No. 11
The New Work Now Before Us
Extracts from a letter written by Mrs. Ella G. Cooper of San
Francisco to the President of the Bahai Temple Unity,
regarding the Tablets published in the last issue
of the STAB or THE Wnsr.
HE great Tablets have come. Abdul-Baha himself gives us the plan, and
I it is as clear as da-ylight--that we should instantly drop every other con-
sideration and concentrate all our energies and resources upon this great
work. This is a. calh to the whole body of believers. The very first thing to do
is to- arouse all the friends to the tremendous significance of this new work,
this "superhuman service" as Abdul-Baha so justly calls it. Indeed it is so
big that We should lose no time getting at it. The friends here in the "Test are
alive to- the supreme opportunity and We feel sure that their joyous enthusiasm is
going to carry them through and make their work effective.
It seems to me that the natural division of the Work is just as Abdul-Baha
himself has divided it, East, West, South, Central States and Canada. 'Of
course We should have general consultation and mutual assistance but for a. be-
ginning at least, each section can be cared for by combined assemblies in that
section. If each Assembly would appoint simply a treasurer, to collect this
teachers' fund (which of course must be separate from the Temple fund) and
then forward it to the larger centers, as San Francisco for the Vtlest, New York
for the East, etc. that would be the most expeditious, as well as the most simple
way. The groups of assemblies in each section could then decide upon their
teachers and direct their itinerary. Conditions are changing so rapidly now
that not only are the hearts ready to hear the Glad Tidings, but the Bahafis
themselves a.re "growing" so fast that the time of fruitage is much nearer than
We have believed.
It se-e-ms to me we cannot hope to- measure the tremendous effect this new
work is going to have upon the fortunes of the Mashrak-el-Azkar, in fact, upon
all of our hopes and plans. All reforms are b0-tmcl to follow it as natural
results--peace among them. Therefore it stands to reason that if we lay every-
thing else aside and plunge at once into this glorious new work we will be con-
firmed to establish very quickly the one basis upon which the Temple will be
built and universal peace be founded.
Regarding the teachers: It might be Well if they could go two by two.
Abdul-B-aha approves of that. Our idea is that if two or three relays were to
follow one another a few Weeks apart perhaps, it might be a very good thing,
because that always keeps up the interest in the subject among the people.
Naturally We have not made any very definite plans yet, waiting to hear
from the Eastern friends but this is What has developed already. It may serve
as a "starter." Beside Mrs. Gil1en's settled plan to go to Idaho's largest

