STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations: that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men 'as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away. and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VII Rahmat l, 72 (June Z4-, l9l6) No. 6
The Way to Universal Peace
Extracts from the Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, May, 1914
i HAT is the greatest need of the
World of humanity?"
Abdul-Baha answered:
"Today, in the world of humanity, the
most important matter is the question of
universal peace. The realization of this
principle is the crying need of the time.
People have become restive and discon-
tented. The political world of every civ-
ilized nation has become a vast arena for
the exhibition of militarism and the dis-
play of martial spirit. The minds of the
statesmen and cabinet ministers, of every
government, are chiefly occupied with
the question of war, and the council
chambers are resounding with the call to
war. Self-interest is at the bottom of
every war. Greed, commerce, exploita-
tion, the pushing further of the bound-
aries of the kingdom, colonization, the
preservation of the treaty rights, the
safeguarding of the lives and interests
of the citizens, are a. few of the many
pretexts for going to war. And it has
been proven by experience that the re-
sults of war are ruinous, both to the
conquerors an.d the conquered. Coun-
tries are laid waste, public property
trampled under foot, commerce is para-
lyzed, fields crimsoned with the innocent
blood and the progress of the World re-
tarded. How can a person rectify a
wrong by committing a greater wrong,
shedding the blood of his brothe-rs? The
major part of the revenue of every conn-
try is expended upon military prepara-
engines, the filling of ar-
senals with powder and shot, the con-
struction ofrapid-firing guns, the build-
ing of fortifications and soldiers' bar-
racks and the annual maintenance of the
army and navy. From the peasants up-
ward every class of society is heavily
taxed to feed this insatiable monster of
war. The poor people have from
them all that they make with the sweat of
their brows and the labor of their hands.
"In reality war is continuous. The
moral effect of the expenditures of these
colossal -sums of money upon military
purposes is just as deteriorating as the
actual War and its train of dreadful car-
nage and horrors. The ideal and moral
forces of'the contending parties become
barbaric and bestial, the spiritual powers
are stunted and the laws of divine civili-
zation are disregard-ed. Such a financial
drain ossifies the veins and muscles of
the body politic, and congeals the deli-
cate sensibilities of the spirit.
"There is not the least doubt that the
nation or government which puts for-
ward an extraordinary effort in the pro-
motion of universal peace will be encir-
cled with divine confirmations, and will
be the object of honor and respect
amongst all -the inhabitants of the earth.
Such an 'action will be conducive to the
prosperity and well-being of man-
kind. Concerning this question of
universal peace, fifty years ago his
holiness wrote to all
the sovereigns and monarchs of the
world 6XplalI1i11g in detail the benefits
of peace and the evils of bloodshed.
Amongst other things he hath said: Orig-
inally mankind was one family, united
and compact; later on the members of

