STAR or THE WEST 97
Baha is the organizat'ion of su-ch assem-
blies, and he is their servant. For this
servitude is the crown of eterna.l sov-
ereignty, and this thralldom is freedom
in both Worlds.
Therefore, friends, strive with
heart and soul, so that you may become
a life member and an eternal organ of
the Heavenly Assembly, and the meeting
of the Kingdom of Abha! . . . . .
"The teacher's utterance must be like a
flame of fire"
Portion of Tablet from Abdul-Baha to the Persian Bahais
and Europe, owing to the (lifti-
culties of the long voyage and the
innumerable inconveniences of the jour-
ney, a reaction set in and I became
sick. No-w, through the favor and
bounty of the Blessed Perfection, I am
feeling better; therefore I am engaged
in writing to thee this letter, so that
thou mayest realize the friends of God
are never forgotten under any cir-
cumstances. Now is the time that the
believers of God may imitate the conduct
and the manner of Abdul-Baha. Day
and night they must engage in teaching
the Cause of God, b-ut they must be
imbued with the same spiritual state that
Abdul-Baha manifested while traveling
FTER my return from America
in America. When the teacher delivers
an address, first of all his own words
must have a supreme and powerful effect
over himself, so that every one in turn
may be affected. His utterance must be
like unto the flame of fire, burning away
the veils of dogmas, passion and desire.
Moreover, he must be in the utmost state
of humility and evanescence, that others
may be mindful. He must have attained
the station of renunciation and annihi-
lation. Then, and no-t until then, will he
teach the people with the melody of the
Supreme Concourse.
From Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohralb,
July 27, 1913, Ramleh, Egypt.
Words of Abdul-Baha on Teaching
Extracts from His Utterances.
THOU seeker of the Kingdom of
0 God, if thou wishest thy speech
and utterance to take effect in
hardened hearts, be thou severed from
all attachment to this world and turn
unto the Kingdom of God. Enkindle
the fire of the love of God in thy
heart with such intensity that thou
mayest become a flame of fire and a
luminous lamp of guidance. At that
time thy speech and utterance will take
effect Within the hearts through the con-
firmations of the Holy Spirit.
I Wish you to become detached from
the entire World of existence, to turn to
the Kingdom of Abha with a pure heart,
with a pure breath to teach the people.
The daughters of the Kingdom should
not have a desire.
Verily the Holy Spirit breathes in this
day into the hearts which are moving,
breathing, pure and attracted by the
love of God.
The penetration of the word' of man
depends upon the heat of the fire of the
love of God. The more the splendors of

