96 STAR OF THE WEST
I must completely rest (and he turned
his Wondrous eyes straight to him).
I don't listen to them. '\/Vhen I hear good
news from the believers, then my health
is improved. Now, if thou longest to
see me_in goo-d condition, go away and
serve the Cause and teach the souls. The
news of the spiritual conquest will make
me well. Vllherever thou goest announce
my wonderful Bahai greeting to the
teachers of the Cause, and tell them on
my behalf:
'The responsibility for the steady
progress of the cause depends upon you.
You are the physicians of the sick body
of the world of humanity. You must
not stay anywhere for a long time.
Travel from land to land like the apos-
tles of Christ, and carry with you the
glad! tidings of the Kingdom of Abha
to the remotest corners of the earth.
\7Vhy are ye silent'? Shout! Why are
ye sitting"? Move! Why are ye quiet?
Stir! This is not the day of rest and
comfort. Travel ye constantly, and
spread far and wide the teachings of
God. Like unto the stars arise ye every
day from a new horizon. Like unto
the nightingale, sing every day from a
different rose bush. Like unto the
breeze, waft every morning from a
new garden. D0 not stay a long time
anywhere. Let the world profit by your
lessons and! lea.rn fro-m your example.
My health consists in the progress of
the Cause, and the progress of the Cause
depends upon the energy and wisdom o-f
the teachers.' 
Later, he said: "The friends of God
must devote all their time to teaching
the Cause, and spreading the rays of
the Sun of Truth. You see ho-w dark
the world is; they must illumine it.
How materialistic are the people; they
must spiritualize them. Ho-w negligent
they are; they must make them aware."
I bring this letter to a close by giving
you the translation of a Tablet revealed
the other night to a believer in Persia,
showing again how important is teaching
the Cause in these days:
thou who art chosen by Abdul-Baha
for the diffusion of the fragrances
of God!
Thy letter was received. Praise be
to God, that in Moraghe tho-u hast be-
come confirmed and assisted. Today no
praiseworthy action can be compared
with teaching" the Cause of the forgiving
Lord. For this is the seed sowing time.
Every real farmer engages his time, at
this season, in seed sowing. But the
heedless ones during the seed sowing
period think of the time 0-f harvest.
Harvesting is one of the departmerits
of agriculture, but not in the time of
seed sowing. The crop is the result of
farming, but not at the time of irriga-
tion. be to 
thou hast occupied all thy time in seed
sowing, unquestionably thou shalt be-
come assisted and aided. Travel thou
in all the cities of Azarbayjan and guide
the souls to the fountain of light. And
when thou findiest time, journey through
Caucasia and guide the people to the
religion of God. All the countries have
attained to the greatest capacity, but
very little teaching is done. . . . .
In another Tablet, to the Assembly of
Teaching in Hamadan, he says:
ye blessed souls!
Many assemblies are formed and or-
ganized in this world, but the name of
this assembly is the hope of the people
of heart. It is indicative of teaching,
and from the Kingdom o-f Abha is hon-
ored with the eloquent Firman.
'Assembly' means the diffusion of the
fragrances of God. "Assembly" means
humility and friendliness toward the be-
lievers of God. "Assembly" means the
promotion of the word of God. "As-
sembly" means to be sanctified and holy
from all else save God. Such is the
spiritual assembly. Such is the divine
meeting. Such is the Lordly congrega-
tion. The ultimate desire of Abdul-

