STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened:
th d' it e1' ll difi race be annulled So it shall be" these fruitless strifes
8 0 l' 121011 8 C8858 2111 - 1
these ruinous wars shall pass away. and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VII Kowl 1, 72 (November Z3, 1916) N0. 14
"This Movement is Stupendous and
of Paramount Importance"
Tablet Revealed by Abdul-Baha, the C'-enter of the Covenant.
HE IS 
God! God! Thou dost behold me, how my forehead is laid upon the
dust of humility and submissio-n and how my face is covered in the ground of
the threshhold of thy singleness. thou my Lord, the Unconstrained! Thou seest
me lowly and contrite, supplicating, entreating and imploring toward tl1e King-
dom of thy light by day and by night, that thou encircle us with the of
thy providence and the glances of the outlook of thy mercifulness.
Lord! Forgive our sins, pardon our shortcomings and deal with us
through thy grace and generosity under all circumstances. our Lord! We are
sinners, but thou art the merciful forgiver. 'We are transgresso-rs, but thou art
the clement pardoner. Absolve our iniquities, remove our sorrows, destine for
us through thy bestowal severance from the world, occupation with thy men-
tioning, enkindlement with the fire of thy love, perpetual contemplation of thy
signs, the knowledge of thy words, meditation over thy verses and the attraction
of thy lights.
Lord! Lord! These are thy servants; they have turned their faces
toward thy countenance and they have resolved their joy and happiness in thy
favor and bounty. Strengthen their backs in thy obedience. Reinforce their
lives in thy adoration. Perfume their hearts with the fragrances of thy holiness.
Ordain for them presence in the paradise of thy meeting. Suffer them to be-
come such servants as peruse the verses of unity in the as-semb-lages held in thy
name; that attract the rays of s-ingleness from the lamp of thy bestowall; as
those drawn towards thy beauty, humble before thy glory; who have abandoned
aught else save thee and are relying upon thy protection and preservation; as
those rendered meek by the sway of thy WV0rd, made submissive before thy
beloved ones; as those diffusing thy fragrances, disclosing thy mysteries, in-
forming people with thy teachings and suffering mankind to become rejoiced
through thy glad-tidings. Verily, thou art powerful over that which thou
willest and thou feedest whomsoever thou desirest with thy hand. The world
and the Kingdom belong to thee and thou art the mighty, the omnipotent and
the beloved!
ye believers of God! ye dear
friends of Abdul-Baha!
The goblet of the Covenant is over-
flowing and the outpouring of the be-
stowal of the Luminary of Effulgence is
manifest and apparent in the regions
from behind the invisible World, like
unto the radiant moon. The twilight of
the Moon of Guidance is scattered and
the grace of the Orb of the Beauty of
Abha is continuous and renowned. The
fame of the grandeur of the Most Great
Name hath reached the East and the
"Test and the call of the Cause of the
(Continued on page 130)

