STAR OF THE WVEST 5
breezes of the temporal spring-time are
but an outcome of e-thereal vibrations
and fluctuations, while the breeze of
this divine vernal season is the pure
breath of the Holy Spirit which imparts
everlasting life upon the dead souls of
mankind. It is the rise of this perfect
man which gives rise to ideal resurrec-
tion and calls forth the mouldering bones
of dead humanity from the graves of in-
advertance and superstition.
The rise of this man revolutionizes the
old school of pride, self-exaltation and
love for temporal leadership, and estab-
lishes the flourishing institution of meek-
ness, self-abnegation and servitude upon
the well-made foundation of love and
truth. The rise of this man brings to
light the falsity of so-called knowledge,
and removes the covering from the face
of misunderstood facts. All depend upon
Him for "H-e is all in all," and all
spring forth from Him, for He is the
source of Life. He is the "Alpha and
the Omega," the beginning and the end,
the manifest and the hidden. For He is
the manifestation of that Essence who
was from the beginning before which
there was no beginning, and will con-
tinue to be until the end' beyond which
there is no end. To know Him is to
know God; to adore Him is to adore
God; and to love Him is to love God.
For He is the most perfect and clear
mirror upon which the rays of the In-
visible Sun are reflected and it is only
through that Mirror that man can be-
hold the radiance of that Sun and be
benefited by its life-imparting heat. He
is HE, whether He claims servitude, di-
vinity, prophethood, sonship, fatherhood
or manhood. In whatever clothing He
may appear, the prudent will recognize
Him, and in whatever tongue He may
speak, the spiritually minded will hear
Him and will distinguish Him from im-
posters.
Thirty-four hundred years ago, when
the whole world was covered with the
wintry frost of ignorance and idolatry,
and the children of men were submerged
in the sea of darkness and imagination,
the Supreme Ordainer saw fit to purify
the mirror of the phenomenal existence
from the dust of barbarity and deliver
mankind from the prison of fabulous
beliefs and abominations. He selected
an ordinary man of the desert and made
him the means for the execution of His
work and honored him with the robe of
prophethood. The shepherd saw the fire
of "Verily, I am God" in the burning
bush on the Sinai of knowledge and was
favored with the rod of command. He
was chosen from among the whole world
to be the bearer of the divine Message
and to enact the supreme Law for the
guidance of a certain number of man-
kind. He was commanded to release the
children of Israel from the tyranny of
arrogant Pharoahs and to remove the
yoke of slavery from their necks. That
man of God, that Law Giver, that inter-
locutor of God, directed by the divine
Light, betook himself to the city of dark-
ness and delivered the Message of His
Lord to him who was the most powerful
king in the history of that age. He dis-
comfited the hosts of the magi with the
white hand of argument and swallowed
the snakes of imagination with the ser-
pent of Truth. A shepherd, destitute of
any material influence, learning, afflu-
ence or hosts, suppressed the power of
kings, silenced the men of sciences, and
imparted the wealth of Law and Truth
to the Pharoah-ridden slaves, termed the
Israelites. He directed them to the Land
of Promise, and established them in the
covenanted country in fulfillment of the
Words~ of God to the Patriarch.
When we follow the history of the
Israelites from the rise of Moses down
to the day of Jesus, we are continually
struck with amazement at the considera-
ble change brought upon these slaves of
Pharoah and at the great events and
occurrences which mark the Hebraic
cycle. For the Word of God, through
Moses, illumined that benighted people
(Continued on page 7 

