148 srna on run WEST
position, for it combines both the ma-
terial and the spiritual. "The arrange-
ment of the Mashr-ak-el-Azkar is such
that it will exert the greatest influence
upon the civilized world on account of
its many accessories. Among them are
the following: School for Orphans, Col-
lege for Higher Scientific Education,
Hospital, Home for the Cripples, and
Hospice. Vilhen the Mashrak-el-Azkar,
With its is founded in the
World, aside from the religious and
spiritual influence, it will have a tre-
mendous effect upon civilization." The
doors of these institutions will be open
to all nations and religions.
Abdul-Baha recognizes the fact that
in order to establish a better economic
and social condition certain laws and
regulations are necessary for the best
welfare of humanity, but he goes on to
say; "Where thousands are considering
these questions, We have more essential
questions. The secrets of the whole
economic question are divine in nature
and are concerned with the World of the
heart and spirit. In the Bahai teaching
this is most completely explained, and
without the consideration of the Bahai
teaching it is impossible to realize a bet-
ter state. All this will come to 
the Bahais will bring about the better
not in a Way that will have
anything to do with corruption and sedi-
tion; not warfare, but perfect welfare.
In short the hearts must be so connected
together, love must become so dominant,
that the rich shall most willingly, out
of the free Will of the hearts, help and
extend assistance to the poor, and should
take a step in the Way of these adjust-
ments. . . . . You must strive as
much as possible to create love in the
hearts, in order that love may become
shining and radiant. 'When that love
shines in the hearts, even as this (elec-
tric) light, then it will permeate other
hearts, and When the love of God ob-
tains, everything else will be realized.
This is the foundation. Be thoughtful
of this. Think of becoming the cause
yourselves of the attraction of the souls.
Show the people what economics is, What
love is, what kindness is, What severance
is, What giving is."
"The disease which afflicts the body
politic is lack of love and absence of
altruism. In the hearts of men no real
love is found, and the condition is such
that unless their susceptibilities are
quickened by some power Within them
there can be no healing, no agreement
among mankind. Love and unity are the
needs of the body politic today. 'With-
out these there can be no progress or
prosperity attained. Therefore the
friends of God must adhere to the power
which will create this love and unity in
the hearts of the sons of men. Science
cannot cure the illness of the body politic.
Science cannot create amity and fellow-
ship in human hearts. Neither can pa-
triotism or racial prejudice effect a rein-
edy. It must be accomplished solely
through the divine bounties and the
spiritual bestowals which have descended
from God in this Day for that purpose."
In conclusion since the Bahai Move-
ment is essentially spiritual, attention is
called to the significant fact that "these
precepts were given more than half a
century ago~--at that moment no one
spoke of universal peace-nor of any of
these principles, but pro-
claimed them to all the sovereigns of the
world. . . . . They are the spirit of
this age, the light of this age; they are
the Well-being of this age." The Bahai
Movement has breathed a new spirit in-
to the dead body of the World of hu-
manity and a new universal and divine
consciousness has been presented to man-
kind for investigation.

