l84- STAR OF THE WEST
era-tion; Watch daily your Words and
deeds. Thus from the very beginning
you may characterize yourselves With di-
vine ideals. The divine ideals are hu-
mility, submissive-ness, annihilation of
self, perfect evanescence, charity and
loving kindness. You must die to self
and live in God. You must be exceed-
ingly compassionate to each other and
to all the people of the World. Love
and serve mankind just for the sake of
God and not for anything else. The
foundation of your love toward human-
ity must be spiritual faith and divine
assurance. Again: you must be most
careful that, God forbid, not one single
Word contrary to truth issue from your
mouths. One falsehood throws man from
the highest station of honor to the lowest
abyss of disgrace. Always guard your-
selves against this enemy, so that all you
state may correspond with reality. For-
ever supplicate and entreat at the court
of Majesty and beg confirmation and
assistance. Make ye an effort that you
may Win the good pleasure of Baha'o'-
llah. All the natural and supernatural
advancements in the human world re-
volve around this one problem. If you
attain to this supreme goal all the ele-
ments of the world of creation will be
ready to serve you at your bidding, i. 
they Will find their highest attainment
in you and through you or, in other
Words, you Will become the fruits of the
World o-f existence. . . . The evolu-
tion of the perfect man is a fruit of ere-
atio-n, just as the evolution of the trunk,
branches, leaves and blossoms of the tree
is the fruit thereof. Exalt your thoughts.
Reflect over all your affairs. Magnify
your endeavors. Enlarge the circle of
your ideals. Open the Wings of spiritual
wisdom. Let your hope be the acco1n-
plishment of most great deeds the results
of Which may immortalize your names.
All that the people are holding fast to
a.re as the mirage and Will not last.
(Extract from Address of Abdul-Baha
to students of Beirut College. From
Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, April
15, 1914.)

When a person 's life is purely moral,
When his daily actions are propelled by
ethical fo-rces he will influence tremen-
dously the lives of those who come in
touch With him. The insincere man
learns from him the lesso-ns of sincerity,
the faithless becomes faithful, the ignor-
ant,.Wise, and the cowardly, courageous.
(Words of Abdul-Baha from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohr-ab, February 24,
1914.)
All these wishes are Well Worthy of
asking, especially the rescue from self-
love. This is a strange trait and the
means of the destruction of many impor-
tant souls in the World. If man be im-
bued with all the good qualities, but be
selfish, all the other virtues will fade or
pass away, and eventually he will grow
worse.
I hope the beloved of God and the
maid-servants of the Merciful wil.l be en-
tirely freed from selfishness. Should
this become their nature they will in-
deed become manifestations of great
bounties a.nd the doors of divine grace
will open.
(1/Vords of Abdul-Baha: From tablet
to an American believer; November 30,
1904.)
Dissatisfaction -With one 's self is a
sign o-f progress. The soul who is satis-
fied With himself is the manifestation of
Satan and the person Who is not con-
tented with himself is the manifestation
of the Clement One. If a person has one
thousand good qualities he must not look
at them; nay rather, he must 'strive to
find out his own defects and imperfec-
tions. For example, a person having a
palatial residence furnished with the
most expensive furniture and decorated

