STAR or THE WEST 141
to every patient. What is good for one
may cause the death of another. Wha.t
alleviates one kind of sickness may ag-
gravate the other.
The pharmacopoeia of a Bahai teacher
must be Well supplied. If he sticks to
one kind of prescription I do not say he
shall fail, but he will not accomplish
universal results.
Hemust be fairly Well informed with
the Scriptures, the history of the Cause,
and its principles, the underlying spirit
of the age, and the longings of the hearts
for vaster and more spacious fields of
noble labor and elevating thoughts.
There is an Oriental saying: "There
are as many roads to God as the number
of His creatures!"
A teacher must know these roads and
strive to put himself in sympathetic
touch With the Weary pilgrims who are
struggling along each road, and little
by little teach them that What they call
a road is not a road but an unbeaten
hard trail leading to jungles and deserts
and precipices. hen they are pre-
pared, he might than cry at the top of
his voice: men! The Highway of
the Lord of Hosts hath appeared. The
Broad Boulevard of the Kingdom of
God is paved. Lo! Behold!"
There are many people who have left
their trails and are Walking along this
Celestial Path.
Do you not see them? Are you not
learning by their example? Open your
eyes! Look! Look! How many com-
panies of people composed of ever so
many nationalities are thronging the
Golden of the Kingdom!
They are marching on and on, and
with every step they take they come
nearer to the goal. Their path is strewn
With the lilies of love, and the hyaci-nths
of affection. In their White hands are
the harps and lyres of divine music, and
on their lips the songs of thanksgiving
and anthems of glorification. Listen!
Listen! Now they are singing in soft,
harmonious murmur and anon raise their
voices, flushed a11d inspired with rejoic-
ing and happiness. Is it not better for
thee, my brother, 1ny sister, to leave
thine own narrow trail over which is
grown thorns of dogmas and under~
brushes of creed, and Walk on this broad,
brilliantly lighted Path of the Kingdom?
Here thou Wilt enjoy the companionship
of spiritually minded men and Women
who have given up everything to serve
their God and the World of humanity.
This golden hour is slipping by; this
divine opportunity is passing away.
Avail thyself of it!
Necessity of 
of the Children
Vi-Tords of and Abdul-Baha.
Words of 
"It is decreed that every father must
educate his sons and daughters in learn-
ing and in Writing and also in that Which
hath been ordained in the Tablets. He
who neglects that Which hath been c0m~
manded (in this matter), if he is rich,
it is incumbent on the trustees (of the
House of Justice) to recover from him
the amount required for the education
of the children; otherwise if the
parent is not capable) the matter shall
devolve on the House of Justice. Verily
have made it (The House of Justice)
an asylum for the poor and needy."
Wo1"ds of Abdul-Baha.
"It is most clear and manifest that
national affairs Will never revolve around
their proper axis until the Whole people
have received instruction, and public
thought has been directed to a single
end."
"The most important of all the mat-

