STAR or THE 65
holy of holies may flame forth a.nd set
up a spiritual confiagration in the whole
of the world. You must not rest day or
night until you have breathed into this
body a new spirit and ignited a light
in this lamp."
Many of us, like Paul on the roa.d to
Damascus, have seen a great light.
\/Vhen I first heard of the Mashrak-el-
Azkar I prayed to- God for prosperity
that I might help build this glorious
temple. Since then I have walked the
way to Damascus. I have seen a new
light. I have lea.rned that the way is
to pray for the prosperity of the whole
world. I pray that this spiritual fire
of God's Holy Spirit may go- forth over
the world burning away all human ig-
norance and limitations, that it may
burn in us as in the apostles of old until
we go forth with such spirituality that
the material things vanish before our
eyes, and we set men's hearts afiame
With the fire which has descended upon
us from heaven. Then shall we trans-
mit to the people of our age that spirit
of the new birth which shall of a truth
build the Temple of the Lord.
Mr. Lunt: When Abdul-Baha was
in America he spoke of various centers
for the diffusion of the light of univer-
sal brotherhood and peace. One of those
of which he spoke most often was Green
Acre. Mrs. Fraser-Chamberlain Will
speak to us of the plans for spiritual
conferences this summer at Green Acre.
Mrs. Fraser-Chamberlain: Green
Acre has always been an open Forum for
the free presentation of universal ideas.
May it never be narrowed to any one
cult or sect. We as Bahais must help
to make it more and more universal and
spiritually free until it finds the liberty
of the sons of God.
Let me read you some of Abdul-
Baha's words concerning Green Acre:
"In Green Acre you must concentrate
your forces around the all-important
investigation of reality. Ex-
pend all your thoughts on this, that the
union 0-f opinions and expressions may
be obtained-.
"If the circle of the activities of
Green Acre be expanded so that each
year the leaders of every religion and
thought may associate with each other
with perfect lo-Ve and amity there will
be good results.
"Personal ambitions must be thrown
to the winds and all the available will-
power directed toward the realization of
the universal objects. If you outline
such a practical, universal, all-inclusive
program and then invite me I will come
again to Green Acre."
Green Acre is the place to discuss a
plan of such universal spiritual teaching.
Let us come to Green Acre and do it this
summer. As Abdul~Baha said in New
York' in 1912:
desire to make manifest among the
friends of America a new light, that
they may become a new people and that
a new foundation shall b-e established,
that concord and harmony may be real-
ized, for the foundation of 
'is love.
"When you go to Green Acre, you
must have infinite love for each other,
each one preferring the other before him-
self. The people must be so attracted to
you that they will exclaim, 'What hap-
piness exists among youl'; that the peo-
ple may see in your faces, the lights of
the Kingdom; that the people may won-
der at it all, and will turn to inquire the
cause of your happiness. You must give
the message through action and deed, not
alone through word. Word must be
coupled with deed. You must love your
friends better than yourself--yes, be
willing to sacrifice yourselves.
"The Cause of has not
yet appeared in this country.
desire that you be ready to sacri-
gfice everything for one another, even. life
itself; then, I will know that the Cause
of has been established.

