STAR OF THE WEST 137
save through the transforming power of
faith. For faith is the solvent fo-r every
problem."
For the establishment of universal
peace, we need an International Board
of Arbitration, composed of representa-
tives from all the nations of the earth.
This Board Would decide upon questions
of boundaries, of national honor and
property, the size of armaments for each
government, and all questions of an in-
ternational and justiciable nature, hav-
ing the backing of the united powers
to make its rulings effective. Together
they would furnish an international po-
lice force. Most of the battleships should
be turned into a mighty merchant ma-
rine. "If so great a remedy would be
applied to the sick body of the World,
it would certainly be the means of con-
tinually and permanently healing its ill-
ness by the conciliation of universal
moderation. Reflect that, under such
conditions of life, no Government would
need to prep-are and accumulate War ma-
terials, or would need to pay heed to
the invention of new weapons of de-
fense for the vexation and hurt of man-
kind. On the contrary they would re-
quire only a few soldiers, as a means of
assuring' the safety of the state
and punishing the Wicked and re-
bellious and preventing the growth
of civil sedition. Not more than
these few would be needed. In the
first place, therefore, the servants of God
is to say, all the inhabitants of a
state--Would be freed from bearing the
burden of the tremendous expense of an
army; in the second, the many persons
who now devote their lives to the inven-
tion of fresh instruments of War would
no longer Waste their time on such Work,
which but encourages ferocity and
bloodthirstiness, and is repugnant to the
universal ideal of humanity. On the con-
trary, they Would then employ their nat-
ural gifts in the cause of the general
well-being and would contribute towards
the peace and salvation of mankind. All
the rulers of the world Will then be set-
tled on peaceful thrones amid the glory
of a perfect civilization, and all the na-
tions and peoples will rest in the cradle
of peace and comfort."
EDUCATION
"The most important of all matters in
question, and that with which it is most
specially necessary to deal effectively, is
the promotion of education. And no
freedom or salvation could be imagined
in the case of any nation which had not
progressed in this greatest and most im-
portant point; just as the greatest cause
of degradation and decadency of every
nation is bigotry and ignorance." "An-
other characteristic of progress consists
in the earnest and sincere development
of public education, in the teaching of
all the useful sciences and in encourag-
ing the people to adopt the modern in-
ventions, in extending the spheres of
arts and commerce, and endeavoring to
induce them to adopt the methods by
Which the country may be enriched."
"If necessary, make this (education)
even compulsory, for not until the veins
and tendons of the nation stir with life,
will any study and adoption of improve-
ments be of any avail, because the nation
is like unto the body, zeal and resolution
are like unto the soul, so that the soul-
less body cannot move."
"In the scheme of human life, the
teacher and his system of teaching plays
the most important role, carrying with
it the heaviest responsibilities and most
subtle influence. A teacher is like unto
a gardener. Just as a gardener sows the
seeds and Watches carefully over their
sprouting, looks after their growth and
also a teacher must
watch over the education of the children
and inculcate in their young lives the
highest ideals of truth and justice."
BArmfo'nLAH Writes (in the Kitab-eh
Alcdas) "The first obligation of all the
Bahais is to strive by all means to bring
up and instruct their children, male or
female. The girls are like the boys;
there is no diiference. Ignorance in both

