STAR OF THE WEST 135
look; prepare it for my Manifesta-
tion." (Hidden Words of 
LLAH.)
Thus the first and fundamental, and
most difficult step toward the establish-
ment of the new social is a
change of heart in man.
And to effect this change in conscience
the Bahais are today striving with all
the power of their spiritual enthusiasm
and Wisdom. The result is already a
multitude of men a11d women in many
lands, and of many races who have been
reborn of the spirit and united by the
fire of the love of God into a world-wide
spiritual brotherhood.
But the Bahais are also presenting to
the world certain great principles of
social reconstruction. Part of these
principles are general and fundamental;
some are very specific--a clean cut pro-
gram of social laws for a new social
order.
These principles include: The oneness
of all humanity, a universal language,
universal peace, education, the House of
Justice, specific laws.
THE ONENESS OF ALL HUMANITY
The world is perishing through lack
of the spiritual realization of the Father-
hood of God and the brotherhood of
man. Therefore addressed
the world as follows: "Ye are all leaves
of one tree and the fruits of one branch."
Witli the full realization of this one
principle the shackles of capitalism, in-
dustrialism, and militarism will be
broken down and mutual helpfulness and
co-operation, the cornerstones of econom-
ic freedom, will be laid. In a talk
given April 14, 1912, in New York city,
Abdul-Baha said: "Today the world of
humanity is in need of international
unity and conciliation. This great
foundation needs a propelling power to
spread these principles. It is self-evi-
dent that unity of the human world and
the Most Great Peace cannot be accom-
plished through material means. It can-
not be established through political
power," for the political interests of na-
tions are various and the policies of peo-
ples are divergent and conflicting. It
cannot be founded through racial or pa-
triotic power, for these are human pow-
ers, selfish and weak. The very nature
of racial diiferences and patriotic prej-
udices prevents the realization of this
unity and agreement. Therefore it is
established that the promotion of the
oneness of the kingdom of humanity,
which is the essence of the teachings of
the holy Manifestations of God, is im-
possible except through. the power spirit-
ual and the breaths of the Holy Spirit."
There was a time in the history of the
world when the family tie was the great-
est unit. Out of this grew the common
interest of the community, and later as
the circle widened the people became
united as a nation. Thus the keynote
of the last century was nationalism; but
now a. new and higher ideal -has been
given to the world by 
internationalism or humanitarianism.
"Let not a. man glory in this that he
loves his country; let him rather glory
in this that he loves his kind." All
problems are world problems and a solu-
tion must needs be based upon this
fundamental truth, the oneness of all
mankind.
A UNIVERSAL LANGUAGE
For the establishment of this principle,
a common auxiliary language is of para-
mount importance as it will facilitate
the intercourse of all peoples and bring
about an understanding and interchange
of their ideas. Upon this matter Abdul-
Baha said in Paris that "An interna-
tional congress should be formed, con-
sisting of delegates from every nation in
the world, Eastern as well as Y\Test-ern.
This congress should form a language
that could be acquired by all, and every
country would thereby reap great ben-
efit.
"Until such a language is in use, the
world will continue to feel the vast need
of this means of intercourse. Difference

