54 STAR OF
when the smoke has subsided men shall
begin to see it with clear and joyous
vision.
A friend from Canada voiced the one-
ness of the world of humanity in so
wonderful a way that one might Well
have thought our beloved Abdul-Baha
was using this wonderful soul to convey
a message to the convention. "We are
one in purpose," she declared. "It is
such happiness to know that we are all
one, one in origin, one in destiny." This
message was realized in spirit and in
truth. A H.ebrew from Pittsburgh, one
of the children of Abraham, expressed
wonder and admiration at the power of
attraction. If thoughts of the Mashrak-
el-Azkar could produce such a gather-
ing, what marvels would the completed
structure accomplish'? He seemed to
catch the vision of universal freedom and
although it was his first address, spoke
like a veteran in service. A voice from
the far South told with rude eloquence
of the sowing of seed and the growing
illumination of that region. From the
Pacific coast came reports of high faith
and noble courage. Thus from many as-
semblies voices were raised, "not feeble
nor lamenting," but pitched in the key
of triumphant faith. It is this spirit that
moved the in Persia to the
sacrifice of lives. Now it. focuses the
thoughts and energies of the friends of
God upon the building of his temple in
this his Greatest Day. Many proofs of
devotion were thus realized. The pre-
siding officer served with great wisdom,
allowing the meeting to follow that
guidance which he himself sought and
found. Thus the various notes were
blended in a mighty chorus of harmony
like the music of the Supreme Gon-
course.
The first session of the convention was
in the evening followed by t'he third ses-
sion of the Congress over which Mrs.
Theron C. Rice-Wray of Detroit, Mich.,
presided. The audience was large, com-
pletely filling the hall, which the archi-
THE WEST
tecture, the arrangement of lights and
the variegated perfumes of plants and
flowers combined to make most beauti-
ful. The chairman announced as the
subject of the evening, "The Oneness of
the World of Humanity,' and read from
the words of Abdul-Baha as follows:
addresses himself to- the
world of men, saying, 'Ye are all the
leaves of one Tree, and the fruits of one
Arbor.' That is, the world of existence
is no other than one tree and the nations
or peoples are like unto 'the different
branches or limbs thereof, and human
individuals are similar to the fruits and
blossoms thereof."
Louis G. Gregory spoke on "The In-
terdependence o-f Individuals, Nations
and Races." He began by saying,
"These meetings of the past few days
bear eloquent testimony to the coming
oneness of the world of humanity.
Never has music been sweeter nor have
voices telling of realities been more
eloquent.
In conclusion he pointed out the great
law: Pride is a cause of discord,
while humility is conducive to harmony
and peace. The highest expression of
humility is service to God and man.
Only the divine educator who sets the
example can restore the lost virtue of
humility through which the kingdom of
God will be firmly established in the
hearts of men.
Mr. George O. Latimer, of Portland,
Ore., spoke on "The Srolution of Eco-
nomic Difficulties.' He said, "Natural
civilization is the lamp. Divine civiliza-
tion is the light. Universal peace will
bring a readjustment of financial rela-
tions. Economic peace can then be
realized. Specific laws for the solution
of economic difficulties are revealed in the
Baha.i teachings." He presented these
laws in detail. He showed ho-w BAHA-
has exalted labor until he has
given it the station of worship.
He concluded with two quotations from
Abdul-Baha: "Divine civilization is a

