166 STAR OF THE WEST
behalf, to each and all the friends.
Should We enjoy life after this War, We
shall correspond With all the believers.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
We hope and pray that this sad and
dreadful war Will soon come to an end
and the doors of life and a new order
of mutual relations appear. Please
gi've my sincere greetings to all.
Ever sincerely yours,
Ahmad.
Haifa, Syria, October 11, 1916.
Miss A. Boylan,
New York City.
My dear Bahai sister:
A tablet has been revealed by Abdul-
Baha in your name, the translation of
Which is as follows:
To the maid-servant of God, Miss A.
Boylan--Upon her be greeting and
praise!
thou who art firm in the Covenant!
Although it is a long time that I have
not Written a letter to that steadfast
one in the Testament, still thou art ever
before the sight and never forgotten.
and then letters are being received
from those friends that, praise be to
God, they are engaged in service and
are holding in their hands the candle of
guidance, dispelling the darkness of
superstitions and doubts. Convey to the
dear daughter, Mrs. Krug, my respect-
ful greeting. Some time ago I Wrote
her a brief note. It is hoped that her
illumined meeting is still continued and
the maid-servants of the Merciful gather
in that assembly and are occupied in the
commemoration of I-Iis Highness, the
Almighty, are engaged in the establish-
ment of unity and concord. Those days
that meetings were held in her home and
I used to present myself there and
talk with the friends of God shall never
be forgotten.
Upon thee and upon her be greeting
and praise!
(Signed) Areas.
Forty days I had the privilege to
spend with Abdul-Baha in Tiberias. I
Wish there was space to relate for your
benefit at least a little of our holy and
spiritual experiences, but this pleasure
must be given up for the present.
Enough to say that I had a most Won-
derful time and now that We have re-
turned, Abdul-Baha's health is quite im-
proved. This Was our second trip to
Tiberias; you have the description of
the first one and you shall have the sec-
ond one, only this time there was an
added interest to our journey because
instead of traveling by railroad We drove
in carriage, stopped two nights in Naza-
reth a.nd saw that blessed and holy town.
All along that heavenly journey Abdul-
Baha spoke and I have faithfully
treasured his etherial Words of love and
peace. Please convey my faithful greet-
ing to the friends and tell them their
thoughts and prayers are much appre-
ciated. Our only joy in these days is
to think about their faith and services.
Ever your sincere brother,
Ahmacl.
Haifa, Syria, October 12', 1916.
Dr, Pauline Barton-Peeke,
Cleveland, Ohio.
My dear sister in the Cause of God:
Some time ago your kind and spirit-
ual letter Was received and its inspir-
ing contents read vvith great pleasure
and happiness. Abdul-Baha Was most
glad to know that the friends in Cleve-
land are enkindled With the fire of the
love of God and firm in the Covenant
of the Merciful Abdul-Baha hopes that
your home may ever be the nest for
the birds of sanctity, that from it,

