STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES ,4 YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post office at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add sufficient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! ms IS cool
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the fi_rst paper _of_ the
Bflhais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshaltable, become the_ob1ect of the attentlon
of the friends and the center of the generosity oi the leaders of the iaith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of_the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena, will become vast and spacious and thy VOICE and fame be raised and become world-w1de--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper oi the world of humanity. Yet all these _depend upon firmness, firmness,
firnmess! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Arms.
vs. v11 Asma 1, 72 (August 1, 1916) jg N0. 8
Greetings the New Year and
the New Spring
Haifa, Syria, March 21, 1916.
New Year 's Day.
To the Editors, STAR or THE WEST,
Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
My dear spiritual friends:
The great astronomer Flammarion
says somewhere in his book: "Should
not the real renewal of the year coin-
cide with the awakening of nature, with
the spring of the terrestrial hemisphere
occupied by the greater portion of hu-
manity, with the date of March 21st?
Should not the months he equalized and
their names modified"! Why should we not
follow the beautiful evolution dictated
by the sun and b-y the movement of our
planet? But! our poor earth may roll
on a long time yet before its inhabitants
will become reasonable."
Thus we observe that this wise sky-
gazer has realized the necessity of a
change in calendar-- a. change which
the ancient Persians understood and cel-
ebrated from the time of King Jam-
sheed many thousand years ago. The
21st of March, the first day of spring, is
the real beginning of the year, both
physically and spiritually. For this rea-
son the Bahais all over the world are
holding a feast of thanksgiving and
friendship. His holiness the First Point
has given great importance to the sig-
nificance of this day and there is a chap-
ter in the book 0-f Beyan on the beauty
and merit of this universal renewal of
nature and things. Therefore, we who
are living on Mount Carmel and you who
are serving the Cause in America, today
are holding the same thoughts, are cel-
ebrating the same feast a.nd looking to-
ward the same sun. Although we are
living in latitude 30? 50' and Chicago is
near latitude 42?, yet our days and
nights are equal and we feel in our con-
stitutions the tingling blood of the new
life and the new spring.
This morning we had a beautiful meet-
ing in the house of Abdul-Baha and he
spoke to us more than an hour, and
this afternoon a glorious feast was held
on the green slope of Mount Carmel.
Beautiful and sublime it was to see
Abdul-Baha climb the holy mountain
surrounded with his tried and faithful
disciples. While he walked through the
terraced garden in front of the building
and. watched the blue sea, he spoke on
the graces of the Lord who has protected
us and guarded us from all evils and
misfortunes. Truly this is one of the
special bounties of the Blessed Perfec-

