STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations: that all nations shall become one in
faith and ali men as brothers; that the bonds of afiection and unity between the sons of men shall he strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. S0 it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VII Kudrat 1, 72 (November 4, 1916) N0. 13
The Three Realities
Address by Abdul-Baha at "The "White Lodge," Wimbledon,
England, Friday evening, January 3, 1913.
OWV beautiful it is to organize such
I I lovely gatherings that are not
based upon the puisuit of the ma-
terial principles of life! Such gatherings
belong to the study and the investigation
of spiritual facts. . . . The spirit-
ual power has gathered us togetlicr. Our
aim is to discover the realities of phe-
nomena. W8 ponder over the real-
ity of the microcosm, we discover that in
the microcosm, or the little man, there
arc deposited three realities. Man is en-
dowed With an outward or physical real-
ity. It belongs to the animal kingdom
because it has sprung out of the material
World. This side of life, or the first real-
ity, is darlmess and gloom because the
world of matter is the World of darkness.
This is the animalistic reality of man
which he shares in common with all ani-
mals.
Man, however, enjoys a second or high-
er reality which is the intellectual real-
ity that comprehends all phenomena, or
is infinite as regards the phenomena. It
is a governor, victorious over the World
of matter. It discovers and unfolds the
realities of sentient beings; it 'cxplodcs"
the laws of nature, because from a physi-
cal standpoint it is superior, above and
beyond the laws of nature.
"When we ponder over the morphology
of the human body We find that man,
like any other animal, is subject to the
laws of nature. All creation is the cap-
tive of nature; it 'cannot deviate one
hair's breadth from the mandates of
nature. For example, the fire is circum-
scribed and limited Within the boundar-
ies of the laws of nature and it cannot
transcend any laws laid down by nature.
This globe of ours is the captive of the
postulates of nature 5 it cannot deviate
one hair 's breadth from the laws of na-
ture. All the stellar bodies in this in-
finite universe, notwithstanding their
colossal size, cannot deviate from the laws
laid down for their coursings by nature;
they are the prisoners of natulie; they
cannot go out of the circle or the cir-
cumference which is allowed for their
journeyings. The great shoreless sea is
the prisoner of nature. The vegetable
kingdom in its entirety is a captive of
nature. The animal kingdom is a captive
of nature. All this will show you that
the-sc phenomena cannot go beyond the
limits set by nature. Likewise man, as
far as his first reality or his physical
life is concerned, is also a prisoner of
nature.
But the reasonable or intellectual real-
ity With which man is endowed enables
him to transcend the laws of physical
nature. For example, according to the
laws of nature man is a dcnizen of the
earth he must Walk upon the earth, and,
because. he is born on this globe, he be-
longs to this life. This is a
regulation of nature. But man, through


