STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, 111., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post office at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 187 9.
$1.50 per year; 10 cents per: copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, U. S.A.
To personal checks please add sufficient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEVVS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.SLA. 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE Is cool
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the_ leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant. in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness!
(Signed) Anna.
.- - 1
Vol. V11 Sultan 1, 72 (January 19, 1917) N0. 17
The Teaching Campaign--News from the South
"Fifteen thousand were reached directly"
Extract from a letter by Louis Gregory
'Washington, D. C.,
December 17, 1916.
The veils are everywhere being lifted
and the Sun of Truth is shining with
a radiance that will soon penetrate the
ends of the earth.
I arrived here Friday morning and
am very happy over the journey, which
gave wonderful opportunities and priv-
ileges for service. Since I last Wrote
vou, Jackson and Nashville, Tenn,
T-ouisville, Lincoln and Lexington, Ky,
and Charleston, W. Va., were visited,
in all of which addresses were made
and hearty responses found in re-
ceptive hearts. The Ministers' Alliance
at Louisville passed a. vote of thanks. In
the entire journey probably more than
fifteen thousand were reached directly,
most of t-hem students, representing
many sections and communities. Less
than half a dozen persons in all raised
the voice of opposition. Almost without
except-ion in the places visited were
souls ready to receive all that could be
told them about Baha.'o'llah and Abdul-
Baha. Am returning to Charleston, S.
G., to deliver the Emancipation Day ad-
dress, January 1. This will be an oppor-
tunity to tell them of real freedom.
I hope, God willing, that in the future
my affairs can be so arranged as to give
more time to service of this kind (the
opportimities seem limitless). The num-
ber of institutions in the south that can-
not be reached must be very small.
May God render you victorious, my
brother, in every effort! This is my
prayer. Ever yours,
L-ouis G. Gtegory.

