56 STAR or run 
ter, has rendered great service in Japan
through her knowledge of Esperanto and
is anxious that it be taken up b-y the
Bahais of the United States in order that
they may be in -closer touch with their
fellow-workers in Europe and the East."
The chairman read "The nine proofs
upon which the coming of the Great
Master is based," quoting the words of
Abdul-Baha:
1. That Great Master will be the edu-
cator of the world of humanity.
2. His teachings must be universal
and confer illumination upon human
kind.
3. His knowledge must be innate and
spontaneous, and not acquired.
4. He must answer the questions of
all the sages, solve all the difficult prob-
lems of humanity and be able to with-
stand all the persecutions and sufferings
heaped upon him.
5. He must be a joy-bringer and the
herald of the kingdom of happiness.
6. His knowledge must be infinite and
his Wisdom all-comprehensive.
7. The penetration of his wo-rd and
the potency of his influenc'e must be so
gr-eat as to humble even his worst
enemies.
8. Sorrows and tribulations must' not
vex him. His courage and conviction
must be God-like. Day unto day he must
become firmer and more zealous.
9. He must be the establisher of uni-
versal civilization, the unifier of relig-
ions, the standard-bearer of universal
peace, and the embodiment of all the
highest and noblest virtues of the world
of humanity. Whenever you find these
conditions realized in a human temple,
to him look for guidance and illumina-
tion."
Dr. Frederick W. D'Evelyn, of San
Francisco, was introduced to .speak on
the "Coming of the Great Master." He
test-ified~ With intense earnestness to "the
penetrative power in the arteries of the
world," which is the power of the Cov-
enant. The great spiritual manifestation
of God hath appeared. His command is
manifested and his Covenant revealed.
In this power "rest assuredl Be confi-
dent! The doors: of the kingdom are
opened. The s-un of truth is shining
upon the world. The fountains of life
are flowing! The day springs of mercy
have appeared!"
~"This power is the source of all life,
and the oneness of the wo-rld of human-
ity is thereby established. This oneness
or unity does no-t imply' the absolute
equality of mankind and the obliteration
of all ranks based upon capacity. But
the crown of humanity rests upon the
heads of all. All are partakers of the
divine bounty. All share the divine pro-
tection. All are invited to the table upon
which the heavenly manna is spread. All
are brothers: and the purest heart is that
most acceptable to God." In heralding
the Covenant he seemed under divine
confirmation. His eloquence flowed with
irresistible force and aroused great
enthusiasm. 
The last speaker was M. Eshte'a1 Ebn
Kalanter, who spoke on "The Equality
of Men and Women." He began his
philosophical address by a few' pleasan-
tries which relieved the tensity caused by
the occasion and were appreciated by the
audience. 'He then spoke of how Abdul-
Baha has compared the sexes to the two
Wings of a bird. As a bird cannot so-ar
with one wing, so man "s development de-
pends upon woman's and woman's upon
man In reality, if there is any differ-
ence it is in favor of women. The re-
sponsibilities of her position in the nur-
turing and training of children make
her education more essential than man 
In the spiritual world man owes also a
deep debt of gratitude to woman, for to
her is due his first impulse and incentive
to love. This attraction is a. ray of the
divine love which is universal."

