194- STAR OF THE WEST
freedom of "the immensity of the king-
dom." On April 12th she wrote to Miss
Hiscox: 'Little by little I am seeing
all the reasons why many things are as
they are and the lessons I have to learn
thereby. I am sure until the last day of
our lives we will be learning lessons, for
this world is a sch-ool, from which we
graduate only when we leave it. I shall
be so glad when the last day comes, and
the school is forever (so far as I am con-
cerned) dismissed. His will, not mine,
be done!"
The lessons of the earth-world she
learned beautifully in those last days of
illness and trial. As Miss Hiscox says,
her sufiering "had a purifying influence
upon her and seemed to burn away all
the dross and to leave her pure gold.
She had only love and forgiveness for
all." She saw that every experience
had been for the best. Like an angel
ready to enter the kingdom of light, she
turned her face, "a few day-s before her
departure," to the picture of the Center
of the Covenant, which hung on the wall,
and said, with tears in her eyes but with
manifest firmness: "All I want to do
is his will and to be severed from ought
else save God."
ii?
HENRY L. eoonmon.
Oct. 8, 184A--May 15, 1916.
After an illness of much suffering for
three weeks, our beloved friend and
brother, Mr. Henry L. Goodale, of Keno-
sha, I/Viscoiisin, passed away most peace-
fully, realizing that he was going to join
the Heavenly Concourse and meet his
Glorious Lord.
He was among the first to receive the
Message in America. and a member of
the original House of Spirituality in Chi-
cargo. Many of the friends there recall
the happy hours spent with "Pa Good-
ale," in his little shoe shop. His love
and wise counsel was freely given to all.
Later he removed to Kenosha. He was
beloved by all who knew him or had any
dealings with him in business; sincere in
the Cause of Baha'o'1lah, b-oth in his
daily life and by teaching whenever the
opportunity offered.
He attended, with his devoted wife,
the Convention in San Francisco last
year, where he made himself beloved as
always. At the wonderful Feast of El-
R-izwan, held in the beautiful home of
Mrs. Goodall, the talk he gave melted
every heart and tears came to the eyes.
Everyone instinctively felt that the
breezes of the Love of God surrounded
him.
Fannie G. Lesch.
MIRZA ALI AKBAR.
On Saturday, June 10, 1916, in the
Post-Graduate Hospital, New York City,
where he had lain ill. for many weeks,
the pure and beautiful spirit of our Ba-
hai brother, Mirza Ali Akbar, of Tabriz,
Persia, ascended to the supreme home.
A Bahai service was held the following
Tuesday night and Wednesday morning.
Isabella D. Brittingham.
CHARLES E. BRUSH.
Charles E. Brush, born March 17, 1855,
at Carbondale, passed away in Chi-
cago, October 3O, 1916. Mr. Brush was
an architect of high standing and left
many monuments attesting his fine abil-
ity, among which near at home is the
DeKalb Normal School, which is con-
sidered a model for that type of school,
and also the Court House at Sycamore.
Mr. Brush loved his profession and
was a man of high ideals and fine in-
tegrity. He appreciated merit wher-
ever he found it, and always stood ready
to assist those who were worthy either
as workmen or as men.
Mr. Brush was a son of the late Col.
D. H. Brush, who was a public spirited
man and who figured largely in the his-
tory of Southern Illinois. He leaves to
mourn his loss a widow, Ida Flemming
Brush, whois an earnest follower of the
Bahai teachings and intensely interested
in the Cause.

