174 STAR OF THE WEST
constant communication, and I suppli-
cated to the Kingdom of Abha that you
might' be protected and preserved.
Although the unrests of the world are
limitless and boundless, my hope is 11ev-
ertheless that they may end and the dark
clouds disappear from the ho-rizon of the
universe and that the sun of peace and
unity may shine above all horizons.
We must under no circumstances be
prevented from praying and the men-
tioning of God. We must always: be en-
raptured with the fire of the love of
God, be attracted by His Knowledge and
Progress of the Cause in
It was suggested that when, in com-
pliance with your request, we forward-
ed to you particulars of the Bahai As-
sembly in Bournemouth, we should also
give you some cheering news of the "ma-
jestic progress of the Cause of God" in
this beautiful seaside town.
The origin and growth of the Move-
ment here is mainly associated with Dr.
J. E. Esslemont of Southbourne, who,
after intimate investigation of the Truth
as embodied in the Bahai Revelation,
started, some eighteen months ago, to de-
liver a -series of addresses and lectures
at various Adult Schools, Brotherhood
Associations, and the lo-cal Theosophical
Society. His clear and closely-reasoned
expositions of the teachings resulted in
sufiicient interest being aroused for a
special public meeting to be held, at
which Mrs. F. George of Chelsea was
also a speaker.
The Cause then continued to develop
by means of regular weekly gatherings
for study and discussion, prefaced by a
friendly cup of tea. And to some of us
these little meetings will ever remain a
hallowed and joyful memory.
During the summer of 1915 Mrs.
George paid us a visit; a series
of private talks and addresses were
given; earnestly and patiently the sow-
ing of the seed went on.
be heralds of His Words, so that His
invisible confirmations like unto the
breeze of dawn, become the cause of
spiritual life.
Pray then, that the universe may be-
come a new universe and this dark world
a. world of light.
Convey my greatest love and affection,
greetings and praise to all the friends.
Upon ye all be greetings and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
(Revealed to Mrs. Alice Schwarz,
Stuttgart; translated by Mirza Azizollah
Khan S. Bahadur, July 6, 1916.)
Bournemouth, England
In the autumn a small room was rent-
ed a.t Cromwell Hall, Southbourne and
public Sunday evening services began.
It seemed a bold step to take. The
nights were dark and stormy and the
severe lighting restrictions made travel-
ing difficult. The congregation varied
considerably, now swelling to as many
as fifteen, anon dwindling to a faithful
two. But "this is a Day wherein the
gems of steadfastness must appear from
the mine of man"--so We persevered.
VVeek by week the Glad Tidings were
proclaimed; over and over again the
story of the Great Coming had to be re-
counted; slowly our attendance, our
faith and understanding increased.
About the same time a Sunday School
was formed with the happy nucleus of
three. Today the scholars number five
times three. Bahai are sung,
some of the prayers chanted and the
Message finds glad respons-e i11 child
hearts.
The following summer again brought
us Mrs. George, whose beautiful and
convincing presentation of the Truth
has been us-ed to attract many a seeking
soul and has proved a source of inspira-
tion and strength to us all.
After a while we found it necessary
to remove into more spacious quarters.
And we rejoice to realize that our assem-

