 or THE wasr 89
them from darkness and bring them
into the world of light.
It is also recorded in the blessed Gos-
pel: Travel ye throughout the world
and c-all ye the people to the Kin-gclom
of God. Now this is the time that you
may arise and perform this most great
service a.nd become the cause of the
guidance of the innumerable- souls.
Thus through this superhuman service
the rays of peace and conciliation may
illumine and enlighten all the regions
and the World of humanity may find
peace and composure.
During my stay in America I cried
out in every meeting and summoned the
people to' the propagation of the ideals
of universal peace. I said plainly that
the continent of Europe had become -like
unto an arsenal and its conflagration was
dependent upon one spark, and that in
the coming years, or within two years,
all that which is recorded in the Revela-
tion of John and the Book of Daniel
Would become fulfilled and come to pass,
This matter, in all probability, was pub-
lished in the San Francisco Bulletin,
October 12, 1912. You may refer to it,
so that the truth may become clear and
manifest; thus ye may fully realize that
this is the time for the diffusion of the
fragrances.
The magnanimity of man must be
heavenly--or, in other words, it must
be assisted by the divine confirmation,
so that he may become the cause of the
illumination of the World of humanity.
Upon ye be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
at Haifa, Syria, April 26, 1916.
Original addressed to Mrs. Helen S.
Goodall, San Francisco, Ca.lif., care J.
H. Hannen, Washington, D. C. Re-
ceived August 8, 1916.
TABLET TO THE DOMINION OF CANADA
To the believers of God and the maid-
servants of the Merciful in the Prov-
inces of the Dominion of Canada:
ye daughters and sons of the King-
dom!
Although in most of the states and
cities of the United States--praise be
to fragrances of God are dif-
fused and innumerable souls are turning
their faces and advancing toward the
Kingdom of God, yet in some of the
states the flag o-f oneness is not upraised
as it ought to be and must be, and the
mysteries of the Holy Books, like the
Bible, the Gospel and the Koran, are
not promulgated. Through the unani-
mous effort of the friends, the banner
of oneness must be unfurled in those
states, and the divine teachings be pro-
moted, so that they may also receive a
portion and a share of the heavenly be-
stowals and the most great guidance.
Likewise in the Provinces of Canada,
such as Newfoundland, Prince Edward
Island, Nova. Scotia, New Brunswick,
Quebec, Ontario, Manitoba, Saskatche-
wan, Alberta, British Columbia, Un-
gava, Keewatin, Mackenzie, Yukon and
the Franklin Islands in the Arctic Cir-
believers of God must become
self-sacrificing and like unto the candles
of guidance become ignited in the prov-
inces of Canada. Should they show
forth such a magnanimity, it is assured
that they will obtain universal divine
confirmations, the heavenly cohorts will
reinforce them uninterruptedly, and a
most great victory will be obtained. Per-
chance, God willing, the call of the King-
dom may reach the ears of the Eskimos,
the inhabitants of the Islands of Frank-
lin in the north of Canada, as well as
Greenland. Should in Greenland the fire

