STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIJPIES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn. Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post ofl-Ice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
7 perjydaif; lil 7 
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEVVS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U. S.A.
To personal checks please add sufficient to cover the bank exchange.
_Acldress all communications to BAHAI NEWS SEEVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, U.S. A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS con!
Be thou happy! Bc thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_1s small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshal-gable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will he raised and become world-wide--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness!
(Signed) AanasVol.'VIl ll/flassa'ul 1, 72 (December 12, 1916) No. 15
The Teaching Campaign-"Selections from
the Words oi Abdul-Baha
Extract from the Diary of Mi-rzo Akmozcl Sch-rob, February
Ze, 1914.
Extract from a Tablet: thou niaidservant of God! The penetration of
the Word of man depends upon the heat of the fire of the Love of God. The
more the splendors of the Love of God become manifest in the heart, the greater
will be the penetration of the 'W?ord."
"lords of "Any undertaking by the believers of God and
which directly or indirectly helps the promotion of the Cause, and the diffusion
of Brotherhood between the East and the W'est, is commendable. This is the
Standard."
THIS Bahai Cause is in the
A nascent stage and its basic doc-
trines are universal, uniformity
of rules and forms are not only imposi-
sible but undesirable.
A Bahai teacher is a. Constructionist.
He avails himself of the unimpaired ma-
terials in the past religions, reinforces
the faith of the inquircr by simply hold-
ing before his path a greater and
brighter light.
He has come not to destroy but to
build. The inquirer will discard the
superannuated and unnecessary rituals
of his former religion along the road of
his search.
The teacher holds aloft the fiambeau
of truth, and little by little the darkness
vanishes. The teacher before attempting
to take hold of the search light of Truth
must learn two lessons :~First, the art
of manipulation, and second, the inflexi-
bility of the Will.
Just as the searchlight revolves around
its axis on its hightower, sending forth
into dark space a continuous stream of
White, piercing light, so also the teacher
must learn how to manipulate the search-
light of TI'uth--so as to scatter not only
the forces of spiritual clorlmess, but men-
tal, intellectual, social, physical, Cl'7'lCl
economic darkness as Well.
A teacher is a physician. A physician
does not give the same kind of medicine

