82 STAR OF
Abdul-Baha answered: "Europe and
other countries will be compelled to ap-
ply the same order that you have. In
all Europe great changes will take place.
Their" states will be independent, ruled by
local governments. Indeed it is not just
that a country should be ruled by one
central government, because no matter
how just and good the members of that
center may be, they are not fully
acquaint-ed with the necessary details of
other localities and cities, and they do
not strive for an equal progress in all the
regions of the country. For example:
Now all the Germans serve Berlin; all
the French serve Paris; all the English
kingdoms and colonies adorn London.
But your government has a good po-
litical order."
Someone asked about the economic
question.
Abdul-Baha answered: "America can-
not be compared with Europe. The
problems of America in comparison to
those of Europe are as nothing. One
of the problems of Europe is to maintain
a great army. All the French and Ger-
man nations are soldiers. But you are
free from this great calamity. You must
thank God for saving you. In the in-
terior of America there is protection and
safety. The first banner of peace will
rise here. Know for a certainty that
this will come to pass. For man knows
the result from the beginning. The re-
sult will be that the peace which you
have here among your people will, from
here, be spread to other regions."
Someone else asked regarding election
and whether the country should be ruled
by the people or by the wise ones among
the people.
Abdul-Baha answered: "It is evident
that it is better if the people elect the
noble ones among them, and then these
elect the president of the republic. That
is to say, the president should be the
elect of the elect, because t'he public in
general are not as Well informed as they
THE VVEST
should be in rega.rd to political affairs.
The common people follow iame. In
reality, whatever affair the wise people
desire to execute, the common people
agree to. The affairs should be in the
hands of the wise and not of the com-
mon people. But the wise people must
be in the utmost faithfulness and sin-
cerity of purpose they must serve all the
people, and protect and safeguard their
Welfare. Consider, if you put the gen-
eral affairs into the hands of the com-
mon people they will be ruined. If you
put all the work into the hands of
the laborer the house will not be built.
A Wise architect is needed. The work is
ddne by the architect', but the common
laborer suffers the hardships. The gen-
eral draws the map of war, but the com-
mon people do the fighting. \lVe can-
not give them the ma.p. Is it possible to
leave a regiment in the hands of a sol-
dier'? But if we want to be victorious
and conquerors, a wise, experienced per-
son must be made commander."
Someone asked in regard to the ques-
tion of capital and labor.
Abdul-Baha said: "The solution of
this problem is one of the fundamental
principles of his holiness 
But it must be solved with justice and
not with force. If this problem is not
solved lovingly it will result in war.
Perfect communism and equality are an
impossibility because they would upset
the affairs and the order of the world.
But there is a. fair method which will
not leave the poor in such need, nor the
rich in such wealth. The poor and the
rich, according to their degrees, can live
happily, with ease and tranquillity. The
first person in the world who had this
idea was the king of Sparta. He sacri-
ficed his kingdom for this work. He
lived before Alexander the Great was
born. This thought came to his mind,
that he could render a service which
would be higher than all services and be-
come the cause of happiness to many.
Thus he divided the people of Sparta

