124 STAR OF
in prison, now under the chains, now
an object of threat, brought by a sword,
and finally leaving imprisonment he as-
cended from here to the heaven of God.
He endured all these hardships for our
sakes; he suffered all these deprivat-ions
for our sakes. Therefore, We must be
faithful tovvardsi him, We must not follow
the selfish desires of our fancies. We
must arise to accomplish that which is
required by the Lord.
It is my hope that you will arise to
live in accord with all these teachings
THE WESVT
and exhorta-tions, so that We may all be
strengthened in accomplishing them, so
that We may reach the paradise of the
spiritual kingdom, and diffuse the lights
of the Sun of Truth and cause the waves
of the Most Great Ocean to reach all the
souls, so that this World of earth may
be converted into the world of heaven,
this devastated ground be converted into
a delectable paradise, and this jungle of
confusion he converted into a paradise
of Abha.
j--"Tens |s THE 
The Three Realities
(Continued from page 119)
without ending. The greatest bounties
of God in this phenomenal World are his
l\/lanifestations. e. the great prophets).
They are the greatest bounty. These
Manifestations are the suns of the real-
ity. Therefore, for the appearance of
the holy divine Manifestations of God
there has been no beginning and for the
appearance of the holy divine Manifesta-
tions of God in the future there is no
ending whatsoever, because God is infin-
ite and his grace cannot be limited.
And if We ever dare to circumseribe
his grace Within certain limited spheres,
then we have as a necessity circumscribed
the reality of divinity which is a11-poWer-
ful. Therefore the perfect man ever be-
holds the rays of the sun, he ever ex-
pects the coming o-f the effulgence of God,
he ever gazes at the grace and bounties
of God, he ever ponders over the omnipo-
tent God, and he knows of a certainty
that the reality of divinity is not finite.
His names and his attributes are not
finite, his graces and bounties are not lim-
ited and the coming of the Manifesta-
tions of God are not circumscribed. This
fact is self-evident and manifest.
Those people Who have ha-rkened to
the teachings of 
Mohainmedans, Christians, Zoroastnians,
Buddhists, people have dis-
carded their past rancour and are asso-
ciating with the utmost love and unity.
Take my example and see With What de-
gree of love I am associating with you
tonight, loving you with all my heart
and soul. In the same way all those
people are living together, with the ut-
most accord and unity, to such an extent
that they are ready to sacrifice their pos-
sessions and lives for each other; and to
such an extent has the transformation
been Wrought that they are ever self-
sacrificing for each other. Were you to
enter into any (Bahai) gathering in the
Orient, it would be very hard for you
to discover who is a Christian and who is
a Jew, or who is a Zoroastrian, for they
are just like so many flames which have
become one big flame. (Applause) All
these different faiths are merging into
one great faith.
(Reprinted from The Path of Febru-
ary, 1913.)
IS THE 

