70 STAR OF
recipients of his bounties, that his names
and attributes had not been manifest-
this would mean a thorough denial of
the Divinity, for it Would mean that Di-
vinity is accidental. To put it still mo-re
clearly, if We think that fifty thousand
years one hundred thousand
years Was no creation, that
there were then no worlds, no human
beings, no thought of ours
would mean that previous to fifty thou-
sand years ago there was no Divinity.
For Were We to say that there Was a
time When there was a king but there
Were no subjects, no army, no country
for him to rule over, it would be assum-
ing that there Was a time When there Was
no king, and that the king is accidental.
So just as'the reality of Divinity is With-
out a beginning, so is creation Without
a beginning. This is as clear as the sun.
When We contemplate this machinery of
power and perceive this infinite space
and its numerous Worlds, then it Will
easily become clear to us that the lifetime
of this great creation is more than six
thousand years--nay it is very a.ncient.
But We rea.d in Genesis, in the _Old
Testament, that the lifetime of creation
is but six thousand years. Now this has
a meaning. This is not to be taken lit-
erally. For instance, it is said in the
Old Testament, in the first day such and
such a thing Was the first
day! Then the narrative shows that the
sun was not yet created! How could
We conceive of a day if there were no
sun created? For the day depends upon
the existence of the sun. While no crea-
tion of the sun Was yet made, how then
Was the first day realized? Therefore,
these things have significances other than
literal.
To be brief: my purpose is to say that
the kingdom of God, the divine sov-
ereignty, is a.n ancient sovereignty. It
is not an accidental sovereignty, and that
sovereignty presupposes the presence of
subjects, of an army, of a country; for
otherwise, the state of dominion, author-
ity and kingdom cannot be conceived of.
THE WEST
So, Were one to imagine that this crea-
tion is accidental, one Would be forced
to imagine that the Creator is accidental,
While the divine bounty is ever flowing,
and the rays of the Sun of Truth are
continuously shining. No cessation is
possible to the Divine Bounty, just as
no cessation is possible t'o the rays of the
sun. This is clear and obvious.
Thus there have been many holy Man-
ifestations of God. One thousand years
ago, two hundred thousand years ago,
one million years ago, the bounty of
God Was flowing, the radiance of God
was shining, the dominion of God was
reigning.
\/Vhy do these holy Manifestations of
God become manifest? What is the Wis-
dom of their coming? 'Vhat is the re-
sult o-btained through them? It is clear
that human personality is endowed with
two aspects. One is the aspect of its
being the image of God, a.nd the other
is the satanic aspect; and the human
reality stands between these two as-
pects--the divine and the satanic. It is
manifest that beyond this body man is
endowed With another reality, which
reality is the World of exemplars, and
which is the heavenly body of man. At
the time of speech man says: said,"
saw." "Who is this It is ob-
vious that this is different from
this body. It is clear than when man
is thinking, it is as though he were con-
sulting With some other person. Whom is
he consulting With? It is evident that
it is another reality or one aside from
this body with Whom he enters into con-
sultation When he thinks to himself, say-
ing, "Shall I do this Work or not?"
"What shall be the fruit of my doing
this?" Or when he asks the other real-
ity, "'Nhat is the harm of this Work if
I do it?" And then that reality in man
communicates to him its opinion con-
cerning the point at issue. Therefore,
that reality in man is obviously and
clearly other than this body, With which
man enters into consultation and Whose
opinion man seeks.

