150 STAR OF THE WEST
from celebrated doctor to celebrated doc-
tor, but they all fail to cure for the
power is with th-e Divine. So it is with
your soul. Yo-ur heart is pure and the
Spirit can enter therein. Gut yourself
from the world. Pray in the Greatest
Name, then the breeze of truth, the
flood o-f light will enter your searching
soul. There is nothing else to be sought
on earth or in the universe.
Yes, remain here. Your room will
have no comforts, but will be
filled with the love of God. During a
terrible storm Christ wandered on the
mountain seeking shelter; a den of wild
beasts was all he found and that Was the
beloved Son of God. All the world was
his, but no riches.
The Spirit will come to you with
increased force, for your being must be-
come as a temple in which the truth of
God can dwell.
Vtlelcome to the Kingdom of God.
Even if every moment you thanked God
a thousand times fo-r the grace of being
born in this, the most marvelous century
and for the great favor of being allowed
to rea.ch the Promised Land, even that
would not be sufficient thanks.
Your faith comes like rain; the first
drops are far between, but soon it will
pour in torrents. Your faith is also like
a seed that will bear its fruit. In a tree
We judge of its life and vigor by the way
it gro-Ws; so it is with man. The knowl-
edge of God rises in the heart like the
sun; it mounts, mounts, always casting
an immortal light.
You must be reborn by the Spirit. A
child in the matrix has eyes and ears
but only learns their use when it is born.
A man cannot comprehend the Spirit
before he has put aside things.
All the centuries are the bringing
forth of the twentieth. The deepest wish
of many great men was to live in the lat-
ter day. . . . In past times people
esteemed themselves blessed to live in the
same time as one of the saints. How
much greater is your privilege! To the
people then a candle was given, while to
you the sun.
The Spirit resembles a rivulet when
the earth fills the soul. Put away the
terrestrial and the mighty torrent of liv-
ing water will rush through your freed
body.
(Words of Abdul-Baha to Miss . . . .
..
October 19-14, 1900, on the occasion of
her visit to Acca.)
Although the life of the creature is
called life, in reality, compared to the
life of the children (of the Kingdom)
it is not life; on the contrary it is death.
For instance, a mineral substance
contains life, but this life compared to
the life of the vegetable is death; in like
manner the life o-f the vegetable com-
pared to the life of an animal is death;
in like manner the life of human beings
compared to the life of the children of
the Kingdom is death. As his majesty
Christ said: "Let the dead bury their
dead, because he who is born of the
flesh is flesh and he who is born of the
spirit is spirit."
Therefore, it is evident that life (in
its true sense) is the life of the spirit
and that life is the love of God, divine
inspiration, spiritual joys and glad tid-
ings of God. Seek, servant of God,
this life until day and night you remain
in limitless joy.
(An early Tablet.)
The life of man will at last end in
this World. We must all take out of
this life some fruit. The tree of one's
existence must bear some fruit. If a
tree has no fruit you must out it down
and burn it; it would be useless for other
purposes,
Question: "Abdul-Baha, what is the
fruit of the human tree?"
"It is the love of God; it is the love
of humankind; it is to wish good for all
the people of the earth; it is service to
humanity; it is truthfulness and honesty;
it is virtues and good morals; it is devo-

