STAR OF THE WEST 35
The Glad Tidings in ]apan
HEN the war broke out the
first of August, 1914, Miss
Agnes Alexander was in Switz-
erland. She had left her home in Hono-
lulu the previous October and had been,
as she says, "a wanderer ever since,
guided alone by Him." She hoped she
might visit the Holy Land and see the
most glorious servant of God-. -On the
twenty-first of August she received, in
Geneva, the following tablet:
To the maid-servant of God', Miss Agnes
Alexander:
Upon her be 
He is God!
thou my dear daughter!
Thy letter was received. It imparted
great happiness. Praise be to God, that
that dear daughter is sacrificing herself
in the path of and endur-
ing every difficulty.
It is no-W more advisable for thee to de-
part directly to Japan and while there
be engaged in the diffusion of the frag-
rances of God. . . .
Today the greatest of all divine be-
stowals is teaching the cause of God, for
it is fraught with confirmations. Every
teacher is confirmed and is favored at
the divine threshold. In the estima-
tion of the Ideal King, the army which
is in front of the battlefield is encircled
with the glances o-f his mercifulness and
in the sight of the Divine Farmer, the
sower of the seed is accepted and favored.
I hope that thou mayest be like unto
a realm-conquering army and a farmer.
Therefore, thy voyage to Japan is pre-
ferred to everything else. Still thou art
perfectly free.
Upon thee be Baha.-el-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABB-AS.
(August 4, 1914, Mt. Carmel, Haifa,
3yria.)
On the receipt of this commission Miss
Alexander started for Japan Where her
service has borne radiant fruit as will
appear from the following letter:
31 Nichome Fujimicho, Kudan ue,
Tokyo, Japan, March 10, 1916.
Dear Bahai friends 
This Week it'has been a very great joy
to me to receive beautiful letters from
many parts. In truth the great unity be-
tween the east and the west is growing
rapidly and We are all drawing closer to
one another.
Our weekly Friday Bahai meeting has
just closed. Every week new souls' come
and hear the Message. One of those who
came today, said he had heard of it once
before, through a journalist lady who
spoke told him it was
our Martha Root, a.nd then read from a
letter received this week from her. So we
never know when the seed will spring up.
There is a rich vineyard to work in here
in Japan, and many, many workers might
be laboring in it. I do not seek the peo-
ple out, but they continually come to
me. Four university students who can-
not come on Friday afternoon, are com-
ing on their only free afternoon, that is
SaturdayYokohama,
at an Esperantist meeting this Saturday,
they came instead last night. Such
earnest, nice young men, and so eager to
learn the truth. I loaned one of them
Abdul-B'aha's Talks in Paris. He sent it
back with these words: "Many thanks
-for your Talks in Paris. 'Strive that
your actions day by day may be beauti-
ful prayers. Turn towards God and
seek always to do that which is right and
noble.' This is Abdul-Baha's saying. I
was astonished at this, and very much
delighted. The book is a mere collection
of his sayings, but there is one Spirit
through it. . . 
(Continued on page 39)

