STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VII Asma 1, 72 (August 1, 1916) No. 8
The Need of the Great and Perfect Master
An Address by Abdul-Baha at the Theosophical Society,
Z228 Broadway, New York City, December 4, .1912
(Taken stenographically by Miss Esther Foster from the interpretation of Ish'te'a'l Ebn-Kalanter.)
BDUL-BAHA: It is my hope that
A you are all Well. It is my hope
that you are happy, that you are
in perfect health, in the utmost degree
of joy and gladness.
Ish'te'a.'l Ebn-Kalanter: The Presi-
dent of this Society Wished me to present
to you Abdul-Baha. You all know him.
He needs no introduction. I shall say
nothing.
Abdul-Baha: Those Who are unin-
formed of the world of reality, who do
not comprehend the existent beings, who
do not perceive the realities of things,
Who do not discover the real mysteries
of the existent objects, and who have but
a superficial grasp of things--such per-
sons are but embodiments of pure ignor-
ance. They believe only in that which
they have heard from their fathers and
ancestors. They of themselves have no
hearing, no sight, no reason, no intellect;
they rely upon tradition. They are after
the thoughts of their fathers and fore-
bears. Such persons imagine that the
do-minion of God is an accidental do-
minion or kingdom.
For instance, they imagine that this
World of existence Was created but six
or seven thousand years ago--as though
God did not reign before this period of
seven thousand years, had no creation
before this, had no World before this.
They think that Divinity is accidental,
for to them Divinity is dependent upon
existent things, While, as a matter, of
fact, as long as there has been a God, he
has had a creation. As long as there
has been light, there have been recip-
ients of that light, for the light does not
have a manifestation unless there are
those who perceive and appreciate it.
The World of divinity presupposes crea-
tion, presupposes recipients>> of bounty,
presupposes the existence of Worlds.
No Divinity can be conceived as sep-
arate from creation, for otherwise it
would be like imagining an empire With-
out a people. A king must needs have
a kingdom, must needs have an army,
must needs have subjects. Is it possible
to be a king and have no country, no
army, no subjects? This is an absurdity.
\Vere We to say that there Was a time
when there was no country, no army,
and. no subjects, how then could there
be a king, a ruler? For a king must
needs have a country, an army and sub-
jects.
Consequently, just as the reality of
Divinity has no is, God
has ever been the Creator, God has ever
been the Provider, God has ever been a
Quickener, God has been a BestoWer--
so there never has been a time when
the attributes of God have not had
expression. The su11 is the sun because
of its rays, because of its heat. Wrere
We to conceive of there ever having been
a time when there was heat, no would
imply and prove that there had been no
sun at all, and that it became the sun
afterward. So, likewise, were We to say
that there was a time when God had no
creation, had no created beings, had no

