 or THE 73
tion; otherwise, by this time, circum-
stances over which one has no control
would have thrown each one of us to
a different part of the earth. While we
prayed at the threshold of the tomb of
the Bab, we remembered you and now
send you our sincere and heartfelt greet-
ing.
Ever your faithful servant,
Ahmad Sohrab.
To my dear brothers and sisters in the
United States of America and Canada.
My dear spiritual friends:
This is the morning of the New Year;
the sun is shining upon our planet earth
from pole to pole, nature is enchanting
and enchanted, the signs of new life, new
revelations, new unfoldment of inner
mysteries are becoming apparent every-
where; the physical world is being ren-
ovated and the joyous birds of our spir-
itual greetings are opening their white
wings to fly through the open space to-
ward the rose gardens of your hearts.
They bring to you our love and affec-
tion, our hopes and 
love which is deep, the affection which
is high, the hopes which are imperish-
able and the remembrances which are
celestial. \/Vith the believers of God I
have just come out of the Abdul-Baha's
presence. For more than an hour we
floated in that pure, ineffable atmos-
phere of divine sanctity and listened to
the joy-creating notes and 
melodies of the nightingale of the para-
dise of glory! He told me to send you
his spiritual greetings, to convey to you
his yearning saluta.tion and assure you
that his- love for each and all of you re-
mains constant and invariable. prays
at the holy threshold that the coming
years may bring you many blessings, that
you may ever and all through the year
live in the line of the spiritual 
thus receiving the direct rays of the Sun
every day, and all your days be complete.
He hopes that you may be the means
of bringing all the people who live in
the complete darkness of the Arctic cir-
cles of ignorance and dwell in the frozen
countries of the frigid zones of supersti-
tions, to this equatorial line of illumina-
tion and enlightenment. He desires that
you may be counted amongst those peo-
ple who travel always with the sun, and
have it always shining over your heads;
traveling from west to east you
will always gain one day--this is one
spiritual day--you will be ahead of other
nations and peoples, you will lead them
in spirituality, in attraction, in enkindle-
ment', in the knowledge of God, in the
love of humanity, in philanthropic activ-
ities and glorious, heart-throbbing ideals.
This is your sublime station, your ex-
alted destiny; sunward we must all face
that our hearts and minds may be
filled with the rays of the divine lumi-
nary of this radiant century. Men and
of and forward
from this day on to the end of our lives
and throughout all eternity. May we
ever be mirrors reflecting the effulgences
of the orb of the Covenant!
Your sincere brother,
Ahmad Solm-ab.
Abdul-- Baha at Bahajee
Haifa, Syria, April 9, 1916.
Mr. Joseph I-I. Hannen,
Washington, D. C.
My very dear brother:
Since March 22nd I have not been able
to write anything to American friends,
because on that day, in the afternoon, I
came with Abdul-Baha to Bahajee. We
are now living next to the Holy Tomb,
and have a most ideal time with Abdul-
Baha. This is the nineteenth day of
our stay in this most blessed spot, and
we may continue to stay for a longer
time than We expected on our arrival.
Our days are spent most quietly, retired
wholly from the world and its mad and

