64- STAR OF
THE WEST
The Session, Tuesday, May 
All joined in singing Mr. Edward
Kinney International Anthem. Then
a.ll prayed together for the friends who
Were lying ill. At the close of the
prayer Mr. and Mrs. Ober chanted with
glorious melody and exalt-ation of spirit
the Persian co-mmune of 
"Is There Any Remover of Difficulties
save God?" As they chanted the vi-
bration of the spiritual -splendor and its
rays of healing swept through the con-
vention hall.
Mr. L-unt: With the power which was
generated in this convention yesterday
and which is with us at this moment,
with the unity which is brought about
by the blessing of the
friends -scattered throughout the country
can go forward and accomplish that for
which we have been called, even though
the whole world stands against them.
There has been lighted on the altar o-f
this country an eternal flame, a fire which
can never die. The unity which has
come to us is really attainment to firm-
ness in the Covenant, which, as Abdul-
Baha. says, is the magnet which attracts
divine confirmation. And divine con-
firmations are What we need to erect the
Mashrak-el-Azkar. Now they are upon
us. Let us now go forward in that
spirit, beginning with the call of
delegates.
Mrs. Parmerton: Greetings and love
from the Cincinnati Assembly. When
the appeal came from Boston our little
group pledged $50.00. Since that time
we have added $200. I am increasing
my pledge to $1000. I know God will
enable me to find the money with which
to pay it.
A young man from the East had been
for' months in search of the Holy Spirit.
In yesterday's meeting he found it. Be-
fore he left he signed a pledge card for
$1000. He was confirmed in the path
of the spiritual glory.
Mrs. Goodall: I want to add a word
about the number oif meetings we ho-ld
in San Ffirancisco. We have a study
class on Monday evenings of which Dr.
D-'Evelyn has charge, which is studying
some wonderful subjects. Our friends
are all waking up; all are studying. In
a few months We will be prepared t-o
teach the friends throughout the state.
Monday afternoon we have meetings in
Oakland. On Wednesd-ay evenings we
have, under the guidance of Dr. D'Eve-
lyn, meetings at our rooms in San
Francisco. And on Thursday after-
noons we have devotional meetings to
intensify the inward spiritual life.
Mrs. Coope-r: When we had the letter
from Mr. Lunt setting forth the plan
for raising $200,000 in two years it was
like 'a flame across the country. Why
should we be afraid of $200,000 or even
$2,000,000 any more than of two cents?
All the treasuries of this world belong
to God. Abdul-Baha with his words of
truth and servitude holds the keys that
can unlock all these doors. We are go-
ing back to San Francisco. and carry, if
we -can, something" of the wonderful
spiritual wave that has swept this con-
vention. 1/Ve hope to send back next
month a substantial pledge.
(Mrs. Cooper also spoke of the splen-
did spread of the Bahai teachings in
California.)
Mrs. Claudia Colesz When I looked
this morning, in my bag of tablets, with
a big desire to give something to some-
body I found these words: of Abdul-
B-aha uttered in E-urope in 1912, a mes-
sage to every soul upon the earth:
"Come ye together. Concentrate your
spiritual forces. Arise with much fervor
and enthusiasm. Show ye a united effort.
Let a new attraction take possession of
your hearts. Let a new spirit sweep
over your temples, so that the fire of the
love of God which is enkind-led in your

