66 STAR OF
will pray for you, that you may
become the cause of raising the lights of
God. May everyone point to you and
ask, 'Why are these people so happy?'
want you in Green Acre to be
happy, to laugh, smile and rejoice, that
all may be made happy by you.
will pray for you."
Mr. Ober: Abdul-Baha expects us as
a convention here assembled representing
forty-five to fifty of the assemblies of
this country, to do definite things. And
should not we now undertake to raise
this money to lay the foundation" of the
Temple by November 12, 1917 We are
the people to raise it. By depending up-
on spiritual power we could raise two
millions. If we counted it important
enough to sacrifice two years for the sake
of bringing a Wonderful bestowal to hu-
manity we could do it with ease. There-
fore I move that we who are here assem-
bled hereby -dedicate ourselves to raise by
a great universal pledge the required
$200,000 so that it may be ready for use
by November 12, 1917, to lay the foun-
dation o-f the Temple of the Covenant.
The motion was seconded by Mrs. Rice-
Wray and carried.
Mrs. Greenleaf: As I have listened,
my thoughts have themselves
into three sentences. The first is, "Lift
up thy heart with delight that thou
THE WEST
mayest be fitted to meet me and to
mirror forth my beauty" (the voice of
God speaking in the Hidden Words.)
The second is what Abdul-Baha said to
Isabel Fraser Attainment is not through
renunciation but through radiant acquies-
cence. The third is the word "sacrifice."
We use the great Word and have heard
much about the "mystery of sacrifice."
Now what is- the mystery of sacrifice'?
The mystery of sacrifice is that there is
no sacrifice.
Mrs. Rice-Wray: We must have faith,
collective and individual. We must
make our pledges as a whole and as an
individual. I am going to pledge

Mrs. Herrick pledged $500.00.
Last year's board of directors for the
Bahai Temple Unity were re-elected.
A motion of brotherly fellowship with
the Esperantists was made and carried.
Delegates were appointed to represent
the Bahai Temple Unity at the coming
meeting of the League to Enforce Peace.
M. Eshte'al-Ebn Kalanter then chanted
a- supplication, in Persian, a prayer given
to Mirza Abul Fazl by just
before he ascended to the glorious con-
course.
And thus the session was closed.

