STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of alfection and unity between the sons of men shall he strengthened;
that cliversit of reli ion shall cease nd diff ace be annulled it hall th truitle st if
3 BIBIICES 0 . 858 SS l' BS
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VII Eizzat 1, 72 (September 8, 1916) No. 10
Tablets Revealed by Abdul-Baha to the Bahais
throughout the United States and Canada
TABLET TO THE NORTHEASTERN STATES
To the friends and maid-servants of God
in the Northeastern States:
Upon them be greeting and praise!
ye heavenly heralds!
These are the days of Naurooz. I am
always thinking of those kind friends!
I beg for each and all of you confirma-
tions and assistance from the threshold
of Oneness, so that those gatherings may
become ignited like unto candles in the
Republics of America, enkindling the
light of the love of God in the hearts;
thus the rays of the heavenly teachings
may begem and brighten the states of
America like the infinit-ude of immensity
with the stars of the most great guidance.
The northeastern states on the shores
of the Atlantic--Ma.ine, New Hamp-
shire, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Con-
necticut, Vermont, New
Jersey and New York--in some of these
states believers are found, but in some
of the cities of these states up to this
date people are not yet illumined with
the lights of the Kingdom and are not
aware of the heavenly teachings; there-
fore, whenever it is possible for each
one of you, hasten ye to those cities and
shine forth like unto the stars with the
light of the most great guidance. God
says in the glorious Koran: "The soil
was black and dried. Then We caused
the rain to descend' upon it and imme-
diately it became green, verdant, and
every kind of plant sprouted up luxu-
riantly." In other words, he says the
earth and the soil is black, but when the
spring showers descend upon it that
black soil is quickened, and variegated
flowers are pushed forth. This means
the souls of humanity belonging to the
world of nature are black like unto the
soil. But when the heavenly outpour-
ings descend and the radiant ef?ul-
gences appear, the hearts are resusci-
tated, are liberated from the darkness
of nature and the flowers of divine mys-
teries grow and become luxuriant. Con-
sequently man must become the cause of
the illumination of the world of hu-
manity and propagate the holy teach-
ings revealed in the sacred books through
divine inspiration. It is stated in the
blessed Gospel: Travel ye toward the
East and toward" the West- and enlighten
the people with the light of the most
great guidance, so that they may take
a portion and share of the eternal life.
Praise be to God, that the northeast-
ern states are in the utmost capacity.
Because the ground is rich, the rain of
the divine outpouring is descending.
Now you must become heavenly farmers
and scatter pure seeds in the prepared

