l60 STAR OF
THE WEST
The Convention of the Mashrak-el--Azkar
Haifa, Syria, October 12, 1916.
Mr. Alfred Lunt, Boston, Mass.
My dear brother in the Cause:
The heavenly beacon of Truth is
shining from the horizon of the Su-
preme Concourse, irradiating' to all di-
rections and dispelling the darkness of
doubts and ignorance but the majority
of mankind are held fast in the grim
claws of a sound sleep. In these days
of Wars and battles many rays of hope
and cheer have emanated from the sun
of the Covenant. One of these shining
rays has appeared -in the form of a
tablet in your name, the translation
of which is the following:
To his honor, 1*/Ir. Alfred 
him be greeting and praise!
thou my friend of the Kingdoml
Praise be to God, that the city of
Boston is stirred into cheerfulness and
the believers of God and the maid-.ser-
vants of the Merciful in the utmost
firmness and steadfastness in the Cove-
nant and Testament are engaged in the
diffusion of the fragrances of God,
that the divine favors and bestowals
are continually descending upon the as-
sembly of that city, for they have at-
tained to capacity, and capacity like
unto a magnet attracts the heavenly
graces unto men. Ever do I supplicate
at the threshold of the Lord of Hosts
and beg for the friends infinite confir-
mations. . It is my hope that 
tions toward the Kingdom of God may
be answered.
According to What is heard the
convention of Mashrak-el-Azkar was
going to be held in Boston. The be-
lievers of Boston must consider this
as one of the greatest divine bounties
and strive With all their strength so
that all the delegates coming to the
convention from the different cities of
America may become attracted, thank-
ful and grateful and spend a few days
with the utmost joy and happiness;
thus the convention in a behooving
manner may become assisted in the
promotion of the teachings of God, the
hearts may become like unto the clear
mirrors, the rays of the Sun of Reality
shine therein, the melody of thanksgiv-
ing and glorification tot the Lord of
Hosts may ascend to the Supreme Con-
course, the sleepy ones become awak-
ened and the dead ones alive. Convey
to each and all the friends longing
greeting on my behalf.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
In the course of this year we have
received few letters from the American
friends although I suppose they have
written to us regularly. It is our mis-
fortune that We should not receive
their messages of love and affection.
Abdul-Baha's health has been more
than Well, especially after our trip to
Tiberias. The medicinal value of the
baths there has been known for more
than 2000 years and people from all
parts of the country go there with their
nervous ailments to be cured. The
Weather also is very dry. Many of us
slept in the open air under the glorious
heaven studded with luminous stars.
The cool Western breeze Wafting all
night lulled the sleeper into sound and
refreshing sleep. Only we are so very
sorry that the gate of the sacred land
is clos-ed before the face of all the lovers
of truth but We pray and hope that ere
long the obstacles will be removed and
free communications established.
Give, please, my love to all the be-
lievers,
Your faithful brother.
Ahmad.

