 STAR OF
Afterwards, the Creator sent Confu-
cius in China, the Buddhist and Brah-
min prophets in India, Zoroaster in Per-
sia, Moses in Egypt, Jesus in Palestine
and Mohammed in Arabia. Each of these
Divine men, assisted by the Invisible
Power, worked in the amelioration of the
characters and morals of their respective
nations. They enacted laws and ordi-
nances upon which the welfa.re and pros-
perity of every community is founded
and bequeathed to them a Divine Book
containing direction and enlightenment.
Each of these prophets severally gave
signs and tokens concerning the Appear-
ance of God in the flesh, and prepared
his people to look for the coming of that
Great Day, which, as the dawn of Divin-
ity, is the end of the long cycle of dark-
ness and the beginning of the glorious
Day of Light. Just as the Israelitish
prophets prophesied that at the time of
the end men sh-all see God upon the
earth; just as the Gospels foreshadowed
the appearance of the Father with the
Son; just as Mohammed promised the
Islam dispensation that they should see
God and appointed the time of his ap-
pearance to be 1260 years after his own
rise, so, also, the Chinese and Indian pro-
phets, as well as Zoroaster, made the same
kind of prophecies and gave the exact
dat'e and the country in which that Glori-
ous Light should appear.
In fulfillment of the prophecies, about
sixty years ago, the Bab--the precursor
of the Lo-rd--appeared in Persia, fulfill-
ing the mission of the Elias of the Jews 
the John of the Christians; the M.ahdi of
the Mohammedan-s; and prepared the
people for the descent of the heavenly
table which he said would appear nine
years after his own rise. He proved the
validity of his mission through his won-
drous works, and laid the foundation of
the millennial cycle upon the mutilated
bodies of thousands who_ died for
his sake, and cemented them together
with the congealed blood of his blessed
heart which was shed in the path of his
beloved one, in the seventh year .of his
ministry.
THE WEST
Then the Word of the Almighty be-
came incarnate in the Temple of 
the Glory of God; the heavenly
Father appeared, the sun of the final sal-
vation dawned, and the deliverer arose
from the land of Persia to emancipate
the children of man from the fetters of
oppression, and to bring about the uni-
versal and practical unification of the
world and natio-ns, which task has been
ever beyond the power of any man of
learning, affluence, influence and tem-
poral authority. Although the blessed
person of Was, from the be-
ginning, subject to fetters and oppression
and exiled from city to city, owing to the
hatred a.nd jealousy of the antagonistic
fanatical clergy of Persia, yet he occu-
pied all of his blessed days in enacting
laws and ordinances for the refo-rmation
of the world, a.nd opened the seal of the
prophecies of old, which were 0-rdained
to be unlocked and unfolded to mankind
at the time of the end, through the su-
preme pen of the glorious Lord.
Day by day the penetration of his
Word increased and his followers grew
in number until finally the people of
tyranny determined to exile him to the
desolate land of, Acca, located Within a
few miles of Mt. Carmel which was
prophesied by the prophets to be the
footstool upon which the Lord shall
stand at the time of the end. Thus the
prophecies of old Were fulfilled and the
Holy Land became the land of the Lord,
toward which all mankind shall look for
light and guidance. The Father came to
gather his children together from all
parts of the world' and to remove racial
differences and religious fanaticism
which had for long periods marred the
prosperity of mankind and had darkened
the mirror of brotherhood with the dust
of clerical narrowness and national prej-
udice. This human development ceased
to be controlled by human action, and
God, came to appoint the cri-
terion through Which truth and right-
eousness are distinguished from false-
St. Mark XII 

