186 STAR or THE WEST
fusion by clearness. Shun mendacity
and slothfulness and take hold 0-f that
whereby the people will be profited,
Whether young or old, aged -or Widow.
Say! Beware of sowing the tares of
discord among the creatures or the
thorns of doubts and suspicion in the
pure and brilliant hearts. Say, be-
loved of God! Commit not that Which
will disturb the olearness of the pure
water of love or sever the perfumed ties
of friendship. By my life, ye are cre-
ated for love and affection and not fo-r
hatred and obstinacy. Boast not of love
to your own people, but of love to your
fellow-creatures-. Glory not in loving
your homes, but in loving the whole
world.
Let your be chaste, your hand
faithful, your tongue truthful and your
heart instructed. Abase not the glori-
ous station of the learned and do not
belittle the honor of the chief men who
justly judge among you.
Let equity be your army, reason your
arms and forgiveness your character and
nature. . . . Regard not the people
and their actions, but look to the Truth
and his dominion; . . . drink the
pure Water of pleasure, from the cup of
utterance of the day-spring of the Man-
ifestation, who remembers thee in this
strong fort. Spare not any effort With-
in thy power to- establish the truth with
Wisdom and explanations and destroy
falsehood from amidst the creatures.
(Words of Baha'o'llah: From Tablet
of Wisdom.)
If a man commit a transgression .he
has been unjust to himself, and soon he
will find that he is" in manifest regret
and remorse.
(Words of Abdul-Baha, from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, August 16,
1914.)
The thin eyelid prevents the from
seeing and What is curtained therein.
Then think of the result When the cur-
tain of greed covers the sight of the
heart. Say, people! The darkness of
greed and envy obscures the light of the
soul as the cloud prevents the penetra-
tion of the sun's rays.
(Extract from Words of Baha'o'llah:
The Primal VV0'rdv.)

A cheerful countenance lends consola-
tion to the beholder.
(Words of Abdul-Baha, from the Diary
of l\/lirza Ahmad Sohrab, February 16,
1914.)
A thankful person is thankful under
all circumstances. A complaining soul
complains even if he lives in paradise.
. . . If We a.re not thankful Who then
can be thankful? Are We not encircled
with the bounties of God? Are We not
enveloped With the bestowals of the
Blessed Perfection? Has he not lighted
a luminous lamp in our home? . .
Consider how each one of us is sur-
rounded by his favors! How much di-
vine grace descends upon us! How often
our hearts respond to- his call! . . .
If we are not pleased then who is there
to be pleased?
Verbal thanksgiving is fruitless.
Thanksgiving is rendered in two effective
Ways. First, through the realization of
spiritual susceptibilities which illumine
the courts of the hearts with the bright
stars of happiness and rejoice the heart
by the glad-tidings of the Merciful. Sec-
ond, through deeds, i. living in accord
with the good pleasure of the Lord;
adorning our being with his heavenly
attributes and trying to alleviate the
suffering and misery of mankind.
If a man does no-t do these things, even
though he praises God and offers him a
hundred thousand thanksgivings every
second there Will be for that man not
the slightest result; it will be but words
Without light. Consequently, We must
be very happy, very glad, very much
pleased, very contented, very joyful,

