STAR OF THE WEST 13
Third Session: Monday, May 1, at 8:00 p. m.
Subject; THE ONENESS OF THE WORLD OF HUMANITY.

. The Equality of Men and Women.
. A Universal Language.
manity.
. The Interdependence of Individuals, Nations and Races.
. The Solution -'of Economic Difficulties
The Coming of The Great Master, the Source of the Real Oneness of Hu-
Fourth Session: TuesdaySubject: THE MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR-.
1. The Mashrak-El-Azkar, the Divine Institution of 
2. The Mashrak-E1-Azkar of Eshkabad, Russia, and the Mashrak-El-Azkar
Work in America.
3. The Philanthropic Aspect of the Mashrak-El-Azkar. 
4. The Ess-ential Necessity for the Confirmation of the Holy Spirit as Embodied
in the Mashrak-El-Azkar.
5. The Importance of Erecting the Mashrak-El-Azkar Now, During the Days
of The Covenant.
EIGHTH ANNUAL MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR CONVENTION
Celebration of the Feast of Rizwan, Auditorium Hotel, Saturday, April 29,
at 6 p. m.
Meeting upon the Site of the Mashrak-El-Azkar, VVilmette, Sunday, April 30,
at 11:00 
Monday and Tuesday, May 1 and 2, Morning and Afternoon Business Sessions.
Latest News of Abdul-Baha
Letter from Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
Mt. Carmel, Haifa, Syria,
February 16, 1916.
Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi,
Chicago, Ill.
My beloved brother Zia:
Your kind a.nd affectionate letter of
October 21st as Well as the one to Abdul-
Baha and the third for the family of
your dear Wife were all duly>> received
and their contents impa.rt'ed joy and hap-
piness. Praise be to God, that you are
assisted to hold aloft in that far distant
country the torch of the Covenant of
God and to remind the people that firm-
ness in the testament of the Lord is the
corner-stone of faith and assurance. It
is a fire that will consume the thorns of
self and the thistles of petty ideas.
Through this unbreakable chain we are
guided safely "to the ultimate goal of
Truth. Through this White light the
darkness of doubt and superstition is
dispersed. It' is the breath of life that
quickens the dead; the power of God that
strengthens the Weak; the Water of im-
mortality that allays the thirst of those
Who are Wandering in the desert of heed-
lessness. It is the voice of the angel of
reality that Will throw a mighty rever-
beration through the pillars of the earth.
I delivered, your petition to Abdul-Baha
the other afternoon when he was sit-
ting in,the garden, he read it and Was
pleased to know that Zeenat Khanom and
your dear self were Well and in good
health. Mohammed and Ata (Zeenat
Khanon:1's brothers) are in Damascus.
They have found Work there and are
quite happy. Hobour (Zeenat's sister)
is in the house of Abdul-Baha and the
other day I heard her voice. All the

