STAR OF THE WEST 139
elected members must be religious per-
sons, God-fearing, high-minded and fol-
lowers of the law. Secondly: They
should have an accurate knowledge of
the divine commandments, of the most
important fundamental and of
the rules of the loosing and binding of
domestic aitairs and foreign relations;
they should possess a. knowledge of the
sciences and arts necessary to civiliza-
tion, and finally be contented with the
in-come derived from their personal prop-

As to the election of such men he says:
"The election of temporary inenibers of
the assemblies of the kin-gdoin should de-
pend upon the choice and satisfaction of
the public, for elected by the
people are pledged to carry out their
will, and to follow out their 
Consequently they are careful to admin-
ister impartial justice, and to live ac-
cording to true religion, so that they lnajy
establish at good reputation and keep
their dignity in the eyes of the people."
These Councils are called Houses of
Justice and every village.
town, city, and nation will be under the
control of one of these bodies. From all
the differeiit National Houses of Justice
members will he chosen to compose an
Universal House of Justice, to have
charge of the international problems.
"All the civic affiairs and the legisla-
tion of niatcrial laws for the increasing
needs of the enlightened humanity be-
long to the House of Justice. This, the
House of Justice, will be not only a body
for the legislation of laws according to
the spirit and requirenient of the time.
but a board of arbitration for the set-
tlement ot all disputes arising between
peoples. When the Universal House of
Justice is orga.ni2.ed the members will do
their utmost for the realization of 
er cordiality and comity amongst the
nations. The la-We of Bane/o'Lnin are
the unchangea-ble, organic laws oi' the
Universal House of Justice. They are
the very foundation upon which the
structure of additional legislation is
built." "As regards the places for the
convening of such a general body, it will
he decided by the ineinbers. The Uni-
versal Ho-use oi Justice has only the leg-
islatitie function; the esiecutive power
belongs to the adininistrative depart-rneilt
of government. At first, National
Houses of Justice will be established in
every country, and they will elect in turn
rnenihers to the Universal House of Jus-
tice. Again I repeat, the House of
Justice, whether National or Universal,
has only legislative power, and not ex-
ecutive power. For example, in Europe
and America the Parliament or Congress
enact laws, while the Government exe-
cutes rhese laws. The House 
cannot fulfill two functions at the same
tin1e~legisl-ative and executive.' 
The chief concern of the government
is the establislnnent of equal justice and
equal c-pp-ortunity amongst its citizens.
'l'.l1crcfore the ineinbers of the House of
Justice must close the door to political
pirates and their bribery, abolish their
personal hatreds and crown themselves
with wisdom, piety, truthfuliicss, capa-
hility, benevolelice and Zeal and such at-
tributes that will prevent oppression, in-
justice and inisrnanageinent of affairs.
As they are to be under the inspiration
and protection of God, they must heark-
en to his cal].
"Friends of God, set forth the exam-
ple of Justice! Justice is a universal
quality. From the highest to the lowest,
justice should he sacred; fl'Ol11 the sov-
ereign to the merchant, the minister of
state to the artisan all must be just.
Be just, respect the rights of each. man,
'do unto others Wliat you would have
them do unto you.' A Workman who
comniits an injustice is as lnueh to Elaine
as a tyrant. Each one of us can choose
between justice and injustice. I hope
you will be just in your relations with
others, that you will never harm your
fellows, that you will respect the rights
[Continued on page 145)

