Z2 STAR OF
with the pure Water of Immortality.
This is my work."
H. S. "When I was in Stuttgart I
attended an Esperanto meeting a.ddressed
by Abdul-Bahia. Do-es Ab-bas Effendi
know him'? He is a wise man and is in
grea.t sympathy with the Esperanto lan-
guage. He has many followers in Stutt-
gart. His religion is called Bahai."
(The translator here informed Hans
Springer that he is speaking with Abdul-
Baha that he is in his presence. Imme-
diately he became more respectful and
expressed great joy and happiness.)
H. S. "Is it possible that I am in the
presence of Abdul-Baha 
(Taking in his hand the last book of
tablets to correct, Abdul-Baha became
silent. After a few minutes, conversa-
tion started again.)
A. B. "Even a bird can fly around
the world. It is not a difficult accom-
plishment. Therefore, become thou a
royal bird of the kingdom, and like
unto an angel soar toward the heavenly
worlds. I can assure thee that the ex-
periences will be more than marvelous."
H. S. hope to get a pair of strong
wings to accomplish this difficult task."
A. B. pray that when tho-u goest
to Nazareth, the place of Christ 's nativ-
ity, the Spirit of God may descend upon
thee and wings of light be granted thee,
so that thou mayst soar in the immensity
THE WEST
of God's space and behold t'he wonders
of His creation."
H. S. will also pray for this."
A. B. "Where do-st thou go from
here?"
I-I. S. "From here I shall leave to-
morrow on foot for Nazareth, then Ti-
berias, Beirut, Damascus, Constantinople,
Caucasus and then entering Persia from
the north, I will go out from the south
via the Persian Gulf. Then to India,
Japan, China, Australia, Hawaiian
Islands and the United States. . . 
In short, this was the outline of the
talk; meanwhile, Kho-sro brought for him
coffee, tea and cake. Then Abdul-Baha
asked someone to bring him a dish of
pistachios, which in turn he shelled and
gave the meats to him. The time of part-
ing drawing nigh, he placed in the palm
of his hand" an English pound, and
wished him much success in his long un-
dertaking. The cake and pistachios were
also put in a paper and given to him for
his lunch.
In the afternoon, two Arabs called on
Abdul-Baha, staying with him fo-r half
an hour, Then he dictated a number of
tablets for the believers in Baku. It
was moonlight when he returned from
his walk. "How beautiful this moon-
light night," he said' to us, as he entered
the house.
Explanation of Daniel's Interpretation of
ebuchadnezzar's Dream
(Continued from page 19)
as iron, etc. But the fourth kingdom
will be divided into two p-arts, one part
will continue to be strong and firm like
iron, while the other will be weakened,
like clay. At the time of this fourth
kingdom, God, himself, will come and
will break all the fourth kingdom into
pieces and then he will build up; and
that stone, which was cut' out of heaven,
without hands, and came down, is no
other than the kingdom of Go-d' itself,
which will fill all the earth. And it is
written here that that stone grew so large
that it filled all the earth." This was the
dream of the king, and the king, hear-
ing Daniel, fell do-wn and worshipped
him. Then, after he had explained to
him the dream, he said, will give
you the interpretation of the dream."
In all the writings and prophecies,
both in Revelation and in Daniel by
"kingdom" is meant the appearance of
a religion of God. A govern-
ment and a kingdom, according
to the terminology of Revelation and
Daniel, is represented by "beast." For

