178 eras. OF THE WEST
simplicity and contemplation combined
with usefulness and well-guided activity.
(V\7ords of Abdul-Baha from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, March 25,
1914.)
Question; Vvlhat can I do to become
the real servant of God?
Abdul-Baha: Lice thou in accord
with the teachings of Baha'o'llah. Do
not 0-nly rea.d them. There is a vast
difference between the soul who merely
reads the Words of Baha'o'1lah and the
one who tries to live them. Read thou
the Hidden Words. Ponder over
their meanings and "embody the behests
into thy life. All that I might say is
only one drop of that illimit-able sea. My
duty is to explain, to elucidate, to inter-
pret the writings of Baha'o'llah. For
example: we must investigate the real-
ity; We must. show real love to the world
of humanity; we must work for the es-
tablishment of universal peace; we must
sacrifice our lives in the guidance of
mankind; We must be kind to all the
creatures of God; We must raise the call
of the Kingdom; We must characterize
ourselves with spiritual characteristics;
We must show forth in our Words and
deeds the attributes of the holy ones.
I declare by him beside whom there is
nought else, if We live in accord with
one of the teachings We will become ra-
diant like unto this lamp. If We con-
fess verbally that Baha'o'llah's princi-
ples are the cause of eternal salvation
and the means of nearness unto the
throne of God and yet do not live ac-
cording to their instructions we are not
Bahais. Therefore day and night We
must pray for each other, so that we be
assisted to express in our lives the uni-
versal spirit of Baha'o'llah.
("Words of Abdul-Balia, from the Diary
of 1/Iirza Ahmad Sohrab, June 1, 1914.)
The following is an excerpt from a
conversation between Abdul-Baha and
an Esperantist globe-trotter, who was
unconscious of the identity of the per-
son he was addressing:
Globe-trott-er: 'Serve God!' There
is no one in this World who can serve
God, because We are not able to- see him.
He is above our human ken. In my
mind the only Way We can serve him is
to serve mankind, and try to alleviate
the sorrows and sufferings of the people.
Abdul-Baha: Christ served God and
his apostles served God. Their>> service
was to humanity and Was a reflection of
their service to God.
Globe-trotter: In this age the Chris-
tions have forgotten the commandments
of Christ.
Abdul-Baha: 'What hast thou to do
with others? Live thou according to the
teachings of Christ.
A new commandment I give unto you,
-that ye love one another. As I have
loved you that ye also love one another.
(John 13 
The cause of God is like unto a col-
lege. The believers are like unto the
students. The college is founded for the
sake of the acquirements of science, arts
and literature. If the sciences are not
there-in and the scholars are not edu-
cated the object of the college is not
achieved. The students must show the
results of their study in their deport-
ment and deeds; otherwise they have
Wasted their lives. Now the friends
must so live and conduct themselves as
to bring greater glory and results to the
religion of God. To them the cause of
God must be a dynamic force transform-
ing the lives of men and not a question
of meetings, committees, futile discus-
sions, unnecessary debates and political
wire-pulling'.
What is the sum-total and upshot of
farming, ploughing, sowing the seeds

