STAR OF THE WEST
The Teaching Campaign
"Forward! Forward! my beloved soldiers"
(Extra-ct from letter by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab.)
VVhile at Stuttgart, Germany, Abdul-Baha was one day looking out of his
hotel Window, and, observing a regiment of soldiers, passing by in great array,
he said:
"They are ready to fight for their fatherland. How barbarous it seems
to send men who do not even know each other to tl1e battlefield in order to- shoot
each other down. The Bahai Grand Army consists= of the invisible angels of
the Supreme Concourse. Our swords are the words of love and life. Our
armaments are the invisible armaments of Heaven. lVe are fighting against the
forces of darkness. my soldiers, my beloved soldiers! Forward! Forward!
I-lave no fear of defeat; do not have faili111g hearts. Our supreme commander
is Baha'o'llah. From the heights of glory he is directing thiis dramatic
engagement. He commands us! Rush forward! Rush forward! Show the
strength of your arms. Ye shall scatter the forces of ignorance. Your war
confers life; their war brings death. Your war is the cause of the illumination
of all mankind. Your war means victory upon victory. Their war is defeat
upon defeat. Their War is the origin of destruction. There are no dangers
before you. Push forward! Fire! Fire! Attack the enemy. Your efforts
should be crowned with the diadem of eternal peace and brotherhood.
"His holiness the Christ was fighting even upon the cross and his triumphs
have continued through ages and cycles."
News from the "soldiers" at the front
157
Shine for the Light has
A come'Z with unconquerable
splendor! to the A i a 
world. The hour has struck; the heav-
enly bell has rung. The most blessed
year is at hand. A divine charter
is spread before us in the form of five
Tablets to the East, the West, the North,
the South. This charter is given to us
by the most glorious Servant of 'the
World. Nothing more is needed. The
time has arrived when the soldiers of
light must go forth "and shine with
such brilliancy as to illumine (the) entire
continent. 
Those who arise to serve are surround-
ed with the heavenly hosts of confirma
tion. At first this was a promise; now it
is a verified reality. From all parts of
the country co-me>> radiant glad tidings of
the "majestic onward march of the Cause
of God."
Mrs. Brittingham, Mr. Remey, Mr. Lat-
imer, Mrs. Killius, Mr. Dunn, Mrs, Rals~
ton, Mrs. Gillen and many others have
entered the vast expanses of the Western
States and are planting the pure seeds of
the Kingdom in the prairie and the
mountain regions of the untilled W'est.
Mrs. Ford, Mr. Williain H. Randall, Mrs.
Greenleaf, Dr. Bagdadi, Mrs. Brush,
Mrs. Parmerton, Mrs. True and others

