STAR or THE WEST 159
Other News otes
Indianapolis, Ind., Oct. 30, 1916.
Indianapolis will get to be an import-
ant center if you C-hicago people take
it into your hand. I talked on the Cause
to eighteen hundred people at the Short-
ridge High School, and to hundreds at
the church and other meetings, all of
whom appreciate the great Message, and
are hungry for further teaching and
speakers. I dwelt at length upon the
Maslirak-el-Azkar, and in time this will
becomea fruitful field. . . -
Ali Zfule Khan.
The Shirley I-Iotel, Denver, Colo,
November 11, 1916.
I am having meetings, witli
some new faces nearly always. Two
leading Theosophists present last night
Were greatly attracted. Large ad?er-
tised meeting for Sunday 
subject, "Universal Peace." George
(Latimer) and Mason (R-.e1ney) to arrive
today, and we will all address the meet-
ing.
Isabella Brittizzgham.
D. (1, Dec. 25, 1916.
To the or THE Viasra
A line to cheer those striving to
spread the knowledge of God and His
Covenant. During the recent journey
through four-teen Southern states the
he-arts were found most receptive. The
principles of unity a.11d the Great Mes-
sage Were presented in churches,
schools, colleges, Y. M. C. A., and social
gatherings to a multitude of people. So
slight was the opposition, even in the
ranks of the clergy, as to be not worthy
of mention. The souls of people were
rejoiced, and their spirits exhilarated by
the glad tidings. In one meeting, held
at Memphis, Tenn, over fifty persons,
all in sight save one, after hearing the
message and proofs, arose and said the
Greatest Name. Vilithout exception,
souls were found ready in cities Where
the message was given. The strongholds
of orthodoxy were taken by the fire of
divine love. Success was attained
through divine confirmations.
The time has come to declare the
message from the housetops. Yet with
wisdom Withal. The hearts are hungry
for the heavenly manna. Let us forget
human limitations in the pursuit of
divine ideals. The call of God is, Work,
speak, start assemblies, use all
proper means of bringing life to the
dead body of huznanity. The veils
are disappearing. The following
tablet?' shows What Abdul-Baha expects
of us:
ye spiritual friends of Abdul-Baliai
How long are ye silent and speech-
less"? Although ye are speaking, yet
in this age the speech of the believers
of God must be the soul entrancing
melody of the Kingdom of Aloha and
the harmony of the Supreme Concourse!
Therefore Abdul-Baha is 11ot satis-
fied with a meek voice and depressing
arnentation! He seeks the passionate
tuinult and joyous elainor and he roars
and cries at the top of his voice so that
the realities of things may stir into
inovenient and action and the Beloved
of Bounty unveil her countenance in
the World of creation!
Those friends. must, like unto the
stars in heaven, shine and gleam i11 the
horizon of Truth with the Light of
Guidance so that the realities of the
existent beings and the spirit of hu-
mankind may find joy and happiness!
Upon ye be greeting and praise!
(Signed) .ABDUL--BAHA Asses.
Lou-is G. Gregory.
*Trans1ated by Mirza Alnnad Sohrab,
Vlashington, D. (1, May 27, 1910.

