158 STAR or TI-IE 
are the new era and its
glory in the states of the Central "West.
Mrs. Ford has spoken to large gather-
ings in Chicago, St. Paul, and Minne-
apolis. Mr. Randall has addressed splen-
did gatherings in St. Louis where hun-
dreds were attracted and has started'
us thinking of Abdul-Bal1a's predictions
for that city. To aheliever in St. Louis,
Abdul-Baha. wrote a. few years ago:
"Thy letter was received. Thou hast
Written that in these days the establish-
rnent of the meeting has becorn-2 impos-
sible in that city. Be thou not unhappy'.
A day shall come when inninnerable
meetings in the utmost grandeur shall be
established in that city. T-he cause of
God shall he raised and the bi-eath of
the Holy Spirit shall iinpart eternal life.
Be thou not sad. This indifierence is
temporary. Ere long the fires of the
love of God shall raise a. flame in that
city and the splendors oi' the sun of
truth shall cast intense rays and the
melody of the Kingdom shall be heard.' 
Mrs. and Oh-er are
on their Way to the tar l'~To1'tl1east t-o sow
the seeds in the provinces of Canada.
ew centers have appeared over night
as it were in Springfield, Massachusetts
and in New Haven and Hartford, Con-
nect-icut. They were organized after in-
spiring peace meetings. Dr. Strong, Dr.
Shook, Mrs. Finch and Mrs. I-lannen
have been doing great service in these
cities.
The Bahais about Boston have trebled
in numbers in the last six rnonths.
Group meetings are held throughout
the suburbs.
Wonderful responses to the divine call
have come also from the South. Mother' 
Beecher has just gone into Virginia. and
Kentucky, For the past two months
Rev. Mr. Tate and Mr. Louis Gre gory
have been scattering the heavenly seeds
broadcast in the vast regions from the
Atlantic Ocean to Texas. Mr. Tate has
spoken to 15,600 and Mr. Gregory to
15,000 people this antunin. Mr. Gregory
writes a friend from Tulsa, Oklahoma:
Tulsa, Oklahoma, Nov. 25, 1916.
Dear Bahai brother:
I do not new recall whether or not I
told _vou a dream I had the days
of preparation for this journey. Abdul-
Baha was standing before an audience in
the attitude of teaching. BY his direc-
tion I was serving as a Waiter, passing
to the people bread from a 'Wl1en
the waters reached the people, they were
transfo-rzned into tablets and upon them
they were to indicate how of then;
accepted the tea-chings and became
Bahais. An overwhelniing nunzh er of
those who received the tablets thus signi-
fied by Writing their acceptance. I
feeling very liappg-'.
By the way the doors are opened to
deliver the Message and t-he happiness
manifested among those who give ear,
this dream becomes a. glorious reality.
I think I wrote you last from New
Orleans. Since then the following" points
have been visited; Galveston, Prairie
View, Austin. "Waco, Oorsicana, Dallas,
Texas, and Langston, Oklahonia. At
Langston, after hearing the lilessage, the
school sang, "Arise! Shine for the Light
has come and the Glory of the Lord is
risen upon thee!" Several thousand
have heard the glad tidings, in these cen-
ters, Without a word of opposition. Truly
great are the divine confirmations from
the Kingdom of El-Ahhal The might
of the Covenant removes all obstaolesl
Tonight there is an audience of five
hundred in a llvlethodi st church. 'The as-
tor lias given the right of way. The
Bahai address will take the place of the
serrnon.
Leave for Arkansas and N0-rt-hern Mis-
sissippi toinorrow. Ain very happy over
the results.
Praise be to God and Bahai greeting to
the friends! ll/lav you ever be supr*en1ely
Iiappyl
In His Name, I have the honor to be
Your servant,
Lou-is G. Gregory.

