4-Z STAR OF
this happy family Were divided and sub-
divided through ignorance and preju-
dice. Now the time has come again for
their final unification. Univers-al peace
will bring this long-wished for consum-
mation.
"Once the parliament of man is estab-
lished and its constituent parts organ-
ized, the governments of the woirld hav-
ing entered into a covenant of eternal
friendship will have no need of keeping
large standingarmies and navies. A few
battalions to preserve internal order and
an international police to keep the high-
ways of t'he seas clear will be all that is
necessary. Then these huge sums will
be diverted to other more useful chan-
nels, pauperism Will disappear, knowl-
edge will increase, the victories of peace
will be sung by poets and bards, knowl-
edge will improve the conditions and
mankind will be rocked in the cradle
of felicity and bliss. Then, Whether a
government is constitutional or repub-
lic, hereditary monarchy or democratic,
the rulers will devote their time to the
prosperity of their nations, the legisla-
tion of just and sane laws and the foster-
ing of closer and more amicable rela-
tions with their neighbors; thus the
world of humanity may become a mirror
in which are reflected the virtues and
attributes of the kingdom of God."
"What is your opinion concerning
disarmament 
Abdul-Baha answered: "By a general
agreement all the governments of the
world must disarmsimultaneously and at
the same time. It will not do if one
lays down arms and the others refuse to
do so. The nations of the world must
concur with each other concerning this
supremely important subject, that they
may abandon together these deadly wea-
pons of human slaughter. As long as
one power increases her military and
naval. budget, another power will be
forced into the crazed competition
through her natural andxsupposed inter-
ests. For example, Germany has in-
creasingly added to a vast sum for the
THE VVEST
maintenance of her army. This alarms
the French statesmen and volatile pa-
triots, and affects the calm and steady
nerves of the Britishers across the chan-
hel. Immediately there will be rumors
of war, talk of German aggression, Ger-
man ambition. The yellow journals
write searing editorials, jingoism becomes
the topic of the capitals, the air is filled
with suspicions. Someone will see, for
the purposes of expediency, a German
dirigible flying over French fortifications
or English forts making observations. A
hue and a cry will be raised from every
quarter of the country and thus there
will be a corresponding increase in the
estimates of the Minister of War for the
defence of our homes and our hearths,
our women and our sweethearts from the
attack of strangers. The same argu-
ment is resorted to when the French na-
tion adds one or two years to her military
conscription and the English imperial-
ists emphasize in public meetings the doc-
trine of the double standard power. Now
as long as Germany continues in her own
military perfection the French will walk
in her footsteps trying at every turn
to increase their own war ammunitions
in order to be prepared for any national
crisis or suddenattaick. Hence it seems
the only solution lies in the fact of uni-
versal disarmament on the part of all
the nations.
"When we speak of universal peace we
mean that all the governments must
change their fleets of battleships and
dreadnaughts to a. mighty fleet of mer-
chant marine, plying the oceans of the
world, uniting the distant shores and in-
terweaving the commercial, intellectual
and moral forces of mankind. But
should England alone transform the
character of her warships she will be at
the mercy of her enemies and will remain
powerless and defenceless. The British
Isles will be unquestionably threatened
by a powerful invading, well-disciplined
host. Hence, aside from any national
prowess, the English people are pushed
into this weltering whirlpool of military
and naval expenditures and are strug-

