STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES YEAR
By the BA-HAI SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post office at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAI-IAI NEVVS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, I1l., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add sufficient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAI-IA.
thou Star of the West! HE I5 con!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant. in the
iuture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volutne will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and tame will be raised and become at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmvzess, firrnness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Acass.
Vol. VII I I I\/lasheyatil, 72 (September 27, 1916)  I NOT11
IS THE 
"Let not these Golden Days slip by
Without Results"
'From D/iary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
Ramleh, Egypt, October 29, 1918.
Dear friends:
Mrs. Stannard left this morning for
Cairo, to prepare herself for the trip
to India. Before her departure Abdul-
Baha called her into his presence and
spoke to her as follows:
"Uonsecrate all thy time to the serv-
ice of the Kingdom of God and the
propagation of its principles-. Let thy
one supreme concern be the promotion
of the Word of God. Thou Wilt ever
be surrounded by the invisible angels
of confirmations and they will always
come to thy assistance. 'Whenever thou
dost enter an meeting, raise thy voice
and say:
ye believers of God! This day is
the day of your attraction! This day
is the day in which you must diffuse
the fragrance of God! This day is the
day that you must unfurl the banner of
the kingdom of Abha! This day is the
day of peace and concord! This day is
the day of the proclamation of the One-
ness of the World of humanity! This
day is the day of forgiveness and leni-
ency! This day is the day of truth
and righteousness! This day is the day
of co-nciliation and bcatitudc! This day
is the day of awakening and enkindlc-
ment!
'\_Vaste not your precious time in
fault-finding and backbiting. Polish the
surface of the mirrors of your hearts
from the dross of human frailtics. If
you live according to the standard of
other communities, then What difference
does there exist you and them'!
has summoned you to
such a lofty summit that the very
thought thereof is too dazzling a pros-
pect! He has not chosen you to he
satisfied with Water and clay!'
"Thou must live in such a spiritual
condition that thy very presence in the
meetings may transform the audience in-
to the congregations of the elect and set
aglow in the hearts the fire of the love
of God. Exalt thy ambition. Univer-
salize thy ideals. Spread thy Wings of
compassion over all the regions of the

