STAR OF THE WEST 55
symposium of the perfections of the
world of humanity. Divine civilization is
the improvement of the ethical life of a
nation. Divine civilization is the spir-
itual philosophy. Divine civilization is
the knowledge of God with rational and
intellectual evidence. . . . Conse-
quently, consider what a. difference and
distinction there is between the natural
civilization and the divine civilization!
The natural civilization prevents men
from doing harm and wrong, through
force and punishment; but the divine
civilization so trains men that the human
individuals avoid sins without any fear
of (material) punishment and the very
sin itself becomes unto them as the sever-
est punishment. And they will engage in
acquiring human virtues, gaining that by
which mankind will be uplifted, and that
which will enlighten the human world,
with the utmost zeal and fervor."
"Where thousands are considering
these questions, We have more essential
questions. The secrets of the Whole
economic question are divine in nature
and are concerned with the world of the
heart and spirit. In the Bahai teach-
ing this is most completely explained,
and without the consideration of the
Bahai teaching it is impossible to realize
a better state. All this will come to pass.
The Ba.hais will bring about the better
stat'e, but not in a way that will have
anything to do with corruption and sedi-
tion--not Warfare, but perfect welfare.
In short, the hearts must be so connected
together, love must become so dominant
that the rich shall most willingly, out of
the will of the heart, help and extend
assistance to the poo-r, and should\take a
step in the'way of adjustments. You
must strive as much as possible to create
love in the hearts, in order that love may
become shining and radiant. When that
love shines in the hearts even as this
(electric) light, then it will permeate
other hearts, and when the love of God
obtains everything else Will be realized.
This is the foundation. Be thoughtful of
this. Think of becoming the cause your-
selves of the attraction of the souls;
show the people what (the true) eco-
nomics is, What love is, What kindness is,
What severence is, What giving is."
Mr. Joseph H. Hannen, of Washing-
ton, D. C., spoke- on the need of Uni-
versal Language." He also presented
effective quotations from Abdul-Baha.
Just before leaving this country for
Europe, Abdul-Baha made careful in-
quiry about Esperanto here, and soon
after arriving on the other side said pub-
licly: "His holiness BAHA 'o many
years ago wrote a book called 'The Most
Holy Book, one of the fundamental prin-
ciples of which is the necessity of creat-
ing an auxiliary language, and he makes
clear the good and profit which will come
because of its use. Now let us thank the
Lord because this language, Esperanto,
is created. We therefore have bidden all
Bahais in the East to study this language
very carefully and ere long it will be
spread through the entire East. I also
beg of you all, Esperantists, and non-
Esperantists, that you will energetically
Work for the spread of this language, for
it Will hasten the 'coming of that day, the
millennial day, foretold by prophets and
seers, in which it is said that the wolf
and the lamb shall drink from the same
fountain, the lion and the deer shall feed
in_the same pasture. The meaning of
this holy witing is that hostile races,
warring nations and differing religions
shall become united in the spirit of love
and will become bound together one with
the other."
At Clifton, England, Abdul-Baha said:
"The tenth principle is the establish-
ment of a universal language, so that We
will not have to acquire so many lan-
guages in the future. In the schools they
will study two, the mother tongue and
the international auxiliary language.
The use of an internatio-nal auxiliary
language will become a great means of
dispelling the differences between na-
tions." Mr. I-Iannen spoke in conclusion
ofhow "Miss Alexander, our Bahai sis-

