STAR OF THE IVEST 105
globe. If some people come to thee
alone complaining against each other,
don 't listen to them, don't let them
breathe the faults of others in thy pres-
ence. Tell them: have not come here
to engage my time with these things. I
am not a judge. I have come to sum-
mon the people to the Kingdom of Abha,
to call you to unity and accord, to raise
the dead, make mindful those Who are
unaware, awaken those Who are asleep,
breathe new life into the mouldering
bones and sound the trumpet of resur-
rection. Friends, it is high time for you
to throw away these tales, these barren
stories. God is not pleased With them,
humanity is not pleased With them. Your
time is too costly to be expended on
these trifling events. You are made in
the image and likeness of God. Your
birthright is more valuable than all the
treasures of the empires. Arise with
heart and soul and let not these golden
days slip by Without results. This day
is the day of the splendors of the Sun
of Reality. This day is the day of the
Lord of the Kingdom. This day is the
day of the fulfillment of glorious prom-
ises. This day is the day of joy and
fragrance. These petty backbitings and
jealonsies make one lose all the traces of
spirituality, excommunicate a person
from the divine company of the 'Worthy
ones, submerge one in the sea of phan-
tasms, suffer one to become cold and
pessimistic and throw him headlong into
the death of despair and haunting hope-
les-sness.'
"You must not listen to anyone speak-
ing about another, because no sooner do
you listen than you must listen to some-
one else and thus the circle will be en-
larged endlessly. Therefore, friendsl
Let us co-me together, forget all our self-
thoughts and be in one accord, and cry
at the to-p of our voices 'Ya-Baha.-eL
 77
Later someone spoke of recent news
from the Persian Gulf and how one of
the Bahais has been persecuted. Abdul-
Baha said:
"Happy is his condition, for in this
latter part of his life he has become the
object of sufferings in the path of God!
May we all attain to this great gift!"
In the afternoon Abdul-E-aha started
off for a Walk. Having reached the tele-
graph office at the Bacos station, the
ascended the few steps of the modest
building and sat on the chair which was
offered him by the chief operator. Abdul-
Baha. used to come often to talk With
him, or in other Words, to "elbow with
men and mix With them," right in the
market place. How Wonderful it seems
to me, his power of adaptability to all
people, under most peculiar circumstan-
ces! How he brings himself to the in-
tellectual or moral level of the listener
and how he enjoys the free and unini-
peded association of men! Here was
Abdul-Baha sitting in a small telegraph
office of R-ainleli, talking heartily in
Arabic With an operator and how he
listened to him. First he spoke about
the brother of the Khedive, and liow he
met him in America and France, prais-
ing his progressive ideas and intelli-
gence. Then he said:
"lNhen I was in America I was most
busy. Often I addressed three meetings
a day, and gave innumerable interviews
from early morning till midniglit. In
Europe I spread certain divine teachings
which Will insure security to the human
and taught them that the founda-
tion of the religions of God is one and
the same. Now I have returned to
Egypt in order to rest from the. effects
of this arduous journey; but while I
am here correspondence is uninterrupted
With all parts of the 'West. All the news-
papers and magazines published my ad-
dresses and the Western World is ring-
ing With this call. I have done this, not
because I eXpeCteCl the praise of men.
Far from itl How foolish are some peo-
ple who may think that vce have ac-
cepted all these hardships and under-
gone forty years of imprisonment by
Sultan Abdul Hamid, in order to re-
ceive the commendations of men! How

