STAR OF THE WEST 163
A Bahai must be happy for the bless-
ings of God are bestowed upon him.
(Diary of Mirza. Ahmad Sohrab, Janu-
ary 7, 1914.)
Know thou that there are two kinds
of and material.
As to material happiness, it never
exists; nay, it is but imagination, an
image reflected in mirrors, a specter and
shadow. Consider the nature of material
happiness. It is something, which but
removes one's afflictions; yet the
people imagine it to be joy, delight, ex-
ultation and blessing. All the material
blessings, including food, drink, etc,
tend only to allay thirst, hunger and
fatigue. They bestow no delight on the
mind nor pleasure on the so-ul nay, they
furnish only the bodily wants. So this
kind of happiness has no real existence.
As to spiritual happiness, this is the
true basis of the life of man because
life is created for happiness, not for
sorrow for pleasure, not for grief. Hap-
piness is life; sorrow is death. Spiritual
happiness" is life eternal. This is a light
which is not followed by darkness. This
is an honor which is not followed by
shame. This is a life that is not fol-
lowed by death. This is an existence
that is not followed by 
This great blessing a.nd precious gift is
obtained by man only through the guid-
ance of God.
Spiritual happiness is light, while sor-
row is darkness.
This happiness is glad-tidings, while
sorrow is disappointment.
This happiness is the Kingdom While
sorrow is the world.
This happiness is life, while sorrow
is non-existence.
This happiness is the fundamental
basis from which man is created, worlds
are originated, the contingent beings
have existence and the world of God
appears like unto the 'appearance of
the sun at mid-day.
This happiness is but the love of God.
This happiness is but the eternal
might the brilliant traces of which are
shining forth unto the temples of unity.
W'-ere it not for this happiness the
world of existence would not have been
created.
(Extract from an early Tablet to a Bahai
in Paris.)
Thy letter was received, and its pe-
rusal imparted happiness impossible to
describe. It was an indication of the
loftiness of thy nature, the strength of
thy effort and the purity of thy inten-
tions. Abdul-Baha's happiness is caused
by such matters. If the material lux-
uries of the whole earth were available
to Abdul-Baha he would not think for
one moment that there was such a. thing
as comfort and luxury in the World. But
when a soul-perfuming fragrance is
wafted from the rose-garden of the
hearts of the friends to the nostrils of
_Abdul-B-aha, such joy is realized that
involuntarily I render thanksgiving unto
the Blessed Perfection who has trained
such servants.
(Extract from a Tablet to an American
Bahai translated December 29, 1912-.)
my brother, when a seeker intends
to turn the step of search and journeying
into the path of the knowledge of the
King of Pre-existence, he must first
cleanse and purify the heart--which is
the place of the appearance and emana-
tion of the splendor of the hidden mys-
teries of clivinity--and he must
cleanse and refine his 
is the throne for the accession and
establishment of the love of the
eternal Beloved--from all gloomy
dusts of acquired learnings and from
the allusions of satanic appearances. He
must likewise sanctify his heart from at-
tachment to Water and is,
from all phantasmal forms and spectral
images in such manner that no trace of
love or hatred may remain in the heart


