STAR OF THE 7
At such a time, the Bahais in America and the STAR on THE have
a mission to perform.
Editors.
Tablet from Abdul-Baha
Thy mission in America for the present is this: Thou must travel as far
as possible to every part and pass through cities and towns, summoning every-
one to the Beauty of Abha raising the Gall of the Kingdom and proclaiming at
the top of thy voice:
hundred-thousand glad tidings be upon ye that the Sun of the Reality
of the Beauty of Abha hath shone forth from the Horizon of the Oontingent
Being and hath illuminecl the regions with the lights of the Most Great Guidance.
The realities of the Old Testament and the Gospel are already fulfilled and the
Mysteries of the Heavenly Books have become manifest. This is the century of
the Merciful One and the Period of Joy and Gladness.
ye heedless ones, become mindful!
ye sleeping ones, be awakened!
ye blind ones, become seeing!
ye deaf ones, become hearing!
ye dumb ones, become speakers!
ye dead ones, beco-me living!
ye deprived ones, take a portion!
"This is the effulgence of the Merciful and the moving of the Depthless Sea.
This is the outpouring of the wonderful new springtime and the falling of
the showers of the Bounty of the Most Great Lord!"
This is thy mission.
ABBAS.
The Light of Truth
(Continued from page S)
with the light of God-knowledge and
honored them with the title of "The
Holy People." That unfortunate race,
who were trampled under the feet of
tyranny, became the envy of kings and
gave rise to great chiefs and prophets.
They locked up the fate of the world
under the seal of symbology and set
forth the events of the future World of
religion and the appearance of the Final
Reformer, in the' language of prophecy.
Every century of this long cycle was
lighted with a prophetic lamp who ad-
monished and warned them and awak-
ened the spirit of expectation in their
hearts for the coming of the Messiah.
When again the divine Law fell a vic-
tim to the misinterpretation of man and
the priestly influence found prominence
over Truth and sanctity, the children of
Israel became stripped of the Robe of
Holiness and the mirror of their hearts
was stained with the filth of pagan phil-
osophy and Phoenician idolatry. Thus
their unity changed into division, their
harmony into discord, their justice into
oppression, their chastity into wicked-
ness, until finally they entitled them-

