STAR OF THE WEST 193
cacy and yield luscious fruits. Conse-
quently be thou not unhappy, nor be
thou grieved, for she is not counted
amongst the dead. Nay rather she was
dead, she became alive; she was evanes-
cent, she became eternal; she was earth-
ly, she became heavenly; she lived in the
material world, she became wholly spirit-
ual. Like unto a bird she was a prisoner
and captive in the cage of this body.
This cage was broken; that bird winged
its way heavenward, and in the celestial
rose-garden she became the associate and
companion of other divine birds. Thou
shalt find her in that ro-se-garden with
the utmost joy and fragrance.
Convey on my behalf the utmost kind-
ness and love to Mr. and Mrs. Inglis. I
beg of God that in this affliction he may
bestow upon them patience and consola-
tion, and that they may educate their
dear son in accord with their highest and
purest standard.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.

Mrs. Lua Moore Gctsinger
URTHER word comes from Cairo
of the last days of the brave
maid-servant of the kingdom,
Mrs. Lua Gets-inger. Mrs. Getsinger
Went to Cairo last autumn, hoping
to leave so-on for America, and carry
Abdul-Baha's message of light to the
friends in the \/Vest. The friends in
Cairo loved her devotedly and opened
their ho-mes to her. For a number of
months she was at the home of Mirza
Taki Esphaim, "Abdul-Baha's faithful
steward in Cairo," where she suffered
a long illness through the winter. He
and his wife cared for their American
sister most tenderly. "Before and after
this illness," Miss Eleanor Hiscox writes,
though she never recovered her strength,
Lua Gets-inger went about with heroic
will "giving the Bahai teachings, her
Work being chiefly among the young men,
as they are the only ones among the
Egyptians who know English. All
listened to her eagerly, and all were
wonderfully uplifted and blessed by her
inspiring words. The lives of some were
completely transformed by her influence.
Such was the power of the words of
Baha'o'llah upon her lips."
"In the early spring she went to
Shoubra, a suburb of Cairo, to the house
of another Bahai, who greatly desired
that she should remain there for a While
for the sake of her Bahai influence upon
his wife and her family, formerly Chris-
tian. And she spent her time in giving
them all lessons in English, of which
they had some knowledge. They all loved
her devotedly and treated her as their
own sister. It was there her last-days
were passed. One night (it was the 2nd
of May) she awoke with a severe pain
in her heart. She called the family,
who telephoned for a doctor. But before
his arrival she passed into the other
world after uttering three times, 'Ya-
Baha-el-Abha. 
"The grief and sorrow of all the Ba-
ha.is was very great, for all loved her as
a devoted sister. One of the choicest
sites was selected for her tomb. No ex-
pense was spared by the Bahai friends
for their devoted>> sister, beloved by
Abdul-Baha, in the last acts which could
be done for her. How they all loved
her! How they still Weep when they
speak of her!
"Here our sister Lua lies buried in
the sa.me city with Mirza Abul Fazl. The
prophetic Words of Abdul-Baha have
come to pass, for Bahai pilgrims and
friends already visit her grave with of-
ferings of love and devotion."
In the last days of illness she hovered
between the will to serve on earth and
the longing to fly away into the glorious

