srna OF THE WEST 19
ern civilization and the largest city in
tl1e World, and there were many schools
Where learned men and eduea-ted doctors
were teaching all classes of people. 'When
Nebuchadfnezza-r had this dream he sent
for all th-e learned men to come and in-
terpret it, and when they came forth
they Wanted Nebuchadnezzar to explain
his dream first, but he said, "No, I am
not going to explain the dream," etc.
The Ohaldeans a.nsw"ered, "This is some-
thing that is beyond the power of the
people of the World and beyond the
power of the angels, and it is God only
who knows how to tell the dream and
the interpretation thereof, If you Want
to have the dream interpreted, explain
it to us so We may know how to interpret
it." This answer, made by the learned
men, made the king angry and he com-
manded that all the wise men in Babylon
be destroyed, saying, have spent
much money t.o educate these people, and
now they cannot interpret my dream.
What is the use of spending money and
educating thenit" Then the gua.rd of the
king' Went forth and brought. all the
learned men, to slay them, and among
them was Daniel and his three friends
who were brought to Babylon by Nebu-
chadnezzar. Although the Jewish tribes
Were also holy and chaste people in that
day, still the divine spirit was only mani-
fest in Daniel. As the people, who are
the Manifestations of the Spirit or the
Word of God, are grand and glorious,
and as Daniel manifested the Great
Spirit in that day and Was, therefore,
a glorious man to look upon, the king 's
guard did' not Want him to be slain, and
Went to him to know What should be
done. Daniel asked the ki11g"s guard Why
the king wanted to slay all the learned
men. Then Daniel said, Go forth to the
king and say that I will interpret this
dream for him." As the king's guard,
himself, was in favor of the learned men
and did not Want so many gr-eat people
to be slain, he Went to the king and told
him that there was a man among the cap-
tives of the Israelites Who said he would
interpret the dream for him.
Then the king said they should not kill
the learned men, but wait until tomor-
row. The king's guard then Went to Dan-
iel and said that the king wanted him to
explain the dream. "When Daniel and-
his three friends were saved from this
imminent danger they Went home, and
he said, "Let us pray this evening and
not sleep let us beg of God to enlighten
me." God made himself manifest to
Daniel and told him about the dream
and its interpretation. He prayed that
night, and after he to- sleep he had
a dream in which God explained to him
everything concerning the drealn. The
next morning he went with the king's
guard into the presence of the king, and
after chanting praises and thanks to the
king, he began to explain to him con-
cerning the dream. Then he said': 
king, thou hast seen in the dream a
grand looking image. The head of that
image was gold, his breast was silver, his
belly and thighs were of brass, his legs
of iron and his feet pa-rt of iron and part
of clay. And when thou Wert looking
at the image, a large stone was cut out
of heaven, without hands, and came
right on the image and destroyed it.
Then all the parts of the body of the
image were broken in pieces and scat-
tered. lt was utterly broken and des-
troyed." He said, "This dream is true
and this Will happen. God has explained
to the king, in this dream, the events
which will happen in the latter days.
Know thou, king, that' that golden
head is thine, that is to say, the Cl1ald'ean
kingdom, and then after thy kingdom
will come another kingdom which is in-
ferior to thine, but it will also be a great
kingdom, and that represents the breast
which is of silver, Then will fol-
low another kingdom which will be
still smaller than the two, and it
is represented by the brass of
which the belly and thighs were made.
The fourth kingdom shall be as strong
(Continued on page 22)

