176 swan or
delight to hear the above Words of light.
Abdul-Baha answered:
am likewise very grateful to you.
Praise be to God, that your churches are
free from prejudices. They are not so
creed-bound as not to be able to breathe.
Many Christian churches in Europe are
yet extremely dogmatic. But I have
already spoken in churches belonging to
your denomination. The congregations
consisted of most intelligent people. This
is a great distinction. Hence I love you
with all my heart and soul. My chief
aim is to remove the pI'eSe1it3 misunder-
THE WEST
standing between the nations of the
East and 'West, so that we may express
cordial love toward each other and pro-.
mote the essentials of the heavenly civili-
zation. 1 hope that such a confirmation
may be vouclisafed us, so that we may
become united."
The Bishop said: "Up to this time
no one has come from the East to the
West with such power, such lucid teach-
ings and such an exalted aim. There-
fore I am very grateful to you and most
pleased to have met you. 
"We must prepare ourselves for the reception
of spiritual favors"
Letter from Mirza Ahmad Sohrab.
Haifa, Syria, March 5, 1916.
My dear sister in Truth:
Your very kind note of Dec. 2-1st,
1915, enclosing at brief petition for Ab-
dul-Baha, received and its contents pre-
sented to- him. He assured me that at
the Divine Threshold, he will pray for
. . . . so that heavenly benediction
may descend upon him and the spirit of
assurance may encircle him.
The bounties of the Lord of Hosts are
limitless but there must also be a Will-
ingness to receive and a capacity to ab-
sorb those bounties. The rain descends
upon the tilled and the untilled soil alike;
out of the first useful grains grow, While
the. second may be covered with thorns
and bushes. We must plough the ground
of our hearts, not with the old tools of
the time of Noah, but With modern agri-
cultural implements, scatter the seeds
and Wait for the rain. But if We are
living far from the ocean and do not re-
ceive enough rain, like the many "Test-
ern States, We must be up and doing, dig
canals, construct dams and bring the
water Within our door, to irrigate our
lands and produce an abundance of
crops. Under any circumstances a great
deal depends upon our own exertion; We
hunger and thirst after the bread and
water of God's blessings; We can attract
God 's be-nediction upon ourselves by our
sincere strivings; Many years ago in
Egypt there was hardly any rainfall, the
government ordered the farmers to plant
a Whole lot of trees all over the country,
those trees brought atmospheric changes
and now its annual rainfall is quite high.
Similarly, God has given us the power
and strength to attract His blessings and
change the desert of our hearts into rose-
gardens.
The remarkable growth of Spokane is
another years ago
Spokane was a city With about thirty-six
thousand inhabitants. In 1910 the pop-
ulation reached to- nearly one hundred
and five thousand. What has brought
this stupendous growth'? Of course you
and others who live there and enjoy its
beautiful scenery know the reasons better
than I. My ob~ject, however, is this; vve
must prepare ourselves fo-r the reception
of spiritual favors, we must strive and
Work and be always cheerful and never
get discouraged and ever be hopeful, joy-
giver, hope-bringer. Soon We shall reach
the height of vision and
beauty.
Ever your faithful brother,
Ahmad S071-razb.

