E4-6 T-A 
Jesus returned from Egypt, he lived in
this town until he entered 11p011 his great
work of spiritual love. All the scenes that
are directly related to the Manifestations
of God are precious in the sight of 
especially in the estimation of those who
are born generations afterwards. They
look upon such scenes with the eyes of
faith; they spiritualize every event con-
nected with their lives; they kiss the
very stones upon which they imagine
these Godlike men have walked they
carry away its soil as a sacred memento,
and they keep its memory fresh in their
minds all through their lives. . . . .
Yesterday afternoon, Abdul-Baha came
up to the Pilgrims' Home to visit the
holy tomb of the Bab- before his depar-
ture for Tiberias. As it was Sunday, all
the friends had come up also. He sat
for half an hour in the sun, and I was
glad to translate for him and others the
general contents o-f your last letter of
December 2, 1915. Everyone was pleased
to hear the good news of the progress of
the Cause of human brotherhood and in-
ternational peace. "Very good! Very
good!" Abdul-Baha said. After drink-
ing tea, we followed him into the sacred
tomb and as each p,erson entered the holy
room, he gave him the rosewater. It
was' a beautiful, quiet' service. Abdul-
Baha prayed for all the believers in
Europe and America, and hoped that the
outpourings of the Holy Spirit may de-
scend upon every one of them. Never did
we pray for and remember the believers
as we are doing in these days. I am,
'Your faithful brother,
Ahmad Sohrab.
THE WEST
Mount Carmel, Haifa, Syria,
August 12, 1915.
To Arthur Pillsbury Dodge.
My Dear Spiritual Brother:
What are the 'Pacifists doing'? Why
do we not hear their voices? We
always hoped America would-play a most
important part in bringing about the
question of International Arbitration and
our hope is still undimmed and our faith
strong. This glorious service must as-
suredly be rendered by the Americans,
and this Sun must arise from the hori-
zon of that liberty-loving country.
Praise be to Cod that the health of
Abdul-Baha is good and all the friends
in Acca and Haifa are under the shade
of the tree of his divine protection. For
about a month he stayed with us on the
high and breezy slope of Mount Carmel,
but it is now' three days since he has
gone down to visit the family. \Ve are
so fortunate as to have the privilege of
seeing him three or four times a day, lis-
tening to- his elevating talks and being
uplifted by his spirituality and joyous-

As you know things move slowly in the
east and the people walk in the beaten
track of their ancestors; consequently
nothing happens in these days worth re-
lating. All the news imparts sadness
and sorrowAbdul-Baha sends to you and all, his
heartfelt greetings. I wish so much. I
could write a letter to each one of the
friends, but this cannot be done nowa-
days.
I am as ever, your faithful brother,
Ahmad Soh/rab.
In a recent letter to the financial secretary of B.-ahai Temple Unity, a friend
writes 
"There are about twenty ways in which -we could spend a given dollar these
days without' being convicted of eittravagances. But, as my husband said last
month, "When we deprive ourselves, it is a small matter, even if it means serious
personal discomfort; if we deprive the Mashrak-el-Azkar, the whole race will be
deprived of the wonderful lessons it is going to teach."

