168 STAR OF THE WEST
gotten?" Its mention will be recorded
eternally in books and works of history.
Therefore, be thou happy that, praise
be to God, thou hast an illumined heart,
a living spirit and art vivified with a
merciful breath. Convey my greeting,
longing and respect to the Editor of
Labor Retriew and say: "This paper of
yours in the future ages will become
superior to all the newspapers of the
world, because you have published in
its columns the proclamation of the king-
dom of Abha. I hope thou wilt' become
assisted to promote the teachings of
Bal1a'o'llal1. Then thou wilt observe
that this paper has become a luminous
star and the cause of the illumination
of the hearts of humanity."
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Aenns.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
September 12, 1913, Ramleh, Egypt.)
Mi
*Refers to his riding on the bumpers
between railway baggage cars and on
freight trains from Minneapolis, Minn.,
to Green Acre, Maine, in order to see
Abdul-Baha.
"We are ourselves the means of our degradation
and exaltation"
Extract from the diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, January 23, 1914
YOUNG man by the name of
Mirza Lotfullah, who has been
hero (Haifa) for a month, was
about to leave t'his afternoon for Aleppo,
so Abdul-B-aha address-ed him, saying:
"Now that thou hast decided to live
in Aleppo, thou must act, speak and con-
duct thyself with such holiness, sanctity,
purity and chastity as to attract to the
Cause everyone who co-mes i11 contact
with thee, that everyone may testify that
here lives in our midst an upright and
virtuous man, that he has turned his
face God, that he is spiritual,
celestial and divine. A person through
his own actions and deeds makes himself
loved or disliked by the people; or
through his own unselfish conduct and
behavior, refined morality and selfless
intention, trustworthiness and rectitude
he suffers himself to beco-me favored and
beloved at the threshhold of God.
There is a young man of Jewish origin
in the college of Beirut by the name of
Mirza Habbib-ollah Khodabaksh, who
has fulfilled these requirements. For-
merly he was not known, but now every-
one knows him through his sanctity, pur-
ity of life, sincerity of. aim and the
beauty of his holiness, and he is favored
and near the court of the Almighty, and
loved and respected by all. From Whom-
soever you inquire of him the utmost
satisfaction and pleasure is expressed
concerning him.
Therefore, it is now proven that we
are ourselves the means of our degrada-
tion and exaltation; that people are at-
tracted to us or repelled by us according
to the attributes and deeds emanating
from us, In short, I hope that thou
mayst live in such wise in Aleppo that
all the inhabitants: may exclaimz "This
man is not a Baha.i in a nominal way,
but in a real manner; he is a Bahai
in deed and not in Words alone.' For
this reason his holiness Baha.'o'llah
hath said: 'My sorrow is no-t occasioned
by my enemies, b-ut by those souls who
attribute themselves ~t0 me but Whose
deeds and actions are conducive to the
degradation of the Cause.' 
While Abdul-Baha was walking in the
rose-garden he passed by Haji Mullah
Abou Taleb, the very old man with
stooped shoulders and long beard. He

