98 STAR OF
the lo-ve of God become manifest in the
heart, the greater will be the penetration
of the Word.
I declare by the bounty of the Blessed
Perfection, that nothing will produce re-
sults save intense sincerity! Nothing
will be productive of fruit save complete
advancement toward God! Everything
is condemned save severance, and every
idea is fruitless and unacceptable save
supplication, communion, prayer and
obedience. We must entirely collect our
scattered thoughts, purify and sanctify
the house of our existence from every at-
tachment, and make the palace of our
he-arts the nest and shelter of the dove
of holiness. Then, and not till then, will
the significance of confirmation and as-
sistance become evident and known, the
power of the Kingdom become apparent,
and the hosts of the Supreme Concourse
run swiftly into the arena of heavenly
conquest, to gain victory over the east
and west of the hearts, and make the
north and south of the spirits of men the
flowery regions of the love of God.
We must entirely focus- our thoughts
upon the diffusion of the divine light and
the building of the heavenly foundation.
God, make all my ideals and
thoughts one ideal and one thought and
suffer me to attain to an eternal, un-
changeable condition in thy service!
I ask of God, and I supplicate
and entreat at the threshold of One-
ness, that thy utmost desire may become
realized. The d'esire of the sanctified
souls is always sacrifice in the path of
God, attraction to the merciful fra-
grances, the vivification of the souls, the
proclamation of the universal peace, the
establishment of the oneness of humanity
and the enkindlement of the fire of the
love of God in the souls of men. It is
my hope that the desire of the friends of
God be as such, so that they may be re-
leased from the influences of the ephem-
THE VVEST
eral world, shine in the kingdom of
eternity, be exhilarated by the wine of
the love of' God, and, like unto the tem-
pestuous sea, rage and roar with the
ardor of the love o-f God. I desire this
station for thee.
Today the greatness of the believers. of
God' depends upon delivering the Cause
of God, diffusing the fragrances of God,
self-sacrifice in the love of 
LLAH, and attainment to attraction, love,
knowledge and Wisdo-m. This door is
open before the face of everyone and
this arena is spacious for the skill of all.
Everyone must think of this alone, and
know that success and prosperity depend
upon it.
Whenever the heart finds attraction,
the spirit seeks ecstasy and exultation
and turns itself toward the Kingdom, the
confirmation of the Holy Spirit will de-
scend. Thou Wilt be taught and encour-
aged; thy tongue will be loosened, utter-
ing clear and decisive explanations.
Therefore, when one has attained to spir-
itual success and prosperity, material
advantage Will not be of much impor-
tance. Consequently, if thou art desir-
ing to become assisted in the service,
detach thyself from the world, and be-
come thou attracted to the merciful
fragrances. Seek his (God's) remem-
brance day and night, discover his path
and announce his mystery. Then thou
wilt find thyself in such a condition that
thy breath will become effective in
every soul.
I now assure thee, servant of God,
that if thy mind becomes empty and
pure of every mention and thought
and thy heart attracted wholly to the
Kingdom of God, forgetting all else be-
sides God and becoming communicative
with the Spirit of God, then the I-Ioly
Spirit will assist thee with a power
which will enable theeto penetrate all
things, and a dazzling spark which en-
lightens all sides, a brilliant flame in the

