32 STAR OF THE WEST
0 0 
Baha 0 llah in Chains in Teheran
Extracts from a talk given by Abdul-Baha at Los Angeles, Saturday evening, October 19, 1912
HE Blessed Beauty 
I appeared in Persia, in Teheran.
was in the utmost of ease and
affluence. He was most influential and
surrounded with luxury. All the pleas-
ures of the transitory world were pro-
vided for him, and all the grandces of
Persia longed to enjoy the influence and
affluence, the things of wealth and posi-
tion of But consider that
he suffered all these things to be separ-
ated from him. He sacrificed his honor,
his fame and his station amongst men,
sacrificing all, even his life. Ever was
he subjected t'o the sword, and many
were the ordeals which he endured, a11d
many were the indignities to which he
was subjected. How' many nights he
passed beneath chains, how many days
in dark dungeons!
When I visited the dungeon in Teher-
an, as a child, in order to see 
'LLAH--when the door was opened
there were some steps leading down into
the place. They took me as far as mid-
way. I peered through the darkness;
I could not find anyone; it was ex-
ceedingly gloomy. Then I heard the
blessed voice saying, "Take him
away." VVl1en I heard his voice I tried
to see the Blessed Beauty, but because
of the great darkness I could no-t. Then
I was taken out; they s.eated me. They
said it was customary ab-out midday to
take the prisoners out for their meals;
so there I sat. About noon the jailers
were all ready and the prisoners were
taken out. I saw neck in
chains, and another, both chained to the
same links, a link about his neck and
another about the person who was
chained with him. The weight of the
chain was so excessive that his neck was
bent; he walked with great difficulty,
and he was in a very sad condition. His
clothes were tattered and battered; even
the hat on his head was torn. He was
in the most severe ordeal and his health
was quite visibly failing. They brought
me and seated me, and they took him
to the place where there was a pond, in
order that he might wash his face. After
that they took him back to the dungeon
and, although I was a child, I was so
overcome I was unconscious. And then
said, "Take the child to
the house,"therefore I was taken away.
This shows one of the ordeals of his
life, and you can judge of the others
accordingly. During fifty years, many
were his vicissitudes. He suffered all
these catastrophes for us, that we may
turn to God; that we may attain to
faith; that we may attain to certainty;
that we may act in accordance with his
teachings that we may be the cause of the
illumination of the world; that we may
be the means of guiding the people. And
now I wish that you in the light of these
sufferings of the Blessed Beauty for our
guidance, for our illumination--likewise
may be self-sacrificing'. We must not for-
get his favors; we must' not forget his
troubles; we must not forget his catas-
trophes. We must ever remember them,
StI'lVing' that perchance, in thanksgiving
for these favors, we may offer worthy
service; we may be the cause of guiding
the people; we may act in accordance
wit'h his instructions; we may live in ac-
cordance with his behests; we may forget
ourselves; and that, like those holy souls
who have sacrificed' their lives, we may
sacrifice our lives; we may be the cause
of the heavenly peace; be the cause of the
spreading of his fragrances; be the
cause of the spread of his teachings. His
teachings are the cause of the life of
humanity; his teachings unify man-
kind; his teachings render eternal hono-r
to man; his teachings are the cause of
the sublimity of human nature; his
teachings cause man to attain to progress
and prosperity. His teachings are con-
ducive to man 's entrance into the King-
dom of Salvation.

