STAR OF THE WEST
zenith of the heavens will teach thee
that which you do not know of the facts
of the universe and of the divine doc-
trine. Every soul who ariseth today to
guide others to the path of safety and
imbue in them the spirit of life, the Holy
Spirit will inspire that soul with evi-
dences, proofs and facts and the lights
will shine upon. it from the Kingdom of
God.
Rest assured . . . the breaths of
the Holy Spirit will aid you provided no
doubts obtain in your heart.
T'o be engage-d in diffusing the frag-
rance of God (teaching the Truth) in
one hour of time, is better than the do-
minion of the world and all therein;
for the latter is mortal and tempo-rary,
while the former is permanent and end-
less.
Thou hast written what shouldst thou
do and what prayer shouldst thou offer
in order to become informed of the 1nys-
teries of God: Pray thou with an at-
99
tracted heart and supplicate with a spirit
stirred by the glad tidings of God. Then
the doors of the kingdom of mysteries
shall be opened before thy fa-ce, and thou
shalt comprehend the realities of all
things.
I desire every Bahai to b-e severed
and detached. If he passes between two
mountains of gold, he must not look to
either side. These souls who have en-
tered under the shade of the Blessed
Perfection must show such independence
as to astonish the people of the world".
If men come to them with money and
supplicate to them to accept it, they must
reject it.
He who is filled with the love of the
Glory (of God) and forgets all things,
the Holy Spirit will be heard from his
lips and the spirit of life will fill his
heart, the light of the sign will shine
forth from his face, the words will issue
from his mouth in strands of pearls, and
all sickness and disease will be healed by
the laying on o-f his hands.
How may we move and transform the hearts?
king, humbly and submissively,
not With the force of insistence--
imperatively, strenuously--but with gen-
tleness and' sweetness, submitting the ar-
guments and truths to the heart and
intellect of the hearer. Be as the servant
of God, and therefore the servant of the
hearer, taking care a.t all times to adapt
the offered' food to the condition and
station of the listener, giving milk to
babes and meat to those who have grown
stro-nger. This food is to be offered for
the sake of God only, not for the love of
the hearer nor for the benefit of oneself
but simply because God wishes his Mani-
festation to beco-me known and to be
loved by those who come to know him.
If one teaches one who-m he loves be-
TEACII as if offering a gift to a
cause of his love, then he will not teach
him whom he loves not and this is not
of God. If one teaches in order to de-
rive the promised benefit himself, this,
too, is not of God. If he teaches because
of God's will, that God may become
known and for that reason only, he will
receive knowledge and wisdom and his
will have effect and will take root
in the souls of those who are in the right
condition to receive them, for they will
have been made more powerful by the
Holy Spirit. In such a case the benefit
to the teacher in growth is as ninety
parts compared to the ten parts of gain
received by the hearer; for the teacher
becomes like a tree bearing fruit through
the power of God.
A Compilation.

