190 sran or
substance found in the mineral kingdom
becomes growing vegetable life through
the effect of the word of God. This veg-
etable soul, i. e. "virtue augmentative,"
or power of growth, is a quality which is
produced by the admixture of elements,
and appears in accidental organisms, of
which contingency is an essential attri-
bute.
(3) In the animal kingdom it is called
"sense perceptions" (or instinct). This
soul term, as applied to the animal king-
dom, is also a natural quality resulting
from the mixture of the elements, and
it appears from their mingling and com-
bination, for it is a quality which results
from the composition of bodies (organ-
isms), and is dispersed at their decom-
position. From this we are to under-
stand that the animal soul is not endowed
with the capacity of attaining immor-
tality, as the life force is dispersed at
the decomposition of the animal tissues.
All these things up to this point are a
contingent reality, and are not a divine
reality. But a. contingent reality, which
is perpetuated by the fullness of exist.-
ence, will then sufier no corruption, and
will thus become a divine reality, for the
accidental reality is only distinguished
from the existent reality by its subjection
to corruption. For transformation is an
essential necessity to every contingent
reality, and this is what the mature wis-
dom has deemed advisable.
(4) In the human, soul sig-
nifies the "rational being, or mind."
This has a potential existence before its
appearance in human life. It is like
unto the existence of a tree Within the
seed. The existence of the tree within
the seed is potential; but When the seed
is sown and Watered, the signs thereof,
its roots and branches, and all of its
different qualities, appear. Likewise, the
"rational soul" has a potential exist-
ence before its appearance in the human
body, and through the mixture of ele-
ments and a wonderful combination, ac-
cording to the natural order, law, con-
ception, and birth, it appears with its
identity.
THE WEST
Be it known that to know the reality
or essence of the soul of man is impos-
sible, for, in order to know a thing, one
must comprehend it, and since a thing
cannot comprehend itself, to know one 's
self in substance or essence is impossible.
As the comprehender cannot be compre-
hendcd, man cannot know himself in
reality or essence. In order to obtain
knowledge of any reality, or soul of man,
the student must study the manifesta-
tions, qualities, names and characteristics
of man. This much can be stated, that
the reality of man is a pure and un-
known essence constituting a depository,
emanating from the Light of the Ancient
This essence or soul of
man, because of its innate purity, and its
connection with the unseen Ancient En-
tity, is old as regards time, but new as
regards individuality. This connection
is similar to that of the ray of the sun--
the effect to the primal cause. Otherwise,
the thing that is generated, or the creat-
ure, has no connection with or relation to
its Generator or its Creator.
Since the pure essence, identity
is unknown, possesses the virtues of the
Worlds of 'matter and of the Kingdom,
it has two sides--first, the material and
physical; second, the mental and spirit-
are att.rib-utes not found as
qualities of matter. It is the same reality
which is given different names, accord-
ing to the different conditions wherein
it becomes manifest. Because of its at-
tachment to matter and the phenomenal
World, when it physical func-
tions of the body, it is called the human
soul. When it manifests itself as the
thinker, the comprehende-r, it is called
the mind. And when it soars into the
atmosphere of God, and travels in the
spiritual world, it becomes designated as
spirit.
There are two sides to man. One is
divine, the other one is lumin-
ous, the other dark; one is angelic, the
other diabolic; man is equal to the ani-
mals in all sensuous conditions, for all
animal characteristics exist in him. Like-
wise, divine and satanic qualities are con-

