STAR OF THE WEST 81
and joined him. When I told him of the
organization of such a society in America
he laughed heartily and said: 'It is
very World needs more happi-
ness and illumination. The star of hap-
piness is in every heart: we must remove
the clouds so that it may twinkle radi-
antly. Happiness is an eternal condi-
tion. 'When it is once established, man
will ascend to the supreme heights of
bliss. A t'ruly happy man will not be
subject to the shifting eventualities of
time. Like unto an eternal king he will
sit upon the throne of fixed realities.
He will be impervious to outward chang-
ing of circumstances and through his
deeds and actions, impart happiness to
others. A Bahai must be happy, for the
blessings of God are bestowed upon
him'."
'(From Mirza Ahmad Sohrab's Diary,
January 7, 1914.)
Abdul-Baha Speaks on Divine Politics
and Other Topics
(Continued from page 77)
God, this veil does not exist in the world
of spirit. The hearts speak with each
other. There was once organized i11
Persia a society whose chief character-
istic was that they spoke without the
tongue, and with the slightest sign could
communicate many important matters.
This society progressed to such a degree
that with the motion of a finger abstruse
matters could be understood. The gov-
ernment feared that they might organize
a society against the government and
since none could understand their pur-
pose they might work great mischief.
Therefore they suppressed them.
wish to tell you a story about this
society. Anyone who desired to join it
had to stand at the door. Then they con-
sulted with each ot'her by signs and gave
their opinions without speaking. Once
a person With an a.wful looking visage
stood at the door. The president looked
at his face and saw what an awful look-
ing figure he had. There~was a cup on
the table containing water, The presi-
dent poured in some water until it was
full to the brim. This was the sign of
rejection. It meant that there was no
room among them for that person. But
the man was intelligent. He took a tiny
piece of a flower leaf and with the ut-
most deference entered the room and put
it on the surface of the water in the cup.
He laid it so carefully that the water in
the cup did not move. All were de-
lighted. He meant that he did not need
a big place, that he was like a fiower
leaf which does not need a place. They
clapped their hands and accepted him.
All their conversation was with signs;
they progressed very much and by this
method intelligence and memory became
keen and their power in reading the face
increased. Often they spoke to each other
with their eyes. With the utmost clear-
ness they conversed with each other by
the motions of their eyes." . . .
Someone asked about the future of
America. Abdul-Baha answered that" In
the future all the countries of America
such as Mexico and Canada, and even
South America will join the Union."
Some one asked about the great uni-
versal war among the nations. Abdul-
Baha replied: "It must come, but
America will not be involved. This
wa.r will be in Europe. You have taken a
corner 'for yourselves. You do not inter-
fere with others' business. You are not
thinking of taking the European coun-
tries, and there is no one who is.greedy
to take your land. You are safe be-
cause the Atlantic ocean is a very strong,
natural fort."
Someone asked regarding the forms of
government, such as the republican, the
constitutional, etc.

