122 STAR OF THE VVEST
"Towards the orphans the utmost
consideration must be shown"
Portion of a Tablet revealed by Abdul-Baha for Mrs. Oora Dit-
mars, of Spokane, Vilashington.
thou happy and blessed one!
In this holy Cause the question of the
education and the maintenance of the
orphans has the utmost importance. To-
wards the orphans the utmost considera-
tion must be shown, they must be taught
and instructed; especia.lly the teachings
of his holiness must be
given freely to every orphan according
to the means at hand. I beg of God
that to the orphaned children thou mayst
become a kind father and mother, to
quicken them with the fragrances of the
Holy Spirit--thus they may attain to
the age of maturity, and each one may
become the real servant of the World of
humanity--nay rather, they may become
as bright candles in the assemblages of
mankind. I
1s THE 
never ask anyone to send me money"
A Talk Given by Abdul-Baha to Mr. Remey and Mr. Latimer at
Haifa, October 15, 1914.
HEN you return to America say
to all the believers in my be-
half that whenever a person
comes to that country, no matter to What
nationality he may belong, a11d tries to
collect money in my name, know that it
has no connection With me. I am free
from it. Whosoe\*e1* asks for money for
me, does so of his own volition. There
are some people who desire to collect
money under all kinds of pretexts. I
desire to impress upon your minds that
I have nothing to do with such affairs.
I never ask anyone to send me money.
Wliosoever loves money does not love
God a11d whosoever loves God does not
love money.
On the other hand, if some of the
believers voluntarily desire to help and
assist one another or some philanthropic
institutions, Whose objects are for the
public Welfare a11d progress, it is very
good and praiseworthy. I do not desire
that anyone shall ask money in my name
for any affair. The souls must be de-
tached from the World. Those souls who
are attached to this World and its Wealth
are deprived of spiritual advancement.
The believers must live such an inde-
pendent life that if one comes and begs
them to accept money, they should re-
fuse him. As long as the souls are not
severed, how do they expect to journey
along the ideal path?
On the eve of my departure from New
York, I told a number of believers that
his holiness Christ has stated that
"When you leave a city, shake its dust
from off your feet." So far, very few
people have lived according to this be-
hest, but it is my Will to live accordingly.
Before coming to America, the believers
of God, through Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
offered for my traveling expenses 
but I did not accept one cent. Man must
live in the utmost sanctity and purity
and he must ever think to assist others
and not beg assistance from them.
I11 short, may you ever be confirmed
and assisted. May you ever be illumined;
may you ever be the means of the guid-
ance of the people; may you ever breathe
the breath of life in the hearts; may you
be the signs of mercy to all mankind
may you be the shining lamps of sever-
ance and detachment in this dark World

