152 swan or THE 
with limitless regrets, will hasten to the
other world.
It is my aim that thou mayst ad-
vance to such an extent in the perfectio-ns
in the realm of man, in the divine man-
ifestations a.nd the susceptibilities of the
conscience as to become an angel of
heaven and a manifestation of the favors
of the Merciful.
(Extract from Tablet to an American
believer; translated July 17, 1910.)
0 my servants! The Ancient Beauty"
commands: I-Iasten to the shadow of im-
mortality, nearness and mercy from the
shadow of desire, remoteness and heed-
lessness. Be ye resigned like unto the
earth, so that the fragrant, sacred, multi-
colored of my knowledge may
grow in the soil of existence. Be ye
ablaze like unto fire, so that ye may con-
sume thick veils and quicken and im-
mortalize the cold and veiled bodies
through the heat of divine love. Be ye
pure like unto air so that ye may enter
the sacred abode of my friendship.
servants! If ye be informed of the
wonders of my generosity and grace
which I have .deposited in yourselves ye
will certainly be cut from all directions
and seeking to know your own selves,
which is -identical with knowing myself,
will find yourselves independent of all
save me and will see the ocean of my
providence and the deeps of my benefi-
cence in yourselves, with your outward
and inward eye, as manifest and clear as
the sun shining from the name of Abha-It
Do not waste this most wonderful, most
holy station, through the promptings of
fancy and desire and through the false-
hoods of superstition and blindness. Ye
are like unto a bird which, with all joy
and fragrance soars with the utmost se-
curity in the cheerful air of the Praised
One. Then in the (imaginary) hope of
grains it inclines toward the mud and
water of the earth and, with all eager-
ness, besmears itself with dust and mire.
Then, when it attempts to reascend it
'*'tNames for God.
finds itself unable and a captive, fores-
much as wings besmeared with water and
clay are not capable of flight. At that
time that bird of the exalted heaven
finds itself a dweller in the mortal earth!
Now, servants, d0- not besmear your
wings with the mire of heedless-ness and
imagination and the earth of animosity
and rancor so that ye be deprived and
prevented from soaring in the sacred
heaven of knowledge.
servants! If ye are possessed of
sight, enter the city of seeing. If ye
are the people" of hearing, step into the
land of hearing. ?61 if ye are the pos-
sessors of hearts, choose an abode in the
fortress of the assured ones so that in
these dark days ye may not be veiled
from witnessing the lights of the beauty
of Aloha. . . .
servants! Inscribe the exhorte-
tions of the Spirit with the pen of resig-
nation and the ink of sub-mission and
assurance upon the tablet of your heart
and turn in every instant lest ye may
neglect a single letter thereof, and ad-
vance toward the True One with all ex-
ertion, turning away from all else save
him. For this is the root of the leaf of
command grown upon the divine tree.
. . . This world is a show without
reality a.nd is a non-existence adorned
in the form of existence. Do not attach
your hearts thereto. Do not sever your-
selves from your Creator and be not of
those who are headless.
Truly I say, the wo-rld is like unto a
mirage which has the shadow of water.
Those who are athirst make abundant
efforts in its search but when reaching
it remain deprived and po-rtionless. Or,
it is like unto the image of a loved one
which is destitute of life and soul; when
the lover reaches it he finds it of no worth
and value and finds no gain save great
pain and despondency. . -. .
('Words of in a Tablet called
Tablet of Ahmad.)

Son of Dust! All things in the
heavens and in the earth have I ordained

