STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
th td' slty eligi hall cea a differences of ee be annulled So it shall be these fruitless strifes
a iver 0 on a . 
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VII Elm l, 72 (October 16, 1916) No. 12
The Mystery of Sacrifice
Address delivered by Abdul-Baha during his visit to America
in 1912.
you concerning the mystery of
sacrifice. There are two kinds of
is the spiritual sacrifice.
You have, of course, heard of tl1e phys-
ical sacrifice. You have heard sacrifice
spoken of in the churches but not the
real truth.
They explain that reality in the form
of superstition. It is recorded in the Gos-
pel that his holiness Christ said, am
the bread which came down from heaven.
He who partakes of this bread shall find
eternal life." And that he said the wine
was his blood which he had sacrificed for
the quickening of the world. Now these
verse-s have been interpreted b-y the
churches in a superstitious way, in
such a way that it is impossible for hu-
man reason to accept it, nor can any wise
man conceive of that interpretation.
They say his holiness Adam acted
against the command of God and partook
of the forbidden tree; thus he committed
wrong and his transgression was trans-
mitted as a heritage to the posterity of
Adam. That is, they say that because of
the sin committed by Adam, all his de-
scendents have likewise committed trans-
gression, that is, have become responsible,
and that sin and transgression were in-
herited by all mankind; consequently, all
men deserve punishment and must re-
ceive retribution. Andi then God spake
to his kind Son, "Go thou forth and be
a sacrifice, in order that I, the Lord,
THIS evening I Wish to speak to
shall, through you, forgive all mankind,
so that the human race shall be delivered
from that transgression.' 
But now We Want you to consider this
from the standpoint of reason, through
the of reason. Can you conceive of
his highness, the Divinity, Who is Justice
itself, punishing the descendents of
Adam on account of the transgression
committed by that man? Men are hu-
man, and yet when we see a governor, a
ruler of men, punishing a son of a man
who commits wrong, We look upon that
ruler' as an unjust man. We say, "Even
if the father committed wrong, what was
the Wrong committed by the son?"
There is no connection between the
two.
Adamposter-
ity, especially as Adam is a thousand
generations back of the man of today.
When the father of a thousand genera-
tions committed a Wrong, is it just that
the present generation should suffer the
consequences therefor?
Still greater proof is this: his holiness
Abraham was a holy Manifestation of
God. The generations following Adam,
who is said to have committed the wrong,
which should suffer punishment, included
among them his holiness Abraham, his
holiness Ishmael, his holiness Isaac, his
holiness Jeremiah, and so on along the
whole line of prophets who descended
from Adam, like David, Solomon, and
allthese go to the internal

