136 sraa on THE 
of speech is one of the mo-st fruitful
causes of dislike and distrust that exists
between nations, which are kept apart
by their inability to understand each
other 's language more than by any other
reason. If everybody could speak one
language, how much easier would it be
to serve humanity!"
UNIVERSAL PEACE
"Every century 110-lds the solution of
one predominating problem. Although
there may be many problems, yet one of
the innumerable problems will loo-m
large and be-come the most important of
all. In the pas-t' century, the most im-
portant question that occupied the mind
of man was the establishment of polit-
ical freedom and this aim was more or
less broadcast. But in this luminous
century the greatest bestowal of the
world of humanity is Universal Peace,
which must be founded, so that the
realm of creation may obtain composure,
the East and the West, which include in
their arms the five coiitinentsz of the
globe, may embrace each other, mankind
may rest beneath the tent of oneness of
the world of humanity, and the flag of
universal peace may wave over all the
regions. As long as this sentiment has
not become the light of the assemblages
of the world of humanity, eternal pros-
perity will not be obtained and estrange-
ment will not be changed into good-fel-
lowship. Like unto a spirit, this ideal
must run and circulate through the veins
and arteries of the body of the world."
Today the commercial and financial
relations of the various countries of the
world are so closely interwoven that the
slightest rumor of war affects the mar-
kets and upsets the equilibrium of busi-
ness everywhere. This relationship is
such, that when two nations go to war,
the result is inevitable--both the victor
and the vanquished are losers. "The
two combatants are like unto two ships
which collide with each" other. One may
sink to the bottom of the sea, but the
other will also carry away its injuries
and bruises." In fact international ties
are so delicate that not only the com-
batants suffer but all the nations are
affected. Vi/lhat a shock business received
in the United States during the Boer
VV;-ar when England withdrew two hun-
dred and fifty merchant ships from
active trade to assist in military opera-
tions! No one denies the devastating and
paralyzing shock to the trade, commerce
and industry of the entire world remit-
ing from the present war, yet man, suf-
fering' from the results, does not attempt
to remove the causes. He is blinded by
the illusion of racial, patriotic, political
and religious prejudices, and by his
greed for the control of the economic
surplus--produced at the expense of the
masses even though be bears a burden
of taxation for military purposes which
deprives him of the means of proper
livelihood. Truly man today knows no
peace for, "in reality war is continuous.
The moral effect of the expenditures of
these colossal sums of money for military
purposes is just as deteriorating as the
actual war and its train of dreadful car-
nage and horrors." "Such a financial
drain ossifies the veins and muscles of
the body politic a.nd congeals the delicate
sensibilities of the spirit."
"Today the true duty o-f a powerful
king is to establish a universal peace;
for verily it signifies the freedom of all
the people of the world. Some persons
who are ignorant of the world of true
humanity and its high ambitions for the
general good, reckon such a glorious con-
dition of life to be very difficult, nay
rather impossible to compass. But it is
not so, far from it."
Alas, however, "the kings and rulers
of the world are not yet ready to
acknowledge that universal peace is con-
ducive to the life of the world of human-
ity. In a similar strain the nobles, the
demagogues, and those in authority find
their glory and reputation in naval and
military preparedness. Consequently it
is impossible that 'economic contentment'
be realized by the people of the world

