STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES YEAR I
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post office at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add sufficient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! I-IE IS con!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
firnmess!
1. -- H7 
Vol. VII Eizzat 1, 72 (September 8, 1916) N0. 10
Tablets from Abdul-Baha
"Wl1at wonderful and joy imparting songs are
raised from the pages of the
STAR or THE WEsr!"
Haifa, Syria, June 21, 1916.
Miss Gertrude Buikema and Mr. Albert
R. Windust, Chicago, care J. I-I.
Hannen, Washington, D. G.
My dear Gertrude and my dear brother
the midst of the great
whirlpool of the world's bro-ken faithful-
ness, shattered promises of loyalty and
tottering foundations of friendship, the
sun of devotion and the stars of con-
stancy which a.re shining in the heavens
of the hearts of the believers of God are
illuminating the dark passages of life
and causing the growth of the flowers of
love and amity. This is indeed a heav-
enly besflowal and the Lord 's remnant on
the earth. This is the consolation of the
souls in the time of trials and the ful-
crum of activity to those whose minds
are permeated with the divine principles
of spiritual brotherhood. Thus, although
the outward means of communication are
not regular, yet the inward circle of
union is increasing its dimension and cir-
cumference. Abdul-Ba-ha thinks of you
both sincere workers in the Ga-use and
when the other day your names were
mentioned to him, he dictated the follow-
ing Tablet for both of you:
To Mr. Windust, Miss Buikema.
ye two servants of the Kingdom of
God!
Praise be to God, that your services
are accepted in the divine threshold and
your songs impart joy and happiness to
the ears of the dwellers of the Kingdom.
Persia praises your articles and is
praying to God that the ways may be
opened and correspondence between Per-
sia and America find the utmost expres-
sion and facility, so that your melodies
and anthems may become conducive to
the exhilaration and: cheerfulness of the
meetings of the spiritual ones. Wha.t
wonderful and joy imparting songs are
raised from the pages of the STAR or THE
Truly, I say, they are the means
of the happiness of many hearts.
Endeavor ye, as far as possible, to pub-
lish such valuable, interesting and in-
structive articles as to give joy and fra-

