4-O STAR OF THE WEST
and education must be fresh and true
and free, and its truth must have the
convincing power that a.ll truth has
. . . I believe in a system of national
education imparting alltruth to the ris-
ing generation, and in international
amity which is the ultimate purpose of
the Creator. All relations should' thus be
friendly and have a common aim
. . These ideas of an advanced
Japanese thinker, I thought would in-
terest the Bahais and it is a true expres-
sion of what the Japanese people want.
I have received a letter from Mr. Shir-
azi from India written in Japanese by a
Japanese friend of Mr. Shirazi's. Fuku-
ta San has replied to it in Japanese, but
gave me a translation of his letter, and
I am going to quote it here. I had to
give a copy of it to Mrs. Auger, who de-
sired it so much. He writes:
"Dear Bahai Brother, the country
where I live is, as you say, gradually
awaking from its sleep. You see, as the
spring rain comes softly and noiselessly,
but its message is so great that all the
trees and grasses become awakened from
their wintery sleeping and restore their
freshness, so there have comehere the
messengers sent by him to awake us. The
meeting has, for nearly a year and a half,
been held on Fridaythose who are enjoying the life, as you
are, in the shelter of the bounty of
Your letter, which has
been received by Miss Alexander, sur-
prisingly pleased me, so that I hasten to
convey my greeting to you and also the
other brother there.
Dear Bahai Brother, we are separated
from each other so far, but the distance
is of no account in spiritual communica-
tion. Let us work hand in hand for the
establishment of the Kingdom of
God. . . 
I have given this letter just as it was
translated by Fukuta San for me.
This afternoon I go to Yokohama to
speak in an Esperanto meeting, which is
a public meeting for propagating Espe-
ranto. With Mr. Eroshenko's help I
have translated some of Abdul-Baha's
words concerning Esperanto, which I am
going to read.. Many Esperantists are
going from Tokyo, and we together.
Of course, I shall be the only lady and
perhaps foreigner, but I go for his sake.
Mr. Eros-henko is going to speak on
"Universal Love" from Abdul-Baha's
words in the Paris Talks. All talks'will
be translated into Japanese.
Bahai greetings to all from your sister,
A gnes Alexander.
One of the Japanese young men
writes to Mr. George Latimer:
"It was only a few months ago that
I was introduced to Miss Alexander,
by whom was taught the revelation of
and, for the first time in
my life, um'versa~l religion. Indeed, since
then, I have been a regular and enthus-
iastic student of this most pleasant and
peaceful Bahai Assembly conducted by
Miss Alexander who is all benevolence
and kindness to us, young men; and my
efforts, I am very happy to add, have
been duly reciprocated>> in so short a
time, for I am within the boundary of
understanding the Message of the Bahai
Movement through which I shall be able
to seek the great truth which emanated
from the One 
During the year Dr. and Mrs. Augur,
of Hawaii, have gone to Japan to spread
the glad tidings.
A recent card from Miss Alexander to
Miss Martha Root gives further news.
Miss Alexander says: letter has just
come to me from Miss Dorothy I-Iodgson,
an English Bahai with whom I have cor-
responded for years. She writes, 'By
the time you receive this I shall be on
my way to to Tokyo.
I am coming with dear French friends
who feel the call for 'Japan. Isn't it
wonderful! I feel a great inspiration
about the Mashrak-el-Azkar (in Ohi-
cago), that Japan must do a part and
thus cement ea-st and west by unbreak-
able bonds. I marvel when I think of
all your trip around the World has done."

