A Trumpet Call to Action
HE stirring Tablets published in this issue of the
STAR or THE urging the Bahais to illumine
those sections of the United States and Canada that
have not yet received the Light, are a trumpet call to
action.
It is evident that Abdul-Baha in his love and wisdom is
now giving each and all of the American Bahais a special
opportunity to awaken to their responsibilities and to arise
in lo-ve and sacrifice for this "superhuman service."
A spontaneous- uprising of the whole- body of believers
to this call is the first step necessary to- the success of this
great undertaking.
The realization of the supreme importance of this work
will crea.t-e such a wave of spiritual response that great
power Will b-e felt throughout the country, and the friends
will be encouraged to- ofier mites as Well as dollars to the
teachers' fund in order that needy souls may be blessed
with the Glad Tidings.
The manner of collecting this fund--which should be
separate from the Mashrek-el-Azkar fund~--should be left
to the discretion of each assembly, and isolated Bahais
should report to the nearest center as soon as possible.
It is suggested that the selection of teachers and the
apportioning of territory_to be covered might be the com-
bined work of the assemblies belonging to that section to
which one of the five Tablets has been addressed.
It is also suggested that those who have friends o-r corre-
spondents not ne-cess=arily believers in states mentioned in
the Tablets, sh-ouldl send their a-ddresses to assemblies where
Tablets have been received that points of contact may be
made in those new places to open the way for the work.
We cannot over-estimate the effect of this united service.
The spiritual and practical results of our efforts will depend
upon our joyous, enthusiastic and prompt obedience to the
comma-nd of the Center of the Covenant.
What an inspiring thought that in responding to this call
the Bahais may be instrumental in helping to bring to pass
the prophecy of Abdul~Baha that the Cause will be known
the world over by 1917 
--The Editors.

