116 STAR OF
encompassed with the favors of the King-
dom of Abha.
As long as one has not taken a portion
of the mystery of sacrifice, it is impossi-
ble for him' to attain to the Kingdom of
God. So long as you do not have the
cup- free from every sort of liquor is it
possible for you to put good and pure
Water therein?
Sacrifice of life is of two kinds. To
be killed for the Cause is not so difficult
as to live for it in absolute obedience to
THE WEST
the commands of God. To attain to the
condition of. Mirza Abul Fazl who cares
for nothing in this world: save to Write
something for the Cause that will be of
benefit, or like Mirza Hyder Ali Who
cares not for money, clothes, or even
food, but only to teach someone some-
thing about the Kingdom,--is real at-
tainment t'o the plain of sacrifice! And
without attaining this condition all ef-
fort is Without any final result. One
who cares for love, for husband, wife or
children more than for the Cause of God
has not attained.
-1-"T1-us is THE 
When the Mirror is Free from Dust
Words of Abdul-Baha to nineteen Bahais at Hotel Victoria,
Boston, July 25, 1912.
AM very happy to greet you here
Ito-day. This is the second time the
breeze 0-f God has wafted over Bos-
ton. I a.m expecting results from this
visit. I hope my coming to Boston may
not be fruitless. The result is to be
this: That the individual may be re-
leased from self, also from desire, and
may be freed from satanic suggestions.
May the mirrors be freed from dust, that
the Sun of Truth may be reflected there-
in. There are two kinds of suscepti-
bilities in natural emotions
(these are like dust on the mirror) and
the spiritual susceptibilities which are
merciful characteristics, heavenly.
There is a power that cleans the dust
from the mirror and transforms it into
intense brilliancy and radiance, so that
these susceptibilities chasten and utterly
destroy the dust and the heavenly be-
stowals may purify the hearts.
What is the dust on that mirror? Love
of the world, greed, envy and love of
luxury, of comfort, of desire for the self,
haughtiness, these are
like unto dust. They cover the mirror so
that the reality of the sun cannot reflect
its rays. The natural emotions are
blameworthy and are like rust and de-
prive the heart of the bounties of God.
But sincerity, justice, humility, evanes-
cence, love for the will
free the mirror from dust, will make it
radiant so that it may receive the rays
from the Sun of Truth.
It is my hope that you may consider
this matter, that you may search your
0-WI1 -imperfections and do not think of
the imperfections of anyone else, and
strive to be free from imperfections. The
souls who are heedless are always trying
to find faults in others. Take the hypo-
crite--what does he know about the
faults of others? He must find them in
himself. This is the meaning of the
Seven Valleys. It is for human conduct.
As long as man does not find his faults,
he can never become perfect. It will be
fruitful for man to find his own imper-
fections and change them into perfec-
tions. The Blessed Perfection says: 
wonder at the man who does not find his
own imperfections."

