swan or THE WEST 107
persons are human. It is as if they Were
stones. What is the reason that the par-
liament is in this Way disturbed over
twenty-five persons and never speaks of
the five thousand"? The twenty-five are
human and the five thousand are human.
All are descendants of Adam. The reason
is that the five thousand a.re not of the
French 11at'io11. It does not matter if
they are out in pieces. Behold, What
injustice, What senselessness, What ig-
norance! Although these helpless ones
in Tripoli have father, mother, son,
daughter and Wife, they cut them into
shreds. \/Vhat harm have they done?
I read in the paper that even in Italy
the cry and the Wailing of the people is
rising. The Weeping and Wailing of both
the Arab and Ita.lian Women are rising.
The eyes of the mothers are filled with
tears; the hearts of the fathers are
drowned in blood; the Weeping and cry-
ing of the children reach to the sum-
mit of hea.ven. Behold, how bloodthirsty
are human beings! Behold, how de-
ceitful is man, ho-W heedless of God! If,
instead of using knives, swords, bullets,
guns, men should rejoice, be glad, feast
and associate with one another in har-
mony and love; if, in the state of tran-
quillity, they should become intoxicated
with the Wine of happiness, if they
should become friends and companions
and embrace each other, Would it not be
better'? Which is better: to be like
thankful birds and fly together, or to be
as bloodthirsty Wolves and attack, and
devour one another and shed each the
0ther's blood?
Why should man be so heedless? It is
because he does not know God. If men
knew God they Would love one another:
if they had spiritual susceptibilities they
would have unfurled the banner of the
great peace and if they had listened to
the exliortations of the prophets unques-
tionably they Would have established
justice. Therefore, pray, implore and
supplicate God to guide them, give them
mercy, give them reasoning minds and
give them spiritual susceptibilities. Per~
chance these helpless human beings may
live in peace. The Wise man weeps day
and night over the condition of man-
kind. He cries and sighs that perchance
the heed-less ones may be awakened, the
blind may see, the dead b-ecome alive and
the oppressors grant justice. I will pray.
You must also pray.
Translated by Dr. Zia Bagdadi, June,
19, 1916, Chicago, Ill.
IS THE 
"Love is the foundation of everything"
Notes of Miss Ethel J. Rosenberg, London, England,
taken in Akka, January, 1909.
ASKED Abdul-Baha What could be
Idone to increase our numbers and
make the Work more effective.-
He said the one essential, the only
thing to do was that the members of
the little groups should love each other
very much and be devoted friends, The
more they loved each other, the more the
meetings would attract and draw others,
and the more they loved, the more their
influence Would be felt. He said We
must consider all people--not only be-
lie-vers--to be good. hoped every
one Would b-e good.
He, added, say this for you in
English. I do not often do that; but I
say also in English, that you may un-
derstand how much I mean it, that love
is the foundation of every thing and that
all must be good."
VVhile looking from the Window, Ab-
dul-Baha said: "We hear the murmur
of the sea always continuing. It never
ceases. Were it to cease, the World would

