STAR OF THE wusr 27
protect or shield himself for one second.
Before all nations and all religions he
proclaimed his cause and de-clared his
teachings. The foes were resisting the
spread of the cause with the greatest
hostility and his blessed breast was the
target for an hundred thousand arrows.
It is revealed in the Visiting Tablet:
'Verily I bear testimony that the of
creation has no-t witnessed a wronged
one like unto thee. Once thou wert sur-
rounded b-y the armies of hardships,
again thou wert under chains and fett'ers
and then thou wert beneath the sword of
the enemies.' Continually he was threat-
ened with the darts and javelins of the
adversaries. He cried out: 'We have
burned away the veil and the shroud and
are enkindled with the fire of love. Like
the candlewe are set aglow and like the
beloved we are ever present in the gath-
ering of the' lovers.' It is well-nigh
beyond belief that notwithstanding all
these dangers, 'was pro-
tected. The condition was like that of
a deer: although surrounded by a hun-
dred thousand hounds, attacking it from
every side, yet protected by an invisible
power."
March 7, 1914.
Words spoken by Abdul-Baha to some
pilgrims who had. just returned from a
trip to the place of sacrifice of Elijah:
"The altar of sacrifice is the living
heart of man, and not a few pieces of
dead stones. The fire that came down
from heaven was no other than the fire
of the love of God descending from the
heaven of the divine will; the bullocks
are human and carnal desires and appe-
tites which are entirely b-urned away
by this ideal fire, leaving the spiritual
altar cleansed and pure, and then celes-
tial qualifications and attributes will
take the place of former blameworthy
qualities. The killing of the priests of
Baal means that the enemies of truth
were so filled with wrath against the tri-
umph of the cause of righteousness that
they perished by their own defeat."
. . The Bible and the Gospel
a.re mo-st honored in the estimation of all
the Bahais. One of the spiritual utter-
ances of his holiness Christ in his sermon
on the mount is-_to me preferable to
all the writings of the philosophers. It
is the religious duty o-f every Bahai to
read and comprehend the meanings of
the Old and New Testaments."
am
. . Whosoever desires to know
the his-tory of this cause and its tenets
must come to us and not go to those
who are prejudiced and biased. For
if the seeker for information goes to the
latter people he will surely deprive him-
self of the real facts."
- 
Words of Abdul-Baha to two young
college men from the orient as they
started west to "promote the glad tid-
ings of the kingdom of good-will and
peace":
"You are the angels of the kingdom
of Abha; guide the people. You are the
rays of the Sun of Reality; bestow upon
them light. You are the trees of the or-
chard of God; produce loving fruits,
You are the water of eternal life; allay
the thirst of mankind. You are the
guides of the royal path of the king-
dom; lead the wandering ones back to
the fold. On this trip, through the as-
sistance and providence of God, you
must perform miracles. Your speeches
must be delivered with the utmost
spirituality. . . . Speak in public
meetings. God will support you. Deliver
talks on universal love, the greatness of
the cause of the penetra-
tion of the Word of God, and the general
principles of the Revelation of BAHA-
I hope you will fill the minds
with the tumult and acclamation of the
kingdom, set aglow t'he hearts with the
fire o-f reality and spread far and wide
the good news of the King of eternal
life. . . 
July 19, 1914..

