srxa OF THE WEST 37
great ocea.n will overflow and canals shall become as spacious as an endless
ocean and each drop shall beco-me as" a boundless sea!
ye friends of God! Strive to attain to this high and sublime station and
show forth such a brightness in these days, that its radiance may appear from
the eternal horizons. This is the real foundation of the Cause of God; this
is the essence of the divine doctrine; this is the cause of the revelation of the
heavenly scriptures; this is the means of the appearance of the Sun of the
divine world; this is the Way of the establishment of God upon the bodily
throne.
ye friends of God! Notice that his holiness the the souls
of all the creatures be a ransom to him l-~for this very eminent intention, exposed
his holy breast to the arrows of all casualties. So-, as the principal design of
the Blessed the souls of the people of the Supreme Concourse
be a ransom to him !--was the same great intention, therefore his holiness the
Bab made his blessed breast the tar-get for thousands of bullets from the people
of enmity and rancor in this path, a.nd was martyred with great oppression.
The pure blood of thousands of divine and holy souls was shed and poured in
this path, and how many blessed bodies of the sincere friends of the divine
God were hanged on the scaffold!
The Blessed Beauty of the divine souls of the existence be
a ransom to his friends personally, all kinds of calamities and bore
the most v'iolent ordeals. There remained no torture which did not come to
his holy body and no suffering which did not descend upon his pure spirit.
How many nights he could not take rest, under the chains and heaviness of
fetters, and how many days he gave himself not a minute 's repose because of the
burden of fetters and chains!
From Neyaver-an to Teheran that pure spirit, who Was brought up on a
bed of down, was forced to run, with bare head and b-are feet, under chains and
fetters, and, in a dark and narrow subterranean prison, he was put with mur-
derers, thieves, criminals and malefactors; at every moment a new torture was
inflicted' upon him and at every moment his was expected by all.
After a long time, he was sent from the city of his residence to foreign
countries. For many years, in Baghdad, at every moment a new arrow was
darted toward his holy breast, and at every instant a sword was bent on his
pure body. At no instant was there any hope for safety and security, and the
enemies, withutmost dexterity, we-re attacking the blessed soul from all sides,
and he alone, personally, resisted them all.
After all these hardships and calamities, he was sent from Baghdad in
Asia to Europe, and in that terrible exile, great affliction, vehement torture and
constant attack, the plots, calumniations, enmity, rancor and hatred of the people
of the Beyan were added to those which came from the people of the Koran.
The pen is unable. to explain it all, but surely you have heard and learned
about it.
After twenty--four years in the greatest prison, Acca, his life was ended in
great trouble and hardship.
In short, all the time of the sojourn of the Blessed Perfection 
the souls of all existence be a ransom to his-. forbearance this
mortal world, he was either restrained with chains or kept under hanging swords,
enduring the most painful afflictions. At last, in this greatest prison, his holy

