172 STAR OF
include tithes, a certain percentage from
the number of animals and one-third
from mines and minerals.
Should anyone die without an heir,
all his wealth would revert to the gen-
eral storehouse and any treasure trove
that was picked up would become pub-
lic property.
The scheme further advocates that
tithes b-e collected from the farmers on
a graded s-cale. If a man's (necessary)
expenditure equaled his income he would
pay nothing. If one had an expendi-
ture of one thousand dollars and an
income of two thousand, he would pay
one-tenth; from one having an income
of ten thousand dollars and expense of
one thousand, two--tenths would be ex-
acted. If one had an income of twenty
thousand and his expense were two thou-
sand, the taxes would amount to one-
fourth. If the income were two hun-
dred thousand dollars and the expense
ten thousand, then the community would
exact one-half.
From this general storehouse the less
fortunate members of the common-
wealth would draw to secure their share
of the common welfare.
There would be no poverty in the
THE WEST
community. Orphans, cripples, the
poor, the blind, the deaf, the aged, the
helpless, would be looked after. The
people themselves would elect trustees
for the administration of the public
trust.
Whatever surplus there might be
after all were provided for would go to
the national exchequer. For the big
cities such a scheme would be carried
out on a much more extended scale.
"Under this system," said Abdul-
Baha, "every member of the community
would live in comfort, witho-ut fear, and
without being under obligations to any-
one.
"Degrees or grades would not be
abolished. The-se Would be necessary, as
in an army it is necessary to have 1nar-
shals, generals, colonels, sergeants and
foot-soldiers. But notwithstanding
grades, all would have the right to share
in the general well being.
"The earth can be made a Paradise.
Let all the servants of God -ever strive
that such a great happiness may accrue
to the world of humanity."
(Prolonged applause greeted Abdul-
Baha at the close of his address.)
The Heavenly Tables
To three pilgrims to Acca, September
5, 1901, at supper, Abdul-Baha said:
"We should remember these meetings
when we return to our homes. When
we go to Paris, London and America we
must remember these nights and these
gatherings and must show the same
spirit of love that is manifested here.
"The meal is divided into two parts,
material and spiritual. We hope that
this is both. The tables mentioned in
the Bible are the spiritual tables. The
effect of the material table lasts for
twelve hours but that which is divine is
everlasting and eternal.
"For example,--' Revelation' is one of
the heavenly tables. As an illustration,
think of the knowledge revealed two
thousand year ago; we feel the effect
of it now and that effect will remain
forever.
"Some of the heavenly tables are the
divine teachings and their power and
effect will be everlasting. Another of
the godly tables is His love, which is the
cause of Eternal Life. Others of these
tables are unity and harmony amongst
the believers, like as we are gathered
here tonight, the effect of which will re-
main forever and ever."

