STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations: that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers: that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes>>
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VII Kamal 1, 72 (August 20, 1916) No. 9
Abdul-Baha Speaks on Divine Politics
and Other Topics
Some Questions Answered by Abdul-Baha at the Summer Home of a
United States Government Official, June 4-, 1912
(Translated by Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi, June 15, 1916)
hope that in this gathering
We shall partake of the heaven-
ly table. We are pleased with
this assembly because it has been united
through love. Undoubtedly, the heavenly
table is present in every meeting that is
gathered through love. In the Gospel it
is mentioned that the heavenly table de-
scended upon Peter. Among the people
of the Orient it is known that it descend-
ed upon his holiness Christ. Also, it is
mentioned that the divine table descended
upon her holiness Ma.ry. Unquestion-
ably, the heavenly table descended upon
both Christ and Mary. The heavenly
tab-le concerns heaven, the spiritual table
concerns the spirit, and the table of
mind concerns the mind. That table
which descended upon his holiness Christ
and upon Mary Was the love of God.
From it the human spirit is made alive.
It is the sustenance of the hearts. The
effects of the physical food are temporal,
but the eifects of the heavenly food are
eternal. Physical food is the life of the
body, but in spiritual food is the life of
the spirit."
Someone asked: 'FWhat will b-ecome
of the soul of man after death? Abdul-
Baha answered: "The body goes under
the earth. Thence it came and thither
it goes. Everything that you see re-
turns to its own place. As the human
body comes from dust, to dust it re-
turns. But the human spirit comes from
God and to Him does it return. . . .
One of those who was present said that
it was reported in the papers that Abdul-
Baha had bought a house at Montclair
(N. J.), and intended to live there.
Abdul-Baha answered: "They are right
in their report, but they did not under-
stand what kind of a home it is. All the
world is my country and I am living
everywhere. Wherever such souls as you
are found, there is my country. Hearts
are the real country, Man must live in
the hearts and not on the earth. This
earth belongs to no one. It Will pass
away from the hands of all. It is an
imagination. But the hearts are the
real country,"
ii
Praise be to God, you are happy. Here
is a paradise. The views are beautiful.
It is a superb spot. It has great spirit-
uality. In this place the human soul finds
spiritual vibrations. Great happiness
is mani-fest. You have chosen a delight-
ful place."
M,
A Woman asked if such a solitary place
was also good for children, or if it
would be better for them to have com-
pany of their age. Abdul-Baha an-
swered "It is very good for children.
It is good for their eyes, thoughts,
minds, etc. But sometimes it is neces-
sary for them to be with other well
brought up children. Consider when
a child becomes two years old, it likes to
associate with other children. Consider

