STAR OF THE WEST 83
into three divisions. One division con-
sisted of the ancient inhabitants, and
they were the farmers. Another division
consisted of the industrial people; an-
other were the Greeks, who were origi-
nally from Phoenicia. The name of this
king was Lycurgus. He desired real
equality among these three divisions, and
in this manner established a just govern-
ment. He said that t'he ancient people,
who were the farmers, were free from
any obligation except that they had to-
pay one-tenth of their products and -no
more. The people of industry and- com-
merce had to pay yearly taxes and noth-
ing else. The third class, who were the
nobles and descendants of the rulers,
whose occupations were in politics, war
and the defense of the country, had all
the land of Sparta. He measured the
whole land and divided it equally among
them. For example, there Were nine thou-
sand of them. He divided all tl1e land in
nine thou-sand equal parts and gave
one part to each one of them. He gave
one-tenth of the product of each piece of
land to the one who owned it. He also
made other laws and ordinances for the
citizens. When he found that he had
accomplished what he wanted, he said:
am going to Syria, but I am afraid
that after I go away you will change my
laws. Therefore, take an oath that you
will not make any change before my re-
turn.' They took an oath in the temple
and assured him that they would never
make any change and that they would
maintain these laws always until the re-
turn of the king. But the king left the
temple, traveled and never returned. He
gave up his kingdom in order that these
laws might be preserved. This equality
of distribution, in a short time, beca.me
the cause of discord, because one of the
men had five children, another three
children, and another two children. Dif-
ferences accrued and the whole thing
was upset. Therefore the matter of
equality is an impossibility.
"But here is the real solution. The
rich should be merciful to the poor, but
with their free-will, not with force.
Should it be with force it would be use-
less. It should be according to law and
not by violence, so that through a general
law everyone might know his duty. For
example, a rich person has a large income
and a poor person a smalliincome. To put
it in a more explicit way: a rich person
has ten thousand kilos of products, and
a poor person has ten' kilos. Now is it
fair to tax them equally'? Nay, rather,
the poor person in this case must be
exempt from taxes. If the poor per-
son gives one-tenth of his income and
the rich person one-tenth of his income,
it will be unjust. Thus in this way a la.w
should be made that the poor person
who'has only ten kilos a.nd needs them
all for his necessary food, be exempt from
paying taxes. But if the rich person,
who has ten thousand kilos, pays one-
tenth or two-tenths taxes on his prod-
ucts, it will not be a hardship to him. For
example, if he gives two thousand kilos,
he will still have eight thousand kilos.
If a. person has fifty thousand kilos, even
though he gives ten thousand kilos, he
will still have forty thousand kilos.
Therefore, laws must be made in this
way. These laws must do away with the
present system of wages- and earnings-.
If today the owners of factories increase
the wages of their employees, after a
month or a year, they will again cry and
strike and ask for more increase. This
work has no end.
"Now I Want to tell you about the
law of God. According to the di-
vine law no wages should be given
to the employee. Nay, rather, in-
deed they are partners in every work.
For example, the farmers plant near a
village. They get products from their
cultivation. They take one-tenth from
the rich and the poor according to their
income. A general store may be built
in that village for all incomes and prod-
ucts to be brought therein. Then it will
be considered who is rich and who is
poor. The farmers whose incomes are
sufficient only for their food and ex-

