STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post oflice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copyl
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U.S.A.
To personal checks please add sufficient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAI-IA.
thou Star of the I/Vest! I-IE IS coo!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is Organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attentlon
center generosity ovenant.
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide~--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA ABBAS.
_7 Ti' I
V01. VII Kuclrat 1, 72 (November 4, 1916) No. 11
IS THE Tnvie"-im
The Teaching Plan
BDUL-BA1-IA has inaugurated a new epoch in the Cause and has given
a Work to the American Baliais which, at this time, is not possible else-
where.
His ne-W commands in the five stirring Tablets recently received, a.re creative,
and they will establish a general. unity which will be "the secret cause of the
illumination of the hearts of huinanit-y" (Western States Tablet).
The point of unity gained at the Bahai convention last April was only
partial, in that only a few, comparatively, could take part. The same condition
obtained at Green Acre, where a forctasifc of the unity that is to come Was
experienced. Great as this Was, the masses of Bahais were deprived. But now,
the gimeral point of unity established by Abclul-Balia through his Tablets can be
recognized by all the friends, and a Wonderful opportunity is given for a general
response to his Ca.1l--spiritually and materially. And, through their sympathy
for those who have not yet been illumined, and their desire that the light be
carried to the dark places, they Will learn Wliat the service of sacrifice means,
and the mites and dollars will flow into the teaoliing treasury.
The sum for the teaching-fund, now set aside by only a very few of the
friends, Will sometime become exlia-Listed, and a. reserve fund will be needed.
Wlien all the believers send contributions for the expenses of the 
teachers, the effort of responding to Abdul-Balia by sending them out with tho
glorious Message of glad tidings Will be-successful.
This fund should be entirely apart from all offerings that have been pledged
to the Mashrak-el-Azkar fund. Surely, the latter Will be greatly increased when
the Cause is more Widely spread.

