114 STAR 
building, donated by the late Mrs. Helen
Cole. On its broad veranda which over-
looks the wi'de-spreading valley and river
many glorious: meetings were held. These
meetings will grow more and more won-
derful aseachsummer brings a new and
divine outpouring of God's besto-wals.
But the very brighte-st event of the seaf-
son was the return to G-reen Acre of its
founder, Miss 'Sarah J. Farmer. She
came back after her years of seclusion
with a heart overflowing with thanksgivgood to her.
WEST
Every word about the success of Green
Acre filled her with joy. She could not
express enough gratitude to her B-ahai
brothers and sisters of the Green Acre
Fellowship who had raised Green Acre
to this pinnacle of spiritual unity and
peace and radiance. She had lived to
see her early dream realized, to see many
nations and sects, races and religions
joined together under the Green Acre
flag, the flag of the peace that passeth
understanding.
An Editorial Letter.
IS THE 
"The Treasure-Houses of God are filled
with Bounties"
Address of Abdul-Baha at the home of Mrs. Krug,
New York City, December 3, 1912.
RS. Krug is the cause of gathering
you together here this afternoon.
She has caused you to assemble
here in the utmost of love. She has
caused you to engage in the commemora-
tion of God. It is my hope that this
gathering will increase in number day
by day, and that you will become daily
more and more attracted, more spiritual
and more illumined, that you will make
extraordinary progress, that you will
acquire from each other knowledge of
the teachings of so that
you may know how to teach the truth to
others, that your hearts may become so
attracted that the instant a question is
asked, you will b-e able to give the right
answer and that the truth of the
Holy Spirit may speak through your
tongues. Be ye helpful in the provi-
dence and favor of the Blessed Per-
fection, for his favors change a drop
into an ocean, cause a seed to become
a tree and make an atom as glorious
as the sun. His graces are great. The
treasure-houses of God are filled with
bounties. God, who showed favors
unto others, Will certainly show favor
unto you. I supplicate to the Kingdom
of Abha and seek extraordinary favors
and confirmations in your behalf, in or-
der that your to-ngues may become fluent,
your hearts may be flooded with the rays
of the Sun of Truth, even as a clear
mirror, that your thoughts may expand,
your comprehension become more intense
and that you may progress on the plane
of human perfections.
Until man himself acquire perfections,
he will not be able to teach perfe=ctions
to others. Unless man_ attain life him-
self, he cannot convey life to others. Un-
less he finds light for himself he cannot
give light to others. We must, therefore,
endeavor ourselves to attain to the per-
fections of the World of humanity, gain
everlasting life, and seek the divine
spirit, in order that we may thereby be
enabled to confer life upon others, be
enabled to breathe life into others.
You must, therefore, always supplicate
before the Kingdom of Abha and seek
eternal bounties from him. You must
pray that your hearts may become filled
with glorious lights, even as a purified
mirro-r, then will the lights of the Sun
of Truth shine thereupon. You must
supplicate and pray to God every night

