 or THE WEST 115
and every day and seek his aid and as-
sistance, saying:
Lord! We are Weak, strengthen us.
God! We are ignorant, make us know-
ing. Lord! We are po-or, make us
Wealthy. God! We are dead, quicken
us. Lord! We are humiliation itself,
glorify us in thy Kingdom. If thou as-
sistest us, Lord, We shall become scin-
tillating stars! If thou dost no-t assist
us, we shall become lovver than the earth.
Lord! Strengthen us. God! Confer
victory upon us. God! Cause us to
conquer self and desire. Lord! De-
liver us from the bondage of the World o-f
materiality. Lord! Quicken us through
the breath of the Holy Spirit, in order
that We may arise to serve thee, to en-
gage in worshipping thee and to exert
ourselves in thy Kingdom With the ut-
most of sincerity. Lord! thou art
powerful. God! Thou art forgiving.
Lord! Thou art Compassionate.
--i-"Tens IS THE 
The Mystery of Sacrifice
(Continued from page 111)
the divine. Consequently, every perfect
person, every illumined person, 'every
heavenly individual stands in the station
of sacrifice. I therefore hope, through
the aid and providence of God and
through the bounties of the Kingdom of
Aloha, that from the imperfections of
the World of nature you may be entirely
separated and become purified from the
selfish desires and receive life from the
Kingdom of Ab-ha and acquire heavenly
virtues, and that the divine light may
become manifest upon your faces, that
the fragrances of holiness may reach
your nostrils and the breath of the Holy
Spirit may quicken you.
--i-"rials IS THE 
"Sacrifice of life is of two kinds"
Words of Abdul-Baha. Extracts from the Diary of
Ahmad Sohmb.
Q. BDUL-BAI-IA spoke to us about
the lives of several Persian Bahais
Who- have made all sacrifices and
yet they think they have done nothing.
"Such souls are the jewels of exist-
ence," he said.
Looking up at the star Venus, which
was shining in the horizon like a blazing
torch, Abdul-Baha said: "Do you see
that brilliant star? I declare . . .
that it is my fondest hope to see each
one of the believers of' God shining like
unto this star. I wish for them this
illumination desire for them this
luminosity, so that they may rejoice the
hearts and spiritualiize the souls. But
alas"! How often they let the cloud of
the ego idlarken the' horizon and thus
prevent the stars of their divine verities
from shining." Here he stopped and
looked again earnestly at the brilliant
orb, and said: "It shines clearest at the
early dawn. So, at this dawn of the Sun
of Reality the stars of our lives must
glisten and gleam in the darkness of the
World."
Truly I say unto thee, every maid-
servant Who arises in this day in the
mystery of sacrifice in the path of God
will become one of the stars of guidance
in the supreme horizon; all in the heaven
and earth will be illumined by' her face;
the angels of the Supreme Concourse
will in her praise and she "Will be

