14-2 STAR OF
ters in question, and that with which it
is most specially necessary to deal effect-
ively, is the promotion of education."
"No freedom or salvation could be
imagined in the case of any nation which
had not progressed in this greatest and
most important point; just as the great-
est cause of degradation and decadence
of every nation is bigotry and ignor-
ance."
"If necessary, make this even com-
pulsory, for not until the veins and ten-
dons of the nations stir with life, will
any study and adoption of improve-
ments be of any avail, because the nation
is like unto the body, zeal and resolution
are like unto the soul, so that the soul-
less body cannot move."
Talk by Abdul-Baha given in Stuttgart,
Germany, April 28, 1913.
"Among the children many blessed
souls will arise, if they be trained accord-
ing to the Bahai Teaching.
"If a plant is carefully nurtured by a
gardener, it will become good and pro-
duce better fruit. These children must
be given a good training from their
earliest childhood. They must be given
a systematic training which will further
their development, in order that they
may receive greater insight, so that their
spiritual receptivity be broadened. Be-
ginning i11 childhood they must receive
instruction. They cannot be taught
through books. Many elementary sciences
must be made clear to them in the nur-
sery; they must learn them in play, in
amusement.
"Most ideas must be taught them
through speech, not by book-learning.
One child must question the other con-
cerning those things and the other child
must give the answer. In this Way they
will make great progress. For example,
mathematical problems must also be
taught in the form of questions and an-
swers. One of the children asks a ques-
tion and the other must give the answer.
Later the children will of their own ac-
THE WEST
cord speak with each other concerning
these same subjects. The children who
are at the head of their class must re-
ceive premiums. They must be encour-
aged, and when one of them shows good
advancement, for their further develop-
ment they must be praised and encour-
aged therein.
"Even so in God-like affairs. Verbal
questions must be asked and the answers
must be given verbally. They must dis-
cuss (these affairs) with each other in this
manner.' 
Excerpt from the Notes of Mrs. Sara
Herron, taken at Acca in 1900.
Abdul - Baha said: 
said the children are of two kinds--the
mature and the immature. The mature
are the children of believers, and the im-
mature of the unbelievers. Some attain
to the highest station because they are so
well prepared that they can enter the
highest station Without prepara-
tion. When we see a child Wise beyond
his years, it is a sign of this prepara-
tion, so We cannot question the justice of
this. All are created in the same station
by the Justice of God, but if some of
these have become prophets and some
teachers, this is from the favors and
bounty of God."
From the Notes of Miss E. J. Rosenberg,
London, at Haifa, February and
March, 1901.
"We must be guided entirely by the
intelligence and development of the
child, as to- how soon we should begin to
teach it.
woman reaches her maturity at
the age of twenty, and must then cer-
t'ainly receive the full teaching.
"Many a child of ten is sufficiently
developed and advanced to receive some
teaching, and some are ready for it at
the age of eight or nine.
"The great thing that is necessary to
teach children is to be characterized with

