STAR OF THE XVEST 39
Blessed is he who hath a forgiving nature, for he will win the spiritual
graces of God.
Blessed is he who diffuses only the sweet fragrance of the flowers of friend-
ship and mutual association, for he will obtain a goodly portion of the bounties
of the Merciful.
Blessed is he who teaches union and concord, for he will shine like unto a
star in heaven.
Blessed is he who practices loving-kindness and co~operation, for he will
be encircled with celestial benedictions.
Blessed is he who comfo-rts the downtrodden, f-or he will be the friend of
God.
The Glad Tidings in Japan
(Continued from page 35)
Your letters all b-ring such joy and are
a great stimulus in the work. In truth
it is as if you were all working here with
me, and though you cannot be here per-
sonally to speak the word, yet it is the
same, for I am the instrument you speak
through, and I feel the power and love
you send to me.
Today we read in the meeting, the
splendid article by Mr. Latimer, "The
Call of God," in the December 12th
STAR or THE Wnsr. Mr. Remey has sent
us some of his books to place in libraries.
Fukuta San '(the first Japanese Bahai
in Japan) placed two in a library near
Where he lives. The librarian became
much interested and thanked Fukuta San
warmly, but he suggested placing them
in a larger library Where they would find
more English readers, which was done.
Last night, Mr. Eroshenko t'old me that
a Japanese had co-me to him with one of
these books, which he had found in the
library and was deeply interested'.
I am reading Some Answered Ques-
tions to Mr. Eroshenko, a blind Russian
boy, and he is very enthusiastic about
it. He' says it ought to be translated into
Russian, as it is just what the Russian
people need, and above all into Espe-
ranto. is there to do this work?
Surely /now is the time.
A magazine here called New Tide had
reproduced the picture of Abdul-Baha,
which appeared in the December number
of Everyw-olman, with an article on the
Bahai movement, containing a translation
into Japanese of the twelve Bahai prin-
ciples. Each principle is first given in
Esperanto, and then in Japanese. The
author is a well-knovvn literary writer
and this is the third article he has writ-
ten on the Bahai Movement. In each ar-
ticle, he has combined Esperanto with the
Japanese. He first became interested in
Esperanto through meeting Mr. Ero-
shenko. He said when he found Mr.
Eroshenko, who was blind, doing three
different things, he resolved that he
would study Esperanto for three hours
every day, and very soon after, to Mr.
Eroshenko's astonishment, he began to
write in it.
In the a/pamese a-gaeine, an English
published in Tokyo, there is an
article by the Japanese pastor of the one
Unitarian church in Japan. He is the
one who invited me to speak in his church
on'the Bahai Movement. The article is
entitled, "Religion in Japan." It deeply
interested me, and I must quote a para-
graph from it. He writes: "Perhaps if
some prophet would arise, able to trans-
mute the truths of universal religion into
a form acceptable to the Japanese mind,
there would be a wonderful revival of re-
ligion. Wliat Japan thinks most about
when she thinks at all, is the science of
religion itself, not of creeds, sects and
prejudices. Pure religion cannot be
a superstition, nor can it savor of super-
stition . . . What should be avoided
is bigotry and stubbornness. The relig-
ion that appeals to the people of thought

