STAR OF THE WEST
that in these dark days ye may not be veiled from witnessing. the lights of the
beauty of'Abha. For this year is the year of the most mighty purification and
the most gr-eat tests.
servants! Inscribe the exhortations of the Spirit with the pen of resigna-
tion and the ink of submission and assurance upon the tablet of the heart, and
turn thereto in every instant, lest ye neglect a single letter thereof, and advance
towards the True One with all exertion, turning away from all save him. For
this is the root of the leaf of command grown upon the divine Tree. . . .
This world is a show witho-ut reality, and is a non-existence adorned in the form
of existence. Do not attach your hearts thereto. Do not sever yourselves from
the Creator, and be not of those who are heedless.
Truly I say, the world is like unto a mirage which has the shadow of
water. The a.thirst make abundant efforts in its search, but, when reaching
it, remain deprived and portionless. Or, it is like unto the image of a loved
one which is destitute of life' and soul. When the lover rea.ches it he finds it of
no worth and value, and finds no gain save great pain and despondency.
servants! If in these visible days and present world matters appear from
the realm of decree contrary to your wish, be ye not depressed for happy and
divine days shall come a.nd spiritual worlds. of holiness shall become manifest. In
all those days and Worlds for you a portion is ordained, a sustenance is deter-
mined, and a foodis established. Ye shall certainly attain to all these, were ye to
exchange thegarment of mortality for the garment of immortality, and enter the
station of the paradise of Abha, which is the everlasting abode o-f glorious, sacred
souls!
All things are a proof of your ye emerge from the gloomy dust
of non-existence. Be not grieved at the hardships of these numbered days, and
be not dejected if your outward bodies a.re destroyed in the path of the Beloved
One. For every destruction is followed by a construction, and a paradise of rest
is qoncealed in every hardship.
News from Abdul-Baha
Extracts from Letters of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
45
Haifa, Syria, Jan. 80 and Feb. 1, 1916.
Mr. Joseph H. Hannen,
My Dear Brother in the Faith:
After a very arduous trip through
rain, storm, gale and cold, I arrived ,at
Haifa. Abdul-Baha greeted me warmly
and tenderly, and inquired about the
health of the Beirut friends. My highest
desire was realized, because I was per-
mitted again to look into his divine and
spiritual face. For three days I was in
bed as a result of my cold, but, praise
be to God, I am much better, and this
morning I was permitted to be with Ab-
dul-Baha for about one hour. . . . .
Still one hour before the glorious sun
rises from the east, I have been up for
the last sixty minutes, packing my
clothes, books and papers, and making
myself ready to- depart in three hours for
Tiberias. I will be alone on this sacred
voyage, travelling in the personal car-
riage of Abdul-Baha, while he and his
family will depart this evening with
the train--thus I will have the privilege
of walking behind him again around the
sacred shores of the Sea of Galilee. On
my way, I shall stop one night in Naza-
reth, the residence of Joseph and Mary.
(Luke It is said that when

