sran or WEST 47
The League to Enforce Peace
Letter from C. Mason Remey
June 1, 1916.
Dear Friends:--
On May 26th and 27th We had con-
vening here in 'Washington the first an-
nual Congress of the League to Enforce
Peace. As the Bahai Movement was
represented by delegates to this conven-
tion, I am sure it would interest you to
know about the matter.
The platform of the League is very
much along the lines of universal
peace as outlined by Abdul-Baha in The
Mysterious Forces of Civilization. At
the invitation of l\/Ir. 'Wm. H. Short,
secretary of the League, Mr. Lunt, presi-
dent of the Bahai Temple Unity, appoint-
ed a. committee of us to represent the
Unity at tl1is convention. We sat during
the better pa.rt of two days listening to
speeches by the greatest thinkers and
foremost progressivists of this country.
The spirit of the sessions was most in-
spiring. In all of the proceedings we
saw the Bahai spirit manifesting itself
for principles of World peace, which
were voiced, as far as they Went, in ac-
cordance With the constructive spiritual
teachings of Abdul-Baha.
Toward the last of the convention the
chairman of our committee, Mr. Han-
nen,_ was called upon by Mr. Taft, pres-
ident of the co-nvention, to deliver the
greeting of the Bahais. Mr. Hannen
read the following Words which had been
prepared. by our committee:
"The delegates to this assemblage rep-
resenting the Bahai Temple Unity are
in sincere sympathy with the objects of
the League to Enforce Peace.
"The Bahai Movement is for the One-
ness of Humanity along religious, eco-
nomic and social lines.
"In the words of the
founder of this movement:
'These fruitless strifes, these ruinous.
wars shall cease, and the Most Great
Peace shall come. Let not a man glory
in that he loves his country; let him
rather glory in that he loves his kind.' 
This quotation from the words of
came as a benediction and
a summing up of everything which had
gone before. The audience Was moved
and the applause was not only strong, but
sustained for several moments; not a
spasmodic outburst of applause such as
had greeted some of the speakers, but
rather an applause which started and
swelled slowly attaining the maximum,
and then gradually diminishing.
A banquet followed the proceedings,
the last speech of which was made by
the President of the United States, Who
brought out the following points, which
were such as to have brought joy to all
of us Who are striving to establish the
cause of universal peace.
During his remarks the President said:
"To preserve the peace of the World
against political ambition and selfish hos-
tility, in service of a common order, a
common justice and a common peace, the
United States is ready to join in any
association of nations."
"Only when the great nations of the
world have reached some so-rt of agree-
ment as to What they hold to be funda-
mental to their common interest, and as
to some feasible method of acting in con-
cert when any nation or group of nations
seeks to disturb those fundamental
things, can we feel that civilization is at
last in a way of justifying its existence
and claiming to be finally established. It
is clear that nations must in the future
be governed by the same high code of
honor that we demand of individuals."
The nations of the World have become
each other's neighbors, It is to their
interest that they should understand
each other. In order that they may un-
derstand each other, it is imperative that
they should agree to co-operate in a com-
mon cause, and that they should so act
that the guiding principle of that com-

