swan or THE WEST 187
because We are submerged in the ocean
of the bestowals . . .
A thoughtful man enjoys the gifts and
the blessings of God.
(:W01*ds of Abdul-Baha, from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, February 14,
1914.)

Consider thy composure, for compos-
ure of thought will become the cause of
o11e's confirmation in the service. If
thou hast not composure of mind in Chi-
cago, undoubtedly thou wouldst be more
confirmed in service in New York; but,
if thy mind is at peace in Chicago, it is
better to stay there for perchance diffi-
culties may arise in New York and then
tho-u Wouldst not have composure of
mind. Thou must first think of thy tran-
quillity.
(WVords of Abdul-Baha: From tablet-
to a Chicago believer; translated by
Mirza. Ahmad Sohrab.)
Be thou composed in all conditions.
(Tablets-of Abdul-Baha-; Vol. 2, p. 300.)

Live and act thou in the present as
far as possible for thee, according to the
divine instructions.
("lords of Abdul-Baha: From tablet
to Portland believer; translated by
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, July 20, 1907.)

Be not disappointed in thyself; trust
thou in the favor and bounty of his
highness, the Almighty.
("lords of Abdul-Baha: From tablet
to Portland believer; translated by
Mirna Ahmad Sohrab, July 17, 1908.)
and troubles are due to the
state of not being content with What.
Grod has ordained for you. If one sub-
mits himself to God he is happy.
. A man asked another; "In What sta-
tion are you?" He answered: "In the
utmost happiness." "Where does this
happiness come from?" He answered:
"Because all the existing things move
according to my Wish; therefore I do
not find anything contrary to my desire;
thus I have no sorrow. There is no
doubt that all the beings move by the
Will of God, and I have given up my own
will, desiring the will of God. Thus my
will becomes the Will of God, for there
is nothing of myself. All are moving
b-y His will, yet they are moving by my
will. In this case, I am very happy."
When man surrenders himself every-
thing Will move according to his Wish.
(Words of Abdul-Baha; From Kinney-
Beede-Thompson Notes; taken at Acca,
July 6, 1909.)
mi-i.
Man, as an individual unit of human
society must not base his deeds according
to the law of retaliation. He must for-
give, just as God forgives the sins and
transgressions of his servants.
(Wlords of Abdul-Baha, from the Diary
of Mir-za Ahmad Sohrab, June 5, 1914.)

Man must be a mine of piety and sym-
pathy. He must associate with all man-
kind with joy and fragrance. He must
not tum away his face from any soul.
He must raise the fallen and cheer the
hopeless. He must treat with kindness
both the friend a.nd the stranger.
{Words of Abdu1~Bal1a, from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, July 24, 1914.)

ye friends of God! Show ye an en-
deavor that all the nations and com-
munities of the World even the enemies
put their trust, assurance and hope in
you; that if a person falls into error
for a hundred thousand times he may
yet turn his face to you hopeful that
you Will forgive his sins; for he must
not become hopeless, neither grieved nor

