STAR OF THE WEST 57
The Main Sessions of the Convention
A Digest from the Minutes
The Session, Monday, May 1st, Mr. presiding
HE Chairman: Perhaps you have
noticed the beautiful shining gift
on the table, (pointing to a large
copper chest). Perhaps you do not know
just What the intention is, but I am going
to ask six of the friends, one a.fter
another, to go to that table and read,
each, an inscription which you will find
engraved upon that beautiful box. The
first inscription which I Will ask you to
read is the one on the side facing the
Wall. Then, aft-er that, in order, taking
either side and on until you have cov-
ered the surface. I am going to ask Mrs.
Ober to read the first inscription.
Mrs. Ober: friend offers this cop-
per chest to the Center of the Covenant
of El-Abha, with the hope that it' may
be used to enclose any records which
Abdul-Baha may desire to place Within
the cornerstone of the first Mashrak-eh
Azkar in America.
"Entrusted to the Bahai Temple
Unity, El-Rizwan, in the year Seventy-
Two of El-Baha-."
Mrs. ,Parmert-on (reading the second
inscription): Concourse of Cre-
ation! People! Construct homes (or
houses) in the most beautiful fashion
possible in every city, in every land, in
the name of the Lord of Religions.
Adorn them with that' which beseemeth
them, not with pictures or paintings.
Then commemorate the Lord, the Mer-
ciful, the Clement, in spirit and fra-
grance. Verily, by his mention, by this
commemoration, the breasts shall be
dilated, the eyes illuminated, the hearts
gladdened, and thus shall you pray the
orient of praises in the Mashrak-el-Azka-r
(vi. the dawning point of praises.)
"Teach your children What hath been
revealed through the Supreme Pen. In-
struct them in What hath descended from
the heaven of greatness and power. Let
them memorize the tablets of the Mer-
ciful and chant them with the most
melodious voices in the glorious building,
in the Temple of the Mas-hrak-el-Azkar.
The prayers of the Lord shall be chanted
in a manner to attract the hearts and
souls. Blessed is he Who listens unto the
River of 
Mrs. Claudia Stuart Coles (reading the
third inscription): God! God!
Yerily I implore thee with throbbing
heart and streaming tears to aid every
one who endeavors for the erection of
this edifice in the building of a house
Wherein thy name is mentioned every
morn and eve. Lord, send down
thy benediction upon whosoever served
this edifice and endeavored in its
uprising among the sects and religions
and confirm him in every good of man-
kind; 0-pen the doors of riches and Wealth
unto him and give in heritage the treas-
ures of the kingdom which perish not;
make him the sign of giving among the
people and reinforce him by the sea of
generosity and bounty which is surging
with the waves of the greatest of favor.
Verily Thou are the Generous, the Mer-
ciful, the Bountiful."
Abbas.
Mr. Charles H. Greenleaf (reading the
fourth inscription) "Now the day has
arrived in which the edifice of God, the
divine sanctuary, the spiritual temple
shall be erected in America.
entreat God to assist the confirmed

