STAR OF THE WEST 75
man, faithfulness, knowledge, wisdom,
light, and t'hat there is mercy and pity
in man, that there is in him intellect,
comprehension, t'he power to grasp the
reality of things, the ability to discover
the reality of existence. All these great
perfections are to be found in man. Con-
sequently, we say that man is a reality
which stands between light and darkness,
that he has three aspects, three phases;
one is the human aspect, one is the di-
vine, heavenly aspect, and one is the nat-
ural cr animal aspect. The animal or
natural aspect is darkness. The heavenly
aspect is light in light.
Now to return to the point: The holy
Manifestations of God come into the
world in order to effect the disappear--
ance of the physical, the animal, dark
aspect of man, so that the darkness in
him may be dispelled, his imperfections
be eradicated, his spiritual, heavenly
phase may become manifest, his God-like
aspect may become paramount and his
perfeetions might become visible, his in-
nate greaft power may become known,
and that all the virtues of the world of
humanity potential within him may come
to life. Thus these holy Manifestations
of God are the educators and trainers
of the world of existence and they are
the teachers of the world of humanity.
These holy Manifestations of God liber-
ate men from the world of darkness and
nature. They deliver him from gloom,
from error, from hideousness, from ig-
norance, from imperfections, and like-
wise from all the evil qualities. Then
they cause him to be clad in the garment
of perfection and high virtues. Men are
ignorant; the Manifestations of God
make them wise. They are animalistic;
the Manifestations make them human.
They are ferocious; the Manifestations
cause them to become kingdoms of light.
They are unjust; the Manifestations
cause them to be just. Man is selfish;
they cause him to be severed from self
and desire. Men are haughty; the Man-
ifestations cause them to become meek
and amiable. They are the
Manifestations cause them to be heav-
enly. They are material; they cause
them to become divine. They are imma-
ture children; the Manifestations cause
them to become mature. Men are poor;
they cause them to become wealthy.
They are base; they cause them to be-
come noble. Men are mean, and they
cause them to become lofty.
To be brief; these holy Manifestations
liberate the world of humanity from the
imperfections which beset it and cause
men to appear in the garment of heav-
enly perfections. "Were it 11ot for the
coming of these holy Manifestations of
God, all men would be found on the
plane of the animal. They would be
similar to ignorant individuals who have
never seen a school, who have never had
a trainer. For such individuals will un-
doubtedly' remain ignorant.
Leave these mountains, these hills, to
the world of nature and they will re-
main a jungle, and you will not find any
fruitful tree among them. But a true
gardener changes this forest and jungle
into a garden, training its trees into
fruitful ones, and causing numerous
kinds of flowers and to grow
therein. In the same way these holy
Manifestations of God are the ideal gar-
deners. The World of existence is but a
jungle of confusion. The state of
nature is confusion such as that of a
jungle, producing fruitless, useless trees.
As the holy Manifestations of God are
the ideal gardeners, they, therefore, train
these human trees and cause them to be-
come fruitful and bestow upon them
freshness and verdancy in order that
they may grow day by day and produce
every kind of pure fruit, and thus be-
come the cause of adorning the world of
being and continue flourishing and in the
utmost purity.
Consequently, we cannot say that the
divine bounty has ceased, that the glory
of the Divinity is exhausted, or the Sun
of Truth has sunk down into eternal sun-
set--i11to that sunset which is not fol-
lowed by a dawn, into that darkness

