STAR or THE WEST 175
blies have always maintained that warm
spirit of brotherly love whereby the
member has felt himself of
value to the rest and spiritually at home.
Then Mr. VV. Tudor Pole came from
Bristol, at considerable personal incon-
venience, and delivered a vital message
in his lecture on "The Things That
Matter," bidding us seek for unity
with the source of all life Within our
consciousness.
We have also had the privilege of the
presence and assistance of Mirza Lot-
fullah S. Hakim.
lt seemed a fitting close to the year's
work and to a season which has been so
richly blessed, that We should have had,
on October 1st, the joy of Welcoming to
our midst Mrs. J. Stannard of India,
whose glowing Words in her address on
"The Ideals of East and West in Re-
ligion, thrilled our hearts and illumined
our minds, unfolding to us deeper mys-
teries of the Divine Manifestations and
of the underlying realities of a spiritual
universe.
This brief resume would scarcely be
complete Without reference being made
to the Esperanto classes and study circles
conducted by Dr. Esslemont throughout
last Winter and spring, and also to the
much appreciated visit of Mrs. Paul
Blaise, who is so well-known 111 the Es-
peranto World. It is indeed good to see
the linking-up of the universal language
with the universal religion.
A small lending library has been
formed and We find the books and
pamphlets very useful in stimulating in-
terest and deepening knowledge.
We are glad to hear of the neW effort
being put forth by the STAR on THE
WEST, and earnestly pray that it will
serve to hasten the coming of the King-
dom of El-Abha.
Cromwell Hall having now been com-
mandeered by the military, We are hold-
ing our meetings in various private
houses, particulars of which will gladly
be supplied on application to the Secre-
tary, care Dr. J. E. Esslemont, Home
Sanatorium, Southbourne, Nr. Bourne-
mouth, England.
The Earth and the Heavenly Civilizati0n*
\\'ords of Abdul-Baha to Bishop
Birch of New York City, at the Hotel
Ansonia:
"Praise be to God, that stupendous
material developments are obtained in
this country; but material civilization
alone docs not safeguard the progress of
a nation, because through material civili-
zation dynamite, Krupp guns, projec>>
tiles and Mauser rifles are invented: thus
the infernal instruments of human frat-
ricide are multiplied and constantly per-
fected. Therefore, natural civilization
fosters both good and evil.
"All the wolfish bloodshed, all this
feverish multiplication of military arma-
ments are the results of material civiliza-
tion.
"When material civilization joins
hands with spiritual civilization, then it
will -be perfect. In former times a
Wooden box may have protected your
possessions from the thief, but now the
safes With their complicated keys and
combinations do not daunt the robber.
"Consequently, just as 'good' is ad-
vancing through material civilization,
'evil' takes the same pace, unless the
civilization become the hand-
maid o-f heavenly civilization. Natural
civilization is like unto the body of man.
If the body is animated by the spirit it
is alive; otherwise it is a vile corpse
Which in the long run Will become putrid
and decayed."
The Bishop expressed his pleasure and
*This interview took place six days
after Abdul-Baha-'s arrival in the United
States, 1912.

