STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, S15 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post ofiice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U. S.A.
To personal cheeks please add suflicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
0 thou Star of the West! I-IE 1s Gonl
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper _of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firrn in the Covenant. in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. 'Yet all these _depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Arms.
2- - - fie  -
Vol. VII Kalamat 1, 72 (July 13, 1916believers in accomplishing this great
service and with entire zeal to rear this
mighty structure, which shall be re-
nowned throughout the World. The sup-
port of God will be with those believers
in that district, that they may be suc-
cessful in their undertaking. For the
ca-use is great because this is the first
Mashra-k-e1-Azkar in that country, and
from it the praise of God shall ascend to
the kingdom of mystery and the tumult
of his exaltation and greeting from the
whole World shall be heard.
"Whosoever arises for the service of
this building shall be assisted With great
power from his supreme kingdom and
upon him" spiritual and heavenly bless-
ings shall descend which shall fill his
heart with wonderful consolation and
enlighten his eyes by beholding the glo-
rious and eternal God.
God, my aim, my hope! With
heart full of longing and breast full of
yearning, We beg of thee and We suppli-
cate at the threshold of thy might to
raise the foundation of the Mashrak-el-
Azkar in Chicago, in the most speedy
manner. Make its basis firm and its struc-
ture enduring, suffer its pillars to remain
unshakable and make its columns of the
st-eel and iron of firmness. Glorify its
servants, beautify the characters, and
make the worshippers beloved, suffer the
nightingales to sing 'Ya Ba-ha-el-Abha'
and warble the praises of our Lord, the
most Supreme. Make its men the stand-
ards unfolded on the mountains of the
World and its Women the sanctified angels
of the tabernacle of the world."
-+Abdul-Baha Abbas.
Dr. D'Evelyn (reading the fifth in-
scription): Lord, make these holy
souls the dawning points of the lights
and manifestations of (thy) signs.
Make every one a leading cornerstone in
this great edifice, a pillar of its pillars.
God, although the friends are needy,
yet thou art the Helper, the Supporter,
the Rewarder. These souls have arisen
1:0 serve thee Well and have begun servi-
tude. Confirm them and aid them, en-
courage them by promises of thy divine
favors, and make them of the elect. Thou
art the Mighty, the Powerful, the Able,
the Giver, the Shining, the Hearer, the
Seer."
Abbas.
Mr. Remey (reading the final inscrip-
tions): "Some material things have
spiritual efiect and the Mashrak-el-Az-
kar is a material thing that will have

