STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one 11}
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened.
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes.
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VII Mulk 1, 72 (February 7, 1917) No. 18
The Divine Art of Living
A compilation by Mary M. article under the
above title. Chapter One appeared in issue No. 16
CHAPTER TWO
Some Characteristics of Divine Souls
ALK, While ye ha.ve the light,
that darkness overtake you not.
He that Walketh in the dark-
ness knoweth not Whither he goeth.
While ye have the light belie-ve in the
light that ye may become sons of light.
(John 
I beg of Go-d that the divine light
that is spoken of in John, in the twelfth
chapter, may shed its rays upon thee
forever, so that thou mayst always be in
light. The life of man in this world is
short and will soon draw to an end;
consequently one must appreciate every
moment of his life, exerting himself in
that which is conducive to eternal glory;
(Tablets of Abdul-Bah-a,, Vol. 1, p. 106.)
The sun is in the utmost eifulgence
but the surface turned toward it must
be a mirror. The clearer it is the more
light shall be reflected therein.
(Tablets of Abdul-Balm; Vol. 1, p. 207.)
Spirituality is the possession of a
good, a pure heart. Wlhen the heart is
pure the Spirit enters and our growth
is natural and assured. Every one is
better informed of the condition of his
own soul than of the soul of others.
Our responsibility to God increases with
our years.
(\Vords of Abdul-Baha: Ten Days in
the Light of Acca; p. 18.)

When the spirit is confirmed and as
sisted by the confirmation of the Holy
Spirit then it will show its effect in
every condition of the world of exist-
ence.
(An early Tablet; translator not given.
Signed: Abdul-Baha Abbas.)
it
Unless man maketh spiritual progress
in the world of spirit, intellect and
heart he cannot gather universal results
from material advancements.
(Tablets of Abdul-Baha; p. 525.)
The spiritual life is symbolized by

