STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, I911, at the post ofiice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Blake Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEVVS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, I1l., U. S.A.
7 To personal checks please sufficient to cover the bank exchange
add .
Address all communications to BAHAI NEVVS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S. A.
TABLET FROM AB DCL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! an IS coo!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. 'Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shc-pziclst thou stand unshakable, become the of the attention
of the and the center cf the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant. in the
:|'uture thy will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase.
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all,' these depend 1117011 
fir-mnesr! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBASVol. VII Nur 1, 72 (]une 1916) No. 5
A Call to Heroic Teaching
Tablet from Abdul-Baha
HE is 
ye who are turned to the Supreme Appearance!
Day and night, morn and eve, at sunrise and at sunset We are remembering,
with all our hearts and souls-, the friends of the Merciful One, asking God's
help and confirmation that the believers of the pure territory, the Holy Land,
may become excellent in all conditions of morality, characteristics, behavior,
manners, conduct and actions, that they may appear with ecstasy, enthusiasm,
love, consciousness, assurance, steadfastness, firmness, concord and harmony,
with bright faces and splendid beauty in the community of the World.
ye friends of God! Today is the day of union and this age is the age
of harmony in the World of existence. "Verily, God loveth those who are Work-
ing in his path in, groups, for they are a solid foundation." Consider ye that
he says "in groups," united and bound together, supporting one another.
"Tci Work," mentioned in this holy verse, does not mean, in this greatest age,
to perform it with swords, spears, shafts and arrows, but rather with sincere
intentions, good designs, useful advices, divine moralities, beautiful actions,
spiritual qualities, educating the public, guiding the souls of mankind, difiusing
spiritual fragrances, explaining divine illustrations, showing convincing proofs
and doing charitable deeds. When the holy souls, through the angelic power,
will arise to show forth these celestial cliaracteristics, establishing a band of
harmony, each of these souls shall be regarded as one thousand persons and the
waves of this greatest ocean shall be considered as the army of the hosts of the
Supreme Concourse.
What a great blessing it is that when the torrents, streams, currents, tides
and drops are all gathered in one place, they will form a great ocean and the real
harmony shall overcome and reign in such a manner that all the rules, laws,
distinctions and differences of the imaginations of these souls shall disappear
and vanish like little drops and shall be submerged in the ocean of spiritual
unity. By the Ancient Beauty, in this case and condition, the blessings of the

