162 STAR OF
clima.te was bad, the Water was no bet-
ter. The surroundings were filthy and
dirty, the treatment of the officials was
unbearable a11d We Were looked upon as
the enemies of religion and corruptors of
morals. The government had given an
order that during our stay in Acca no
one must talk with us and We must not
talk with ea.ch other. Having arrived
in Acca they fo-und there were not
enough rooms in the barracks to im-
prison us separately so they put us all
in two rooms with no furniture at all.
The court of the barrack had a. most
gloomy aspect. There were three or
four fig trees over the branches of which
several ominous owls screeched all night.
Every one got sick and there were
neither provisions nor medicine. At the
entrance of the barrack there was an un-
derta.ker's ro-om. It was a horrible room.
Yet I lived there two years with the ut-
most happiness. Up to that period I had
not had time to read the Koran from first
to last but then I had ample time and
used to read this holy book with fervor
and enthusiasm. Going over the incidents
and events of the lives of former proph-
ets and finding' how parallel they were
with that of Bal1a.'o'llah, I was eon-
soled and encouraged. I would read
for instance the following verse: "How
thoughtless are the people! Vxlhenever a
prophet is sent to them they. either ridi-
cule him or persecute him." And then
I would read this verse, "Verily, our
host is victorious over them."
I was very happy all the time be-
cause I was a free man. Shut off in that
room my spirit traveled throughout the
immensity of space. At night I went
on the roof and communed with the
countless stars. What a divine feast!
What a heavenly procession! 'Nhat a
spiritual freedom! What beatific bliss!
What celestial sovereignty!
(Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, July
3, 1913.)
God has given man a heart and the
heart must have some attachment. We
THE WEST
have proved that nothing is completely
Worthy of our l1eart's devotion save real-
ity, for all else is destined to perish.
Therefore the heart is never at rest and
never finds real joy and happiness until
it attaches itself to the eternal. How
foolish the bird that builds its nest in a
tree that may perish when it could build
its nest in an ever-verdant garden of
paradise!
Man must attach himself to an in-
finite reality so that his glory, his joy
and his progress may be infinite. Only
the spirit is real; everything else is as
shadow. All bodies are disintegrated
in the end; only reality snbsists. All
physical perfections come to an end; but
the divine virtues are infinite. How
many kings have flourished in luxury
and in a brief moment all has disap-
peared! Their glory and their honor' are
forgotten, Vllhere are the sovereigns
now? But those who have been servants
of the divine beauty are never forgotten.
The result of their works is everywhere
visible. "That king is there of two thou-
sand years ago whose kingdom has lived
in the hearts"? But those disciples who
were devoted to God, poor people who
had neither fortune nor position, are to-
day trees bearing fruit. Their banner
is raised higher every day.
(D'ie'ine p. 107.)
The WO1'l(l needs more happiness and
illumination. The star of happiness is in
every heart; We must remove the clouds
so that it may twinkle radiantly. Hap~
piness is an internal condition. VVhen
it is once established man Will ascend
to the supreme heights of bliss. A truly
happy man will not be subject to the
shifting eventualities of time. Iuike unto
an eternal king he will sit upon the
throne of fixed realities. He will be
impervious to outward, changing circum-
stances and through his deeds and ac-
tions he xvill impart happiness to others.

