STAR OF THE WEST 113
MR. JOSEPH H. HANNEN,
P. O. Box 1319,
WVashington, D. O.
SOUTHERN 'Maryland, Virginia, West _Vi_rg_inia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, 
Tennessee, Kentucky, Louisiana, Arkansas, Oklahoma, Texas.
DR. ZIA M. B-AGDADI,
1549 Ogden Avenue,
Chicago, Ill.
CENTRAL ll/Visconsin, Ohio, Michigan, Minnesota, Indi-
ana, Iowa, Missouri, North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas.
It has also been suggested that each one communicate at once with their
respective center in order to be informed of the plans of its Teaching Committee,
which, doubtless, is already chosen and at work.
--The Editors.
-iwuls 15 THE 
The Green Acre Conference
Eliot, Maine
H.E things Which are particular
says Abdul-Baha, are human;
those which are universal are di-
vine. Judged by this test Green Acre
was, this summer, a centerfor the light
of the divine world. The program for
its meetings was varied and universal.
The new science, sociology, art, educa.-
tion, the new study of comparative re-
ligions, the new vision of 
were represented as so many rays of
the light of the new day.
Nearly everyone felt the spiritual at-
mosphere which enveloped the place.
One man to-ld how he came to Green
Acre with prejudice in his heart, but
when he stepped off the car at the en-
trance to the Green Acre grounds he
realized that he was on holy soil. He
gazed at the Inn on the beautiful hill,
he looked at the river, "the river of
1ight." was thrilled with joy and
his prejudice melte-dl away. He met the
radiant people at the Inn. He caught
their spirit. "At last," he said, have
found my spiritual brothers and sisters.
After much. wandering I have come
home." "Why," said another visitor
at the Inn, never saw so many happy
people together, nor people who so loved
each other." "It is," said a friend from
the Orient, "the most heavenly place I
ever visited." could not imagine a
summer passing without visiting Green
Acre," said another who had come for
the first time.
Many awoke in the early morning at
Green Acre conscious of a marvelous
spirit brooding over the place and flood-
ing it with light. They were so happy
with joy at the nearness of the divine
world that they could not sleep. They
were energized by the bread from
heaven. They felt all da.y long as though
they were sustained by invisible arms.
But words fail to put in "matter
moulded forms of speech" experiences
which are so divine. No one can know
Green Acre and its spirit until he goes
there and with receptive heart drinks
"the pure Water of life."
Two important events characterized
the summer. One was the dedication of
the new Fellowship House, a beautiful

