196 STAR OF THE WEST
"good intention" he will succeed in all
of his undertakings.
(Words of Abdul-Baha, from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, April 8, 1914;.)
ii
The "worst human quality and the
most great sin is back-biting, and
most especially when it emanates from
the tongues of the believers of God.
If some means were devised so that the
doors of back-biting could be shut eter-
nally and each one of the believers of
God unsealed his tongue in the praise
of the other, then the teachings of His
Holiness Baha'o'llah would have been
spread, the hearts illuminated, the spirit
glorified, and the human World Would
have attained to everlasting felicity.
I hope that the believers of God will
shun back-biting completely (gossip-male
ing and fault-finding), each one praising
the other cordially, and believe that back~
biting is the cause of the divine Wrath,
to such an extent that if a person back-
bites to the extent of one word he may
beco-me dishonored amongst the people;
because the most hateful characteristic
of man is fault-finding. One must ex-
pose the praise-Worthy qualities of the
souls and not their evil attributes. The
friends must overlook their shortcom-
ings and faults and speak only of their
virtues and not their faults.
('Words of Abdul-Baha: From tablet
quoted in Diary of Mirza Ahmad Soh-
rab, August 11, 1913.)
In our physical selves We are like the
animals; yet in some Ways the animals
are even higher than men; they are more
restful and composed more trustful and
reliant upon the bounty of God, more in
the flow of his Will. The birds of Mount
Carmel are his creatures. They can fly
to the highest branches of the trees and
build their nests. From the mounta.in~
tops the birds can enjoy the beautiful
view of the sea and mountain by their
power of sight. All this beauty exists
for us as Well. The love of God, the
beauty of God is everywhere and exists
for man if he Will but rise to spiritual
heights, open his spiritual vision and be-
hold it. Is the king free as the bird is
free to fly upward? The king 's head
is often heavy with anxiety and the
things of this World which hold him
down. The true pleasure and happiness
depend upon the spiritual perception
and enjoyment. The powers of mind are
the bounties of God given to man to
lead him toward spiritual happiness.
The highest grace in man is to lo-ve God.
Love of God, knowledge of God is the
greatest, the only real happiness, because
it is nearness to God. This is the king-
dom of God. To love God is to know
Him. To know him is to enter his king-
dom, and to be near him.
(Wlords of Abdul-lBaha: Ten Days -in
the Light of Acca-; p. 38.)
End of Volume VII

