STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second'-class matter April 9, I911, at the post office at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents. per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add sufiicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U. S. A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
O.th0u Star of the West! HE IS con!
Be thou happy! Bethou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every- country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena. become vast and spacious and thy voice and iamewill be raised and become at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA ABBAS.
- 1-, -, 
Vol. v11 Rahmat 1, 72 (June 24,1916) No.6
The Divine lmmanence
In.the Tablet of Ahmad, says:
MY servants! The Ancient Beauty commands: Hasten to the shadow
0 of immortality, nearness and mercy, from the shadow of desire, remote-
ness and heedlessness. Be ye resigned like unto the earth, so that the
fragrant, sacred, multicolored of my knowledge -may grow in the soil
of existence. Be ye ablaze like unto fire, so that ye may consume thick veils, and
immortalize the cold and veiled bodies. through the heat of divine love. Be ye
pure like unto air, so that ye may enter the secret abode of my friendship. . . .
servants! If ye be informed of the wonders of my generosity and grace,
which I have deposited in you, ye will certainly be cut from all directions and,
seeking to know your own selves, which is identical with knowing myself, will
find yourselves independent of all save me, and will see the ocean of my provi-
dence, and the depths of my beneficence in yourselves with your outward and in-
Ward eye, as manifest and clear as the sun shining from the name of Abha."' Do
not waste this most holy, most wonderful station through the promptings of
fancy and desire, and through the falsehood of superstition and blindness. Ye
are in likeness as a bird which, with all joy and fragrance, soars with the utmost
security in the cheerful air of the praised One. Then in the imaginary hope of
grains (of food) it inclines toward the mud and -water of the earth and, with
all eagerness, besmears itself with dust and mire. Then, when it attempts to
itfinds itself unable and 'a captive, forasmuch as wings besmearcd with
water and clay are not capable of flight. At that time the bird of the exalted
heaven .finds itself a dweller in the mortal earth. Now, servants, do not
besmear your wings with the mire of heedlessness and imagination, and with the
earth of animosity and rancor, that ye may not be deprived, and prevented from
soaring in the sacred heavens of knowledge. . . .
servants! If ye are the messengers of sight, enter the city of the seeing!
If 'ye are the people of hearing, step into the land of the hearing. If ye are
the possessors of heart, choose an abode in the fortress of the assured ones, so
ii-
""Abha means: The l\/lost Glorious; it is a name for God, like "The Ancient
Beauty" in the first Editors.

