 TA 
Some people express wonder and aston-
ishment; others complain bitterly on ac-
count of their inte11se prejudices. One
of the nations says: "After t'he depar-
ture of his holiness Christ only a lim-
ited number of people" were his disciples 
notwithstanding this his fame became
world-conquering and his song reached
the sphere of ether." But, the Blessed
Perfection--May my life be a ransom
to his believers the eve of his asce11-
sion, hundreds and thousands were asso-
ciating together under the shade of the
flag of his majesty. From this illustra-
tion you can draw the conclusion that
a mighty resurrection will be witnessed
in the not-f-ar distant future. One of
the greatest apostles of his holiness the
Spirit was the great Peter; but, not-
Witlistanding this, before Christ'sI cruci-
fixion he became agitated and was har-
assed with fear; while thousands .of
souls, singing, dancing and clapping
their hands, have given up their lives
and hastened toward the city of martyr-
dom, for the sake and in t'he path of
the Most Great my identity
be a sacrifice to his friends!
In short, the affairs of the Cause re-
volve around just such a center of self-
abnega.tion. How self-evident it is that
the believers of God must clothe them-
selves in these days with the attributes
of self-sacrifice, consecrate their time to
the teaching of the heedless ones. diffuse
the sweet aroma. of the teachings, re-
enkindle the white flame and make ap-
parent the splendor of the Merciful.
ye friends of God! Is it befitting
that We rest for one moment after the
departure of the Beauty of the Clement,
or seek the organization of committees, or
exhale one breath of comfort, or taste
the honey of fleeting pleasure, or lay
our heads on the cushions of repose, or
pursue the luxury and affluence of the
world of creation? No! I declare by
God! This is not the condition of loy-
alty nor the state of faithfulness and
appreciation.
Therefore, ye friends! \7Vith heart
T11
HE 131
and soul yearn for the service of the di-
vine threshold and like unto the right-
eous ones become ye the guardians of
the court of the merciful. Servitude at
the holy threshold means the spread of
the fragrances, the explanation of signs
and verses, thraldom at the hall of unity
and attachment to the palace of merciful-
ness. Consider with What severance, at-
traction and enkindlement the apostles
of his holiness the my life
be a ransom to him !--arose in the pro-
mulgation of the Word of God after
his crucifixion. \Ve hope from the be-
stowal of the True One that We may like-
wise walk in the footsteps of those pure
ones and hasten unhesitatingly and re-
joicingly toward the arena of love and
sacrifice. This is the inexhaustible out-
pouring. This is the grace of His High-
ness the forgiving Lord.
In these days the progress of the di-
vine principles are impeded in some
parts and retarded in others, and this
has become conducive to the sorrow and
grief of the Supreme Concourse, because
the dwellers of the Kingdom of Abha
are expecting to see each one of us ful-
filling the conditions of loyalty and for
the sake of the love of the Most Great
Name suffer every form of persecution.
A number of the merciful friends for-
sook their material tranquillity and coin-
posure a11d traveled from city to city,
nay, rather, village to village, in order
to diffuse the fragrances of God. -These
souls, endowed with such pure spirits,
became the objects of the commendation
of the Supreme Concourse--i\lay my life
be a ransom to them 1-for they became
confirmed with this most exalted grace.
They spent their days amidst the great-
est difficulties and hardships, and em-
ployed their time in the guidance of
the negligent ones.
ye friends! This is not the time
of rest and tranquillity! This is not the
season of silence and stillness. The
nightingale of the rose-garden of up-
rightness must display its wonderful
melodies and trills. The bird of guid-

