sraa or THE 31
health, your high services i11 the holy
cause, and your movement towards your
home, for which we have expressed our
due thanks to her. Really, I have no
words at my command to express my
heartfelt love and thanks to you for your
kindly mentioning this humble serva-nt's
name and address to so many Bahai
friends of every country visited by you.
I know I am not worthy to be mentioned
in the exalted presence of holy souls, nor
am I deserving of such kindness be-
stowed by you and the spiritual friends.
I have no such good qualities, nor do I
possess any knowledge. I am in need
of your prayers so that, please God, I
may become ta useful servant to the
world of humanity and be enabled to
abolish the differences of nationality, of
race, dogma and creed. These preju-
dices are the chief cause for preventing
mankind from uniting and harmonizing
with each other. Nay rather it is a de-
structive power, creating malice, hatred
and animosity toward his own kind and
brother. This is the world-wide disease
of the present day, and a great sickness
of the world of humanity for the rem-
edy of which so many holy and divine
doctors have already come and are still
coming. But this extraordinary crea-
ture, man, abuses the remedy and treat-
ment; contradicts, laughs, scorns and re-
jects the medicine. We cannot heal
these various chronic diseases, except
through divine confirmation and assist-
ance.
Indeed, I am most grateful to you
for sending me the prayer from Mirza
Ahmad Sohr-ab-'s Diary, and to the dear
friends of God, who have also so kindly
sent me the Bahai which are
more than sufficient for the present;
also some papers on fu-
ture probable language of mankind--
and the exalted Bahai News, the STAR
or THE Wnsr. . . . I am sorry to
say that although my dear brother, Dr.
Zia M. Bagdadi, has sent me many
copies of the STAR or rue before
and after my arrival from the Holy
Land, yet I am unable to procure more
subscribers for the paper owing to the
War and not traveling anywhere at
present. I am exceedingly glad to ex-
press my utmost thanks to him and to
the Bahai News Service.
I am sorry to inform you of the loss
of our good and beautiful friend Agha-
Syed-Ismail-Shirazi of Rangoon. as-
cended to the Supreme Concourse with
the Wings of faith and spiritual deeds
on the forenoon of the 14th of August,
1915. This was a great blow to the
friends and relatives. May God bless
his soul and may he rest and repose at
the threshold of the gate of His Holy
Throne. His father was unconscious for
many days, owing to old age, and as they
summoned me to Rangoon immediately
after his last breath, I went at once, and
arranged everything in order, and con-
soled the survivors. Now all of them are
in the utmost tranquillity and rest.
All are conveying to your good self
and to the brothers and sisters in your
region, their best love, Bahai affection
and greetings.
Please accept and convey my Bahai
love and affection, also excellent greet-
ings and thanks to all friends of God.
Owing to the present difficulties in
the Western world~--upon which all our
assemblies are praying the descent of
divine mercy and cannot com-
municate to all addresses, so kindly sent
me by you. I tender my apology and
ask forgiveness.
'With pure spiritual love and affection
for you, my dear sister in Abha's Cov-
enant
Ever yours affectionately,
S-yea! Mustafa.

