sran or THE 167
glorious songs of praise m.ay be raised
to the Supreme Kingdom, that the
friends of God may become the guides
of. erring humanity, and that their
lives and deeds may bear eloquent testi-
monies to their faith and knowledge.
lie dictated the following tablet:
To the 1naid~servant of God, Doctor
Pauline her be
greetings and praise!
thou the inheritor of the g-reat,
respected Mrs. Peeke!
Although that beloved 
vant of God ascended from this mortal
World to the World of immortality,
praise be to God, she left thee behind
as a token of herself. All the dwellers
of the Kingdom and myself are plea.sed
with thy services to the Kingdom of
God. Truly I say the believers of God
and thyself are displaying every effort
in the promotion of the teachings of
God in Cleveland. The evidence dem-
onstrating this fact is that you have
not forgotten us, nay rather with the
utmost exertion and endeavor you are
engaged in the service of Truth. Thank
ye God that ye are confirmed therein.
Ere long ye shall observe most impor-
tant results and ye will behold the
doors of the everlasting glory o_pen be-
fore your faces. I am ever expecting
to receive good news from you and the
Cleveland believers, and in your be-
half I supplicate and entreat toward
the Kingdom of God, that every one
of you may become ignited with the
fire of the love of God and bestow the
light of guidance upon that region and
continent.
Upon ye be greeting and praise!
Abdul-Baha's health is quite well.
We stayed for about two months in
Tiberias and the dry weather imparted
to him invigoration. Now again he is
living with his blessed family waiting
patiently and quietly for the end of
this world-wide War and praying for
the protection of the friends. His
thanks and prayers are for them.
Ever your faithful brother,
Ahmad.
Haifa, Syria, July 11th, 1916.
To Mr. and Mrs. Harlan F. Ober.
ye two firm ones in the Covenant!
Although we are living in the holy
land and you are dwelling in the Unit-
ed States, yet the spiritual relations
and the communication of the hearts
are firm and steadfast because the
unity of the Divine Essence has bonded
us together. In this material world
we are cemented together and, God
willing, in the Universe of God,
the world of the Kingdom, we will be
the associates and intimates of each
other. Truly I say Mr. Ober rendered
a great service to the Kingdom of God
and undertook a long and arduous trip
to India, and during our stay in Amer-
ica, Mrs. Ober served with heart and
soul. Both of them are encircled with
the Divine Favors and are firm and
steadfast in the lordly Covenant.
Upon ye be greeting and praise!
(Original received by Mr. Joseph H.
Hannen, D. C., September
25, 1916.)
To Mr. Fred Mortensen, Minneapolis,
Minn.--Upon him be Baha'o'llah-el-
Abha.
thou illumined youth!
Thy letter was received. Its perusal
produced the utmost joy; for its eon-
tents indicated faith and its significances
were proofs of firmness in the Cove-
nant. That trip of thine from Minne-
apolis to Green Acre will never be fer-

