STAR OF THE WEST 15
how involving they may be, may not
prevent us from the praise of God, nor
make us heedless of His commemoration.
Mohammed, the Prophet, has said:
"Man in this World must be so attentive
to his affairs and temporal nec-
essary pursuits, that it may seem as
though he thinks he is going to live for-
ever in this World, and he must, at the
same time, be so submerged in the love
of God and occupied with the thoughts
of the hereafter, that it may seem as
though he is going to die and leave this
earth at the very moment."
Moreover, one of the great elements
in the laws of every religion, deals with
the rules concerning the orderly arrange-
ment and preservation of human society.
One of their solid commands is this:
That man should be engaged in a trade
or profession, and should by this means
be a cause of 'tranquillity and peace to
others. has so emphatic-
ally laid down rules concerning the
orderly management of mercantile pur-
suits and professions that he has ac-
counted occupation in such professions
as an act of worship on the part of a
believer according to 
to be engaged in an honorable a.rt, trade
or profession, by which ourselves and
humanity can be benefited, is an act of
worship).
my dear sister: Endeavor that man
may reach such a point that nothing of
this world ca.n prevent him from the
love of God, to such an extent that if
he goes to sleep, he may have God in
his thoughts; if he engages in trade or
temporal occupation, he may d'o it for
the purpose of benefiting his fellow-
men; and if he Walks, he may walk to
perform that which is best for the people
of the World, and that the more he in-
creases in spirituality, the more he may
learn about the Well-management of his
affairs. Man must love the World and
all the people therein for the sake of its
Maker. Even as the Persian poet sung
six hundred years ago:
"In this World I am rejoiced over the
One
Through whom the world is rejoiced;
I am in love with all the people of the
World,
For all the World belongs to Him."
Fora believer, even his and
professional pursuit is an act of wor-
ship; for an unbeliever, even his activity
in the acts of Worship is no other than
entire occupation With the world and
things. This you have realized
in the church, and in the spirit in which
many in the church performed their
acts of worship.
.i 
The Light of Truth
(Continued from page 11)
He has said, the gist of Which is the fol-
lowing: "Say, friends: The tent
of the Cause of God is great and it will
soon overshadow all the nations of the
world. The day is yours, and a thou-
sand tablets are your evidence. Arise
to assist the Cause, and gird up the
loins of endeavor and conquer the hearts
and souls of men with the sword of good
deeds. The assister of the Cause is good
deeds and their meaning is good morals. 
Likewise, "Blessed are those who are
adorned with the garment of good
deeds."
So in this day Abclul~Baha is teach-
ing the same lesson. His everyday life
proves that his only aim is the unifica-
tion of the World, and his only purpose
is to emancipate all mankind from bond-
age and link them together with the
chain of brotherhood. His favorite teach-
ing to young and old, high and low, is
the severance from all else save God, and
the reliance upon Him which is the only
source of goodness, the axis around
Whom mercy and bounty revolve. His
greatest' hope is to sacrifice his life for
the sake of the Father, and to be a tar-

