130
STAR OF THE WEST
a Temple, not made with hands, of hearts who are becoming severed and molded
by the fire of the love of God. This: spiritual Temple- of severed souls, this
spiritually purified collective unit of radiant hearts, will receive the descent of his
spirit after his great departure, and be confirmed to complete this outward and
visible symbol, the founda.tions of Which he is. DOW laying.
The latest page of the "Book o-f the Covenant" has just been turned. Upon
it is inscribed the five great Tablets to North America containing the greatest
call which has ever come from that presence, to arise and awaken and summon
all. the sleeping portions of this country, to the Kingdom of God.
Never has there been heard upon the earth such a call! 'Ne, as Bahais.
are all in one station. This has long been stated by Abdul-Ba-ha. Thus there
rests equally upon each and all responsibility to respond in some way, to this
great command. How is it to be met? Through the mystery of sacrifice. What
is this mystery of sacrifice"? It consists of the absolute evanescence and laying
down of every hindrance upon the Holy Threshold,_ a.nd thus arising in pure
response; and in arising not at some future per-iocl, but NOW. Thus determin-
ing to burn every veil of delay or hindrance of the (subtle) self, the confirma-
tions appear out of the invisible horizon "whereof the spirits receive the Light,"
and sacrifice becomes transformed into a chalice of bestoival. Only in this Way
will all of the barre11 parts of North America become illumined.
A superhuman effort is demanded. This proves the greatness of this page.
and the test of fidelity to its call. It is not to be postpouecl to some 'incZefim'tc
future. "Then Abdul-Baha left America in 1912 he said he had sown the pure
seeds and that it was now the turn of the believers to "Act! Act! Act!" It is
the time for the teaching of new souls! 4 Each one of the older believers should
be teaching a class of NEW souls. Our responsible response to those Tablets is
only limited by ourselves. This new call has nothing to do with our hast services.
Past calls a.nd the responses thereto are recorded on the earlier (turned) pages
of the "Book of the Covenant" and belong to those past periods.
A new page demands a new arising, to which the offering must be that of
fuller consecration and greater activity than ever before! lt involves this re-
sponse from us, and this definite proof of our spiritual life. The days of nega-
tion are ended. The presence of the "Center" of the Covenant Will not be
with us very much longer. His departure will judge our deeds, as to real sever-
ance and actions, Now! This constitutes our firmness in the Covenant. Abdul-
Baha has given us its definition. He tells us it "is love, and obedience to his
commands." And "It is not mere Words. The command is explicit."
|s THE 
"This Movement is Stupendous and of
Paramount Importance"
(Continued from page 127)
Blessed Perfection ha.th
encircled the North and the South. The
fragrances of sanctity are being Wafted
and the breeze of life is passing by. The
Word of God is upheld and the everlast-
ing glory is revealed. The lamp of di-
vine unity is ignited and the flame of
clemency is glowing. From every direc-
tion the call of "Ya-Baha-el-Abha!" is
raised and in the Orient and in the Occi-
dent the teachings of God have struck
Wonder to the heart of every thinker.
Pamphlets and periodicals are being pub-
lished and circulated in America,
Europe and Africa. A section of the
press is engaged in praise and eulogy,
and another section of the press is awak-
ening the interest of the nations by ex-
claiming: "This Movement is stupen-
dous and of paramount importance."

