STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post oflice at Chicago. Illinois. under the Act of March 3.1879.
2* -- 7-- 7 
Edflorlalslafl: ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
i Honoram Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB i 
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI P. O. Box 283. U, S. A.
To personal check: please add sufliclent to cover the bank exchangeAddress all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE Is Gopl 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves_of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend 'upon firmness, 
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Anus. 
Vol. vn Baha' 1, 72? (March 2_1, 1916) 310. 1
Announcement
The Annual Convention of Bahai Temple Unity Will be held in Chicago,
April 29th to May 2d, inclusive. Detailed plans Will be announced in the call to
the assemblies and in a forthcoming issue of the STAR or THE WEST.
Harlan Foster Ober, Secretary.

aurooz Greeting
As the seventy-second year of the Millennium dawns, the lurid flames and
black smoke of Wa.r--such as the World has never beheld--seems to bccloud the
Sun of Truth.
How can such an hour be considered part of the Millennium?
Dispensations are like the links of a vast link overlapping the
other. Consider the history of the Christian cycle Which began with the birth
of Christ. Yet it Was not until seventy and more years later that the whirlwind
finish of the Hebraic cycle became manifest. The Millennium began in 1844 and
it is generally conceded that the end of the old dispensation draws nigh. The
overlapping period Witnesses the birth of the new and the death of the old; it
is "a time of trouble" and "the day of judgment."
At such a time "shall the righteous shine forth as the in the Kingdom
of their Father" (St. Matt. :24-30; 36-43).

