52 STAR OF THE WEST
God's Holy Spirit is first manifest in the bodily temple of the great prophet.
Then it reveals its glory to the world through the temple of his writings. At
last it sheds its splendor on the World through the temple of the lives of his
followers. But the symbol and the avenue for their united service to- the King-
dom Will be the temple of stone, this holy place of prayer called the Miashrak-eL
Azkar. There they will meet and become one. There the generations will meet
from age to age, and, turning their hearts to the same God', will become one.
A foretaste of the unity which this physical temple is to promote in the
lives of the children of the Kingdom was revcaledwin all the deliberations of this
recent convention. Self was forgotten, personal ambitions vanished away and the
hearts of those present were fused into a divine oneness by the common love of
the coming temple and the common will to lay its cornerstone in the days while
Abdul-Baha is still on earth.
If this thought of the temple can unite the hearts of his spiritual children
into a oneness so beautiful, so dynamic, so sublime, what will not the temple
itself do for the uniting of the future generations?
The Opening Session
By Josnrn H. 
ESPLENDENT in the spiritual
radiance which is char-
acteristic of -Bahai Conventions,
was the Feast of Rizwan, the first session
of the International Bahai Congress in
Chicago and of the eighth annual Mash-
rak-el-Azkar Convention. The large as-
sembly room of the Auditorium Hotel,
the use of which was given for this and
other sessions of the Convention and Con-
gress, was filled with delegates and
friends to the number of about two hun-
dred and fifty. Every section of the
United States was represented, with dele-
gates from Canada, from Syria and Per-
sia. Quite typically, the illumination Was
furnished by nine rows of nineteen in-
candescent lights. The speakers' table
extended the length of the room with
smaller tables in front of it around
which were gathered the friends who,
like members of a scattered family,
were celebrating a happy reunion.
Never was the spirit stronger, and the
spiritual fragrance of the hour was
typified by the perfume of the red
roses which abundantly decked the
tables. The Feast was wonderfully
served and the occasion stands out in
every detail as perfect and memorable.
Albert R. Windust presided and at
intervals read selections from the holy
utterances, thus interspersing the ma-
terial with the spiritual feast. The sup-
per was announced for 6 o'clock and by
8 the tables had been cleared and the
speakers of the evening were introduced.
Dr. B-agdadi first presented a history of
the Rizwan Day. Standing as he did
under the crossed American and Per-
sian flags at the head of the speakers'
table, his radiant countenance typified
the union of the East and the \/Vest.
The subject, "Investigation of Truth,"
was presented eloquently by Dr. Fred-
erick W. D"'Evelyn, of San Francisco,
the next speaker, who took at short
notice the place of Mr. Howard Mac-
Nutt Who had been announced but could
not be present. Another substitute was

