STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post ofiice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U. S.A.
To personal checks please add suificient to cover the bank exchange.
7 Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! mt rs con!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper' of the
Bahaus which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena 'will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become at
last thou shalt become the first paper oi the world oi humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
- --
Vol. VII Mulk 1, 72 (February 7 1917) No. 18

The former is David himself, the latter
is merely the tone of his voice. Knowl-
edge and Wisdom, purity and faithful-
ness and freedom of soul have not been
and are not judged by outward appear-
ances and dress 122).
Man should be a constant source of
Well-being an.d contentment and a ready
help to prosperity for multitudes of
people 54).
We ask, What deeds in the World could
be greater than working in the public
interests? Gan any higher career be
imagined than this-, that a man should
devote himself to the cause of the edu-
cation, progress, glory and prosperity
of the servants of God? It is the great-
est of pious deeds that the blessed souls
should take them that are powerless by
the hands and deliver them from ignor-
ance, degradation and poverty and, filled
with sincere purpose for the sake of God,
should gird up the lo-ins of their ambi-
tion in the service of all people, forget-
ting their own advantage and
striving for the common good. As it is
Written: "And prefer others over thy-
self, even though there be poverty
amongst them; the best of men are those
who do good to their fellows, and the
worst are those who do harm to them"
214).
It is plain and evident that the great-
est glory of humanity consists in obey-
ing the omnipotent God, and man 's no-
bility and honor depend upon his follow-
ing the injunctions and prohibitions of
the Lord, the Single One 150).
It is quite plain and obvious that the
life of this mortal World like the breezes
at daybreak is not enduring but passes
away. Blessed therefore is the great one
who, walking in the path of God's will
shall leave behind him a. praiscworthy
fame and happy remembrance. "When
the pure soul is about to pass away, What
matter Whether it dies 011 a throne or on
the surface of dust" 148).
(Wo1=ds of Abdul-Baha: Mysteriozzs
Forces of Cimhzation.)
As to the seven qualifications of the
divinely enlightened soul of which thou
hast asked an explanation, it is as fol-
lows:
Knowledge. Man must attain the
knowledge of God.
Faith .

