24 STAR or THE WEST
Its destruction in the eastern part of the
W-orld and in Persia Was made by the ap-
peara.nce of the religion of Zoroaster.
There are only about five thousand fami-
lies o-f this religion still living in the
Western part of Persia. Some of the
people of Africa are also believers in
Sabianism. The point that I Want to
get at is this thirty-eighth verse. By the
ruling of Nebuchadnezzar is not meant
his material go-vernment, inasmuch as
his material government Was not a
prevalent government throughout all
the World, as is understood by this verse,
but by this is meant his religion Which
Was the prevalent religion of the World
in that day.
Then the thirty-ninth verse: This sec-
ond religion Was Christianity. Although
Christianity Was pure and exa.ctly like
gold, which Was seen by the king in his
dream, its number did not subdue the
number of those who Were believing in
the Sabian religion; therefore Chris-
tianity' is interpreted by silver. Chris-
tianity Was pure, glorious and" grand,
but the number of people Who believed
in Christianity in those days Was less
than the number Who believed in Sabian-
ism, and although sub-
dued Chaldea, soon after it was removed
from that part of the country. In this
thirty-ninth verse We read: "And an-
other third kingdom of brass, Which shall
bear rule over the earth." By brass is
meant the condition of the religion of
Zoroaster; although it Was inferior to
Christianity, still it Was a prevalent re-
ligion, next to Christianity in those days.
If you Want to knoW the extensive coun-
try over Which Zoroaster's religion Was
ruling, you should take up- the history 0-f
Darius and Cyrus. This Will give you an
idea of the prevalence of Zoroastrianism
in those days. Verse forty: "And the
fourth kingdom shall be as strong as
iron," etc. By the fourth kingdom is
meant the religion of Mohammed, inas-
much as it Was so strong as to bruise
Zoroastrianism and Sabianism, and this
religion also turned the Christians out of
those lands. As it is said here: "For-
asmuch as iron breaketh in pieces and
subdueth all things: and as iron that
brcaketh all these, shall it break in pieces
and bruise," so that the religion of
Islam, by conquering a country, Would
crush it and break it down.
Then read the forty-first verse.
The fourth religion shall be divided,
Which was Islam, and these tWo di-
visions of the religion of Islam
Were the Sunites and the Shiites.
One of them continued to be firm
and strong as iron. By this is
meant the Sunite branch in Turkey,
Which useldl t-o be in a strong condition
until the dawn of this great dispensa-
tion. But part of the fourth religion
Was of clay and Was broken. This refers
to the Persians, Wh-ere the Shiite religion
is prevalent, Which Was brought low. If
you study the history of the World you
Will find that for six hundred years
until the present time, Which Was the
duration 0-f the constitution of Turkey,
the Sunite religion has been a prevalent
religion, While the Shiite branch of Per-I
sia has always been in abasement and
desolation. Although you Will find that
the Shiites and the Sunites belong to
the same religion, are extended from the
same root, still they do not mix, just as
iron never mixes With clay. As a. proof
of this you Will find that enmity has
alWays existed between the Shiites and
the Sunites. They have never inter-
married; they never communicate With
each other; they never even eat With
each other; they Will not mix.
Read the forty-fourth verse. This re-
fers to the appearance of this great dis-
pensation, the great Bahai religion, dur-
ing the time of these tWo communities,
the Shiites and the Sunites. The relig-
ion of appeared during the
time of these tWo nations. This religion
Will remove the differences, disunion and
inharmony from among the World. Read
verse forty-five. The stone Was BAHA-
Which came from the heaven of
the Glory of God.

