
ye people! Draw nigh unto It
(T/ze Branch) and taste the fruits of
Its Knowledge and Wisdom"
YE Do ye flee from the mercy of God after it
0 hath encompassed the existent things created between the
heavens and earths? Beware lest ye prefer your ovvnselves
before the mercy of God, and deprive not yourselves thereof. Verily,
whosoever turneth away therefrom Will be in great loss.. . . .
Verily, the ocean of pre-existence hath branched forth from
this most great' ocean. Blessed therefore is he who abides upon
its shores, and is of those Who are established thereon. Verily,
this most sacred temple of Branch of 
branched forth from the Sadrat-el-Muntaha..* Blessed is whoso-
ever sought shelter beneath it and is of those who rest therein!
Verily, the Branch of Command hath sprung forth from this
Root which God hath firmly planted in the ground of the will,
the Limb of which hath been elevated to a station which encom-
passes all existence. Therefore, exalted be He for this creation,
the Lofty, the Blessed, the Inaccessible, the Mighty"!
ye people! Draw nigh unto it (The Branch) and taste the
fruits of its knowledge and wisdom on the part of the Mighty, the
Knowing Onepeople! Praise ye God for its manifestation (The Branch),
for verily it is the most great favor unto you and the most per-
fect blessing upon you; and through him every mouldering bone
is quickened. Wthosoever turns to him hath surely turned unto
God, and whosoever turneth away from him hath turned away
from my beauty, denied my proof and is of those who transgress.
Verily, he is the remembrance of G-od amongst you and His trust
within you, and His manifestation unto you, and His appearance
among the servants who are 11igl1. Thus have I been commanded
to convey to you the message of God, your Creator; and I have
delivered to you that of which I was commanded. \Vhereupon,
thereunto testifieth God, then His angels, then His messengers,
and then His holy servants. . . . .
Extracts from The Tablet of The Branch.
From the Supreme Pen of 
tree planted at the end of the road [or the guidance of the traveler. Here it refers to the
Manifestation of God, 

