srnu or THE WEST 61
has been the result'? In two months
there has been pledged, together With
what was on hand in the treasury, two-
thirds of the entire amount which had
been raised in eight years. So I can
say to you today, We have already
pledged or paid in $54,000, not yet in-
cluding anything from New York, Chi-
cago or the Pacific coast.
We have $54,000 pledged to be paid
in tvvo years. What shall We do next?
II/hat shall We do With the divine fire that
has sprung up in our breasts'? Shall we
not let it spread until it encircles this
Whole country and the world? It may
require sacrifice if We are to raise $200,-
000 so we may lay the corner stone in
1917. But if I could utter one thous-
andth part of What I should' say there
Would arise in us such a consciousness of
the love of God, such a realization of the
presence of the Supreme Concourse in
this place that this task would be accom-
plished in a. moment.
Mr. Ober: Vilhen Abdul-Baha was in
America, friend, a very lovely soul,
said to him, "My Master, I wish to give
a great gift and I wish to assist in some
material Way." Abdul-Baha said to the
interpreter: "Why does she not build
the Mashrak-el-Azkar?" The interpre-
ter said, "Will you permit me to tell her
Abdul-Baha. said, "No, she must
know it in her own heart." Then he
added, _"If Abdul-Baha was to build this
temple it Would be built at once. But I
have left the entire matter in the hands
of the Executive Board."
Abdul-Baha has said that at the very
beginning of the building of the temple
there will be Wonderful results. "We
cannot comprehend the universal sig-
nificance of the Mashrak-el-Azkar. It is
a forerunner of the new universal World
order, with its abolition of its
union of the races, the sects, the relig~
ions, the nations. It is. the symbol of
the coming of the universal peace, peace
among religions, among races, peace he-
tween science and religion, the peace
which is the peace of God. The people
of the World assume liabilities, make sac-
rifices for their enterprises. Cannot We
take the step of faith'? We are not alone
for Abdul-Baha. has said the hosts of
the Supreme Concourse are drawn up in
battle array to assist those who a.rise to
accomplish this divine purpose.
Mrs. Ober: "When Abdul-Baha was
in America I told him I had rented a
house at Green Acre for five years.
"You do not need a house," he said,
"spread a tent over you." Now I un~
derstand what he meant by saying you
do not need a house. He was teaching
me to spread over myself the tent of
God 's oneness, he was -taking me 0-ut into
the realm of faith, the realm of that
spiritual consciousness where the manna
falls dovvn from heaven. I am now
learning what he meant. The manna
comes from heaven when We have the
faith to give all We have to- the service
of our God.
Mrs. Herrick: The artist. first' has a
picture in his mind before it is painted.
Let us picture on the canvas of our
spirits the Mashrak-el-Azka-r, its glorious
house of prayer for all the nations, its
hospital for the sick, its school and or-
phanage for little children, its university
for scientific research, and the higher
education. Oh, friends, do you hear
Abdul-Baha calling you'? Can you not
see him with his ear turned to America
listening to lmow What the friends are
going to do"? I know We are not going
to disappoint him. When We have given
our lives God will take care of us. He
has plenty. We have God. Is not that
sufficient?
Mrs. de Lagnel: If We have faith We
can accomplish anything. I Went to
Acca on faith and prayer. By faith I
was able to enter the glorious presence
of Abdul-Baha.
When in the orient I heard this little
story. There was a. very dear old lady.
All her property had been confiscated
except one little piece of land. She sold

