STAR OF THE WEST 11
hood and inadvertence. He revealed the
message of God to all the crowned heads
of the world' and reminded them of the
appearance of the King of the divine
kingdom to whom kings and subjects
should equally b-ear allegiance, and from
whom all races should seek light and
guidance.
Thus, in a short space of time, his
great ca.use was spread throughout the
world and thousands out of all nations
and religious communities acknowledged
his Word and saw the beauty of their
Lord in the temple of man. His life-
imparting breath diffused the breeze 0-f
regeneration throughout the graveyards
of humanity and resurrected the spirit-
ually dead from the tombs of he-edless-
ness and desire. When his blessed per-
son desired to return to his invisible
kingdom and to ascend to the heaven of
the unseen realm, he bade farewell to
the court of phenomena and in the year
1892 he repaired to the supreme hori-
zon. Before his departure, he wrote
his blessed book of his covenant with
his own hand and sealed it with his
own seal, in which book he entered into
a Covenant with all the people o-f the
world, including his own household and
"branches," that after his ascension,
they should unanimously bear allegiance
to and obey his eldest son, the Greatest
Branch, the Mystery of God, the Center
of the "Covenant, Abdul-Baha.
Thus, in fulfillment of the prophecies,
the beauty of the so-n appeared in the
temple of servitude to teach humanity
how to serve the beauty of El-Abha, and
how, through meekness and humility, to
attain to his goo-d pleasure. He stood
firm under all kinds of trials and tribula-
tions, and notwithstanding myriads of
arrows of oppression are flying toward
his blessed person, from all sides and
directions, he is constantly teaching hu-
manity to love their fellow creatures and
to co-operate in raising the banner of
Universal Peace, even at the risk of their
lives and property. He is the exponent
of the Words of he is
the preacher of the sermon of love; he
is the lover of mankind; he is the one
who was appointed to direct the whole
world to the fountain head of peace and
harmony.
When we carefully investigate the
teachings of we will find
that the subject matter of his scriptures
is the unification of mankind and the re-
moval of religious prejudices. In one
of the tablets he has said: people
of the world, the pavilion of unity is
raised, do not gaze upon each other with
the of foreignness! Ye are the fruits
of one tree and the leaves of one
branch." Likewise, "Let him not glory
who loves his own country but let him
glory who loves the whole world." He
has likewise demonstrated that the es-
sential parts of the religion of God are
faith and obedience that these two are
inseparable; faith without obedience, or
obedience Without faith is not sufficient
to work out man 's salvation. Love is the
mother of faith. Faith signifies obedi-
ence to the commands of God and com-
pliance with His laws and ordinances
and is conducive to a pure life, which is
the only and greatest fruit that can be
gathered from the garden of faith.
Man should prove his faith through
deeds and actions, not through words
and claims. If the edifice of faith could
be secured upon mere words, every liv-
ing creature would be accounted of the
faithful; even those who fought against
the hosts of God and shed the blood of
His prophets professed faith by Word
of mouth. Faith is the tree, and the
fruit thereof is good deeds and actions
and pure living. Faith without deeds is
a tree without fruit, which is not worth
mentioning. In this connection it is said
by the pen of El-Baha: "In this dis-
pen-sat'ion the conquering hosts are good
qualities and deeds, and the leader of this
army is the fear of God. This is a com-
mander and possessor of all things."
Likewise, in the Tablet of the Wo2~ld,
(Continued on page 15)

