74 sraa on
maddening activities. Morning and
evening, led by Abdul-Baha, We offer our
heartfelt prayers at the threshold. In
the rose-garden of the Holy Tomb, so
far nearly forty tablets have been dic-
tated for the friends in the United
States. Some of them are most import-
ant in their future results and imports.
Little by little I will t'ranslate and mail
them. The originals cannot be sent for
the present, but I am keeping them for
future delivery, either personally or by
post. The health of Abdul-Baha is per-
fect', and all the friends are Well and
thankful to the Lord for his boundless

mercy and bounty. I hope you have re-
ceived, by this time, all the letters and
cards containing tablets. Here the coun-
try is very beautiful. It has been full
of red tulips, yellow and white daisies
and other pink, violet and red flowers,
changing the black soil into a. lovely Per-
sian carpet. Many happy and spiritual
incidents transpire in these calm and
peaceful days of our uninterrupted as-
sociation with Abdul-Baha. I am with
him pract'ically all the time. Love to
all the friends.
Your devoted brother,
Ahmad Sohmb.
Mrs. Ford on the Pacific Coast
OR. the last year Mrs. Ford has been
lectfiuring at the Panama-Pacific EX-
position on art, portraying the vi-
sion of beauty she sees at the dawn of
this new age. She has also often spoken
011 the Bahai Movement, which she be-
holds bringing to the world the beauty
of an undreained of spiritual glory in
the age that is to be.
Recently she gave a series of lectures
in Portland and Seattle. She spoke be-
fore federations of women's clubs on the
new station of women. She spoke be-
fore the Portland Oivic League on "The
New Preparedness." She gave an ad-
dress before the Portland Art Associa-
tion on "The New Tendencies of Modern
Art." She gave a beautiful lecture on
the architecture of the Mashrak-el-Azkar,
the Bahai ideal of the universal church.
She spoke on "Modern Economics. 
One of her most! interesting talks was
upon "The Bahai Movement and Spirit-
ual Healing." In this she said:
"Deny injury and- illness, and then lift
yourself up to the Divine One, and thus
bring yourself health and healing. In-
stead of dwelling upon your injury or
your ailment, talking about it and pity-
ing yourself, call upon God for strength,
health, Wisdom, ideals, courage and a re-
newal of the soul and body. The power
of the spiritual belongs to the whole
world, and not to at few. It is easily
acquired, and will often restore both
body and soul. One must become as a
little child to receive>> the Kingdom of
heaven into the heart."
Soon Mrs. Ford is planning tfo come
east. She is carrying out in her beauti-
ful way the Words of Abdul-Baha to her:
"Go to all peoples and nations and give
the glad continually."
The Need of the Great and Perfect Master
(Continued from page 71)
ocity; there is also ferocity in man. In
the animal there is what is called hypoc-
risy or slyness, like u11t'o that in the fox;
and in the animal there is greed--and
there is ignorance. So there are all these
irrman. In the animal there are injust-
ice and tyranny; so likewise are they in
man. The reality of man, therefore, is
clad, you might say, in its outer form
in the garment of the animal, in the gar-
ment of the world of nature, of the world
of darkness; that is the world of im-
perfection, that is the world of infinite
baseness.
On the other hand, we find that there
is justice in man, there is sincerity in

