sran or THE WEST 153
for thee except the hearts which I have
appointed as a place for the descent of
the inanifestation of my beauty and
glory; . . .
Words, Persian, verse 27.)
Asked, "What is true greatness in
man Abdul-Baha answered:
"His spiritual attributes. No o-ne can
destroy his spiritual qualities; they are
from God. 
1' Te-n Days -in the Light of Acne; p. 13.}
The station of man is great if he hold
to truth and rectitude and keep firm and
steadfast in the command.
A real man is seen before the Merci-
ful One like unto the heaven; his sight
and hearing are the sun and moon and
his luminous and shining qualities are
the stars; his station is the highest sta-
tion and his traces are the educators of
the world.
@'K'ituh-ct-A lid.-; Baha'o'llah's 
In the beginning of his life man was
in the matrix World. In the World of
the matrix he obtained capacity and
preparation for this World. The forces
and powers necessary for this World he
attained there. In this World he needed
eyes; he received them, potentially, in
the other. He needed ears; therefore he
obtained them in the world of the matrix.
All the powers he needed in this world
he attained potentially in the World of
the matrix. In the World of the matrix
therefore he was prepared for this
world; so that when he came to this
world he found that all the necessary
forces were ready all his needs for ma-
terial sustenance Were provided.
Therefore in this world also he must
prepare himself and get ready for the
life hereafter. That of which he is in
need in the world of the Kingdom he
must obtain here. Just as he prepared
himself by acquiring the forces necessary
in this World in the of the matrix,
so likewise it is necessary that all that is
needful in the Kingdom, all the forces of
the be acquired in this
world.
'What is he in need of in the Kingdom
after he is transferred from this World
to the other World? Thai>> world is e.
World of sanctity; therefore it is neces~
sary that he acquire sanctity in this
world. In that world there is need of
radiance; therefore ra.dia.nce must be a.c~
quired in this World. In that World there
is need of spirituality. In this world he
must acquire spirituality. In that world
faith and assurance, the knowledge of
God, the love of God, are needed. These
he must acquire in this World so that
after he ascends from this mortal to that-
world he shall find that all that
is needful in that life eternal is ready for
him.
It is self-evident that that world is
a World of lights; therefore there is need
of illumination. That World is a world
of love; hence love of God is needed.
That World is a World of perfections;
virtues of perfection must be acquired.
That world is a World of the breaths of
the Holy Spirit and in this World must
they be acquired. That world is a world
of the life eternal. In this World must
he acquire it. But ho-W can he'? By what
means can he acquire these thingsi' How
is he to obtain these merciful powers?
First, through the knowledge of God.
Second,--through the love of God. Third,
~--through faith. Fourth,--through phil-
anthropic deeds. self-
sacrifice. severance from
this world. Seventh,--t-hrough sanctity
and holiness. Unless he obtain these
forces, unless he attain to these require-
ments, surely he Will be deprived of the
life eternal. But if he attains the knowi-
edge of God, becomes ignited through the
fire of the lore of God, witnesses the
great and mighty signs, becomes the
cause of love among mankind and lives
in the utmost sanctity and holiness, sure-
ly he shail attain to second birth, will

