STAR OF THE WEST 111
itself to the tree that. will come from
it. The seed is outwardly lost, sacri-
ficed, but the same seed which is sacri-
ficed will be running through the tree,
will be embodied in that tree, in the
branches thereof, in the blossoms thereof
and in the fruit. If the personality 
mightsay) of that seed, if the identical
self of that seed had not been sacrificed
to the tree which became manifest from
it, there would have been no tree, no
branches, no blossoms and no fruits
forthcoming. His Holiness. outwardly
disappeared. His personality became
hidden from the eyes, even as the person-
ality of the seed disappeared, but the
bounties, high qualities and perfections
of Christ became manifest in the Chris-
tian co-mmunity which Christ founded
through sacrificing himself. V\Then you
look at the tree, you will see that the
perfections of the seed, the blessings: of
the seed, the properties of the seed and
the beauty of the seed are manifest in the
branches, twigs, blossoms and fruit; con-
sequently, the seed sacrificed itself to the
tree. Had it not sacrificed itself to the
tree, that tree would not have come into
existence. Now his holiness Christ, like
unto the seed, sacrificed' himself for the
tree of Christianity, and his perfections,
his bounties, his favors, his light and
grace became manifest in the tree of
the Christian community for the coming
of which he sacrificed himself.
As to the fourth meaning of sacrifice,
it is this: that a reality shall sacrifice
its own characteristics. It is this: that
a man must. seclude. hims-elf from the
World of matter, from the world of na-
ture, from the rules of nature and from
the laws o-f nature, for the world of
nature is the world of corruption. It is
the world of evil morals; it is the World
of darkness; it is the world of animal-
ism; it is the world' of ferocity; it is the
world of bloodthirstiness; it is the world
of rancor; it is the world of ambition;
it is the world of greed; it is the world
of struggle for" existence; it is the world
of self-worship it is the World of being
lost in self-desire and lust; it is the world
of nature. Man must strip himself of
all these imperfections. Man must sacri-
fice all these characteristics which are
peculiar to the World of nature.
Then, on the other hand, man must
acquire heavenly qualities. Man must
partake of the divine attributes. Man
must become the image and likeness of
God. Man must seek the bounty of the
eternal, become the manifestor of the
lo-ve of God, the light of guidance, the
blessed tree, and become the depository
of the bounties of God. Thus man
must sacrifice the qualities and attributes
of the world of nature for the qualities
and attributes of the world of God.
For instance, consider the iron. See the
qualities that it has. It is black. It is
solid. It is cold. These are the charac-
teristics of iron. When the same iron
imb-ibes heat from the fire, then it sacri-
fices its attribute of solidity for the at-
tribute of fluidity. It sacrifices its
attribute of darkness for the attribute of
light imbibed from the fire. It sacrifices
its attribute of coldness to the quality of
heat which characterizes the fire, so that
in the iron there remains no humidity,
no solidity, no darkness-. It becomes
illumined; it gains warmth and fluidity,
which are the characteristics of the fire.
The iron sacrificed its qualities to the
qualities and attributes: of the fire. Like-
wise man, when separating himself from
the world of nature, sacrifices all the at-
tributes and exigencies of the world of
nature, a.nd the perfections of the king-
dom become manifest and evident, just
as the qualities. of the iron disappeared
and the qualities of the fire appeared in
their place.
Every man trained through the teach-
ings of God and illumined through the
light of guidance, who becomes a believer
in God and his signs, and is enkindled
with the fire of the love of God, sacri-
fices the imperfections of nature
for the sake of the perfections of
(Continued on page 115)

