swan or THE WEST 173
Divine Teachings
Words of Abdul-Baha, reprinted from The International Gazette,
July, 1914
There are two general and principal
classes of divine teachings. One is spirit-
ual, and pertainsto the moralities. Tl1is
is the fundamental basis of the divine
law, unchangeable and unalterable,
which has been reiterated and renewed
in the cycle of every prophet. Its com-
mands refer to justice, truthfulness, com-
passion, faith, love of God, self-devotion,
self-sacrifice, steadfastness, including all
divine and merciful attributes. This is the
unchanging and unmoving law of God.
The second class of divine teachings is
material and deals with behaviour, such
as divorce, the commandments, the Way
of worshipping. All these conditions
have changed in the cycle of every
prophet. The character of divine sover-
eignty has no change or transformation,
but the organization and administration
change continually. This is Why Jesus
Christ said: came not to destroy the
law, but to fulfill it." At the same time
there are conditions that are changeable.
Tablet from Abdul-Baha to the Bahais of Germany
Extract from a letter by Azizollah to Mrs. Alice Schwarz, dated June 30, 1916
Three days a.go when We were all in
Abdul-Baha's holy presence, I delivered
to him the translations of your letters, as
well as those of Mr. Herrigel and Miss
Knobloch. He read them with a ringing
loud voice and closed with a. happy facial
expression making a few remarks about
the dear father (Consul Schwarz) and
praising him highly.
After a few minutes of rest he saidi
"The religion of God has now been
proclaimed in Germany. "Then the di-
vine seed takes root in the soil, they
will automatically spread and other
roots appear and extend into the depth
of the hearts.
"Now the cause of Almighty God has
taken root in Germany and its roots are
going to radiate like trees in full bloom.
In the same manner that pernicious and
destructive types of men have a con-
tagious influence, so the spiritual and
divine type exerts an influence that is
of a far-reaching and permeating nature.
"It is well known, that when once a
blessed soul of any nation steps into the
religion of God, it is capable of saving
the Whole community from the darkness
of the world, from materialism and ani-
nialism. He brings. to them divine qual-
ities and frees them from indifference
towards God, from prejudices which are
founded on ignorance, from animal in-
stincts, and from the attachment to the
material world and the surrender of self
to attachment to the material
world, I do not mean social intercourse
and economic relations upon which the
progress of the world depends, but I
mean the ascendency of the lower life
over the higher ideals of human society.
Now, God be praised, shining and divine
realities have penetrated into Germany."
After uttering these Words, Abdul-
Baha gave us permission to leave say-
ing: "Now you are to enjoy yourselves
upon this mountain of the Lord (Mt.
Carmel) on which the Prophets of God
used to dwell or often lingered while
on earth-rest and recreate after the
arduous tasks and exhaustion of the
year's study."
For Germany: To the friends of God
them be greeting and praise!
ye true friends and ye who are firm in
the love of God!
Although it has been a long time since
I have written you a. letter of any kind,
the heart and soul were nevertheless in

