132 sran or TI-IE 
ance must exhibit its eloquent speech.
The light and the heat are the con-
comitant results of the lamp. The bril-
liancy of the stars must be everlasting.
The existence of the ocean connotes the
waves. The birds must soar toward the
apex. The pearls are inseparable from
their lustre and sweet fragrance must
qualify the blossoms of the rose-garden
of knowledge. It is hoped that through
the favor of the living, Self-subsistent,
we may become assisted in a befitting
manner.
ye believers of God! Divine teach-
ings are conducive to eternal life, the
cause of the illumination of the world
of humanity, the means of peace and con-
ciliation, love and salvation, the basis
of fellowship, uprightness and friend-
ship in the World of creation and the in-
strument of unity and accord, solidarity
and inter-dependence amongst the incli-
viduals of the body politic. Conse-
quently you must lay the foundation of
this structure in this mortal world; thus
you may confer upon it infinite and
abundant life and become the source of
the enlightenment of the world of exist-
ence. It is incumbent upon you to con-
sort with all the nations and people of
the world with the utmost love, kind-
ness and show affection, justice, assist-
ance, consideration and courtesy to all
the different communities and sects. Be-
come ye a remedy to every pain, a. balsam
of healing a11d recovery to every wound,
to every weak one become ye a support
and aid and succor every poor one. Be-
come ye to the fearful ones the impreg-
nable cave of safety and to the agitated
ones a sure asylum. . . . . In this
great cycle it is mor.e acceptable and be-
loved to close one 's eyes to all the limita-
tions. The friends may become the mani-
festors of the qualities of the Merciful
and Clement a.nd arise in the service of
all humanity; nay, rather they must be
most kind toward the animals; for
verily His mercy hath encompassed all
things. . . . .
ye believers of God! This is the
time of self-abnegation and renunciation
and the era of servitude and loyalty.
The utmost height of this servant is the
station of Servitude to His Highness the
Almighty. If he becomes accepted at
the threshold of servitude how glorious
will be this most great gift. Otherwise
he Will be deprived of the mercy of God.
Therefore the utmost hope and aspira-
tion of Abdul-Baha is to open his wings
in this space, to run toward this field,
obtain infinite exhilaration from this
wine, be intoxicated with this cup a11d
acquire the longing of heart and spirit.
Every other mention save this unchange-
able, beloved name (Abdul-Baha) will
become the cause of grief and sorrow
and the source of the greatest regret
and illimitable remorse. I request
from the friends of God that day and
night they may supplicate and implore
at the divine Kingdom so that my servi-
tude might become accepted i11 the
threshold of 
ye believers of God! If you wish
the joy, happiness a11d the composure of
the spirit and the peace of the conscience
of Abdul-Baha, strengthen the bonds of
union and harmony amongst yourselves
so that all of you may become the waves
of one sea, the drops of one river, the
flowers of one garden, the links of one
cuirass, soaring in the atmosphere and
breaking forth into one glad song. This
is the cause of my everlasting joy! This
is the motive of the repose of my mind
and heart' in the eternal world! . . . .
Today there is no greater service than
union and accord amongst the believers.
This is the imperative need! This is the
happy consummation. This is the most
great attainment and the manifest be-
stowal for those who are sheltered be-
neath the shade of the Blessed Tree!
Upon ye be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab;
copied from the Diary of Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab, dated January 9, 1914.

