34 STAR OF THE WEST
confirmed. That' Which is of essential
importance is your unity andagreement.
You must be in the utmost state of unity
and agreement. You must love one
another; you must be self-sacrificing for
one another. If you observe any short-
comings on the part of any, as much as
you can, be forgiving and do not be
harsh. Even if you wish to admonish,
let your admonition be in symbols; do
not express it explicitly lest any heart
should be saddened. Remember that in
the world of existence there is nothing
so bad as injuring a heart, for the heart
of a man is the place of the descent of
the Merciful and man must not at all dis-
quiet or harm the place of the Merciful.
Man must ever strive to make the hearts
grateful, to rejoice the spirits, to render
the thoughts radiant, to be the cause of
the comfort and ease of others. This is
the station of the Bahais and this is
the utmost desire of those who are di-
vine.
Now, the friends of God in Persia have
reached such a stage that each is willing
to sacrifice his life for the others, each
one accounting himself the servant of
the others. How many of the nobles
are occupied With the service of the poor.
How many of the dear ones are most
humble and submissive in the presence
of the lowly! Wha-t is this for? It is
for the love of God. It is for sincerity.
It is for faith. It is for certainty.
All the people of the World look at us
to see how We act; what our character-
istics are; what our attributes are; what
our mode of procedure is. They all look
toward us, andiwe must act in such Wise
that We may not be the cause of the deg-
radation of the Cause of God. Nay,
.rather, that we may be the cause of the
glory of God and if we-behold his face in his kingdom'!
What shall be our -apology? Did 
not teach us by his deeds? Did
he not teach us through self-sacrifice'?
Did he not teach us through his ordeals
and difficulties? Is it meet that we should
forget them?
Thank God that he has suffered you
to attain this great bestowal. Let us
thank God that he has suffered us to be
sheltered beneath the Tree of Life. Let
us thank Go-d that he has accepted us in
his kingdom. Let us offer thanks to
God that he has specialized us for the
favor which was the utmost aim of the
holy saints. Let us thank God that, not-
withstanding the lack of capacity, he
bestows every favor upon us, every grace
is showered upon us, and every bounty
is revealed to us. He prepared for us the
good of both worlds; he prepared for
us eternal honor; he gave unto us the
life everlasting; he chose us out of all
the nations of the world and he caused
us to attain to that which is the sub-
limity of the human world. Praise God
for such an attainment as this! Thank
God that such a guidance is yours! And
strive with life to hold aloft the banner
of the great guidance, to be the cause
of the illumination of the east and west,
the cause of unity of all nations, that
you may be the means of manifesting
the spiritual attributes, that you may
become imbued with the qualities of the
faithful, that you may be distinguished
in all virtues, that you may be set aglow
with the fire of love of God and attracted
by the love of God.
"There is a power in this Cause, a mysterious power, far, far, far away
from the ken of men and angels. That invisible power is the cause of all these
outward activities. It moves the hearts. It rends the mountains. It administers
the complicated affairs of the Cause. It inspires the friends. It dashes into a
thousand pieces all the forces of opposition. It creates new spiritual worlds.
This is a mystery of the Kingdom of 

