4 swan or
of phenomenal science and speculation,
were entirely veiled from the Truth, and
the help of outward senses did no other
than to cast them in the bottomless abyss
of remorse and ignorance. The few,
who sought only for the Light, attained
to never-ending life, while the many
who judged the Light by the outward
appearance of the lamp, were sub-
merged in the sea of everlasting death.
The former became the goal of kings and
queens, but the latter became the shame
of nations, and their names remained in
the wor1d's history as a subject of uni-
versal derision and disdain. Peter be-
came the custodian of divine mysteries,
while Oaiaphas became a true symbol of
human abomination.
Everything in the world, such as tree,
ocean, light, man or beast, has a poor
beginning. For instance, the beginning
of a tree is a seed, that of the ocean a
drop, that of sunlight the dim twilight,
that of man the embryo, and that of
beast, an insignificant speck of mere po-
tentiality. Just as the twilight, the
drop, the seed and the embryo have
severally the potentiality of becoming
a midday sun, an ocean, a stately tree
and a perfect man, likewise, a discerning
man sees and realizes a movement of
nineteen hundred years duration in the
lowly man of Nazareth, the extinction of
polytheism and idolatry in the illiterate
man of Arabia, and the establishment of
the Universal Peace and general emanci-
pation of mankind in the
noble man of Persia.
Philosophy and clear thinking teach
that everfihing accidental and visible is
an effect and is the outcome of a cause.
The appearance and life of things begin
with the existence of their causes.
Though causes are ideas and pre-existent
to the effects which are forms, yet the
latter are inseparable from and contem-
poraneous with the former. For a fur-
ther illustration of this fact, I quote the
following from the words of Emerson,
the literary and moral genius of
America.
THE WEST
"Cause and efiect, means and ends,
seed and fruit, cannot be severed; for
the effect already blooms in the cause,
the end pre-exists in the means and the
fruit in the seed. The change which
breaks up at short intervals the prosper-
ity of men are advertisements of a na-
ture whose law is growth."
Also the same authority has said:
"Thought and form are equal in the
order of time; but in the order of gene-
sis, the thought is prior to the form."
One day when in Acca, Abdul-Baha,
speaking of the mentioned fact and ex-
plaining that the possibility of every
effect is latent or deposited in its cause,
gave the following illustration:
wise man when looking at an egg,
sees in it the whole form of a bird; he
sees the beak, the claws, the plumage, the
wings and the eyes, as well as the song
and melody of the bird; but a child or
an unwise man sees nothing but the egg,
even unable to go any further than the
outward shell and appearance."
Thus it was through the innate Light
of Truth and divine power manifest in
the "Lowly Nazarene," that he said:
"Verily, I have overcome the world,"
while the multitude, who were blind to
this fact judged Him fro-m His out-
ward humility and poverty and laughed
at His words in derision. Woe unto man
if he relies upon his outward sens-es and
judges things according to their appear-
ance!
The life of vegetation begins in the
seed, and the seed bursts forth in early
spring through the training of the vernal
shower and gentle breezes. So is the
case with the religious growth. It be-
gins with the rise of a perfect man who
represents that Invisible Sun of Truth
in its fullness and perfection. The rise
of such a man puts a period to the old
cycles and' opens the paragraph of a new.
dispensation. His rise is the spiritual
spring-time, through the refreshing
breezes of which the sterile desert of the
chaotic world blossoms into new life and
becomes the envy of the Kingdom. The

