154 STAR or
be b-aptized with the Holy Spirit and
witness the life eternal.
(Star of the l7Vcsi; Vol. 5, No. 11, p. 11.)
Praise be to- God that his holiness
Baha'o'llah, has spread before us the
heavenly table upon which one finds
every kind of food. There is the food of
faith and assurance; t11e sustenance of
divine virtues; the bread of the love of
God; the meat of the glad-tidings. oi the
kingdom of Abha; the victuals of sev-
erance and detachment; the viands of
enkindlement and attraction; the nutri-
ment of sanctity and holiness; the dish
of attraction with the fragrances of God;
the sustenance of the breaths of the Holy
Spirit; the food of eternal life; the
nourishment of teaching the cause of
God and promulgating the 1'elig_ion of
God. In short, one finds on this divine
table all kinds of spiritual food which
constitutes the real Supper of the Lord.
(Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, October
17, 1914.)

The world and its objects are tran-
sitory. Phenomena undergo change and
transformation but God and his- servants
remain unalterable and not subject to
transmutation. We must attach our
hearts to Him if we desire to be eternally
happy.
(Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, April
9, 1914.)
A material man lets himself be Wor-
ried and harrassed by little things but
a spiritual man is always calm and se-
rene under all circumstances.
(Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, July
10, 1914.)
If a person is confirmed in the ac-
complishment of the services of the King-
dom, his conditions are of sec-
THE WEST
ondary importance. The greatest be-
stowal that it is possible for a soul to
attain inthis world is this; that he may
spend his life, his forces, his possessions,
his body, his heart and his spirit in the
path of the service of the Blessed (Glory
of God) and that towards the last of
his life he may drink the cup of mar-
tyrdom. This is indeed the most blessed
state, the loft-iest pinnacle of perfec-
tion!
ls there a greater or more harrow-
ing regret in the world than to spend
one's physical energies in the awful road
of lust, sinful passions, inordinate de-
sires and the frivolities of the age! No!
I declare by God! how pitiful to
watch the last flicker of hope dying out
of such a life! Because when the last
curtain falls on such a dissipated life he
finds to his utter remorse his nerves
racked, his resources drained, his fortune
wrecked, his hopes unfulfilled, his op-
portunities lost, his visions unaccom-
plished, his energies wasted and the
light of his spirit extinguished! "What
were the results of these deeds? 'What
was the sum total of these thoughts?
What was the outcome of this sowing of
wild oats? Where is the man with his
youthful ambitions"? In what heap of
mud and Water did he throw the bril-
liant gems of his ideals'? "What has he
done with his God-given intelligence'?
He has indeed lived a fruitless life, sur-
rounded himselif with the suggestions of
passions and the gratification of selfish
appetites. His life is brought to a tragic
close, enveloped with regrets, remorse!
Verily this is the most evident loss!
But, on the other hand, how glorious
is the life of a person when toward the
last days of his existence he is
ahle to contemplate with great satisfac-
tion that, praise be to God, through the
assistance of the Almighty, he has been
fortunate and given his belongings, his
life, his spirit, his body and all his fac-
ulties in the path of the love of God,
accepting all manner of persecutions, re-
vilings and afflictions with serenity of

