 or THE 53
Joseph H. Hannen whose t'opic was
"Fundamental Unity of All Religions."
Mr. Blaaha played delightfully on the
violin and was followed by the spiritual
melodies of an address by Mrs-. Claudia
Stuart Coles of Wa.shington whose sub-
ject was "Harmony Between Religion
and Science."
The next subject, "Demonstration of
Divinity and In-spiration--the Wo1*d,"
was presented by Louis G. Gregory of
\Vashington who took the place of Mr.
Edward B. Kinney of New York. His
logic and fluent utterance proved most
refreshing to the hearts of all.
With graceful humility the chairman,
Mr. Vilindust, spoke briefly upon the
topic "The Bahai Revelation, The Bab,
BAHA 'o and Abdul-B aha. 
Mme. Ragna Linne, whose beautiful
voice is often heard at Bahai Conven-
tions, sang for her solo- "The Lord Is
My Salvation." She also sang the in-
terlude to the "Benediction" by Mrs.
Waite, all present joining in the chorus.
Thus closed the evening.
The heavenly fragrance of this annual
gathering, so dea.r to the Bahais of the
world, will linger always in the hearts
and souls of those present. And who
can say where these circles of unity and
love which were started at this t'ime shall
cease to eddy and -spread"?
Surely the ripples of this peaceful
session will attain to the magnitude of
great waves of harmony and will reach
to the utterniost parts of the earth,
spreading even to the celestial realms.
The First Session of the Convention and the Third
Session of the Congress
By Louis G. GREGORY.
HE first session of the eighth
Mashrak-el-Azkar convention was
opened with a prayer, after which
organization was effected by the elec-
tion of Mr. Alfred E. Lunt as president
and Mr. Harlan F. Ober as secretary.
The usual order of business, such as- the
presentation of credentials, appoint-
ment of committees, etc., was soon com-
pleted and the assembled friends gave
themselves over to thespiritual joy of
hearing reports from various centers.
Those who spoke gave accounts of activ-
ities in connection with the spread of
the teachings and the raising of funds
for the building of the great edifice. A
spirit of heavenly harmony brooded over
the meeting and the words of the speak-
ers were followed with deep interest.
This was the romance of reality.
These reports varied in many ways
but all struck a common note of ringing
sincerity as they told of faith, assurance
and sacrifices in the path of God. Inci-
dents related sometimes stirred the
deepest emotions. Heartfelt interest
was apparent as listeners were moved to
tears or laughter. The radiant hearts
and happy faces were a visible expres-
sion of the outpouring of divine love.
The confirmations of were
manifest. The might of his Covenant
made such a gathering possible. One
friend told how she had prayed for the
resources to attend the convention, if,
in accordance with the will of God,_ there
was a work for her to do. At the
eleventh hour the means had come to
her from a foreign land and her
prayer was thus answered. Another re-
ported the devotion of the friends in a
young assembly and spoke of the great
war which is the Armageddon of the
nations as the smoke arising in this day
to conceal the Ark of the Covenant, and
the glorious new light of our age. But

