STAR OF THE WEST 161
Letter from England
Manchester, England,
December 22, 1916.
To the STAR or THE Wnsr:
Dear friends: I am enclosing a
cheque for two pounds and five shil-
lings which I want you to separate into
two parts. One part, twelve shillings
and six pence to go towards sending
copies of the STAR or THE for
two years to- my sister, and one pound
and seven shillings to go to the Mash-
rak-el-Azkar fund from the Manches-
ter friends. The remainder to go to
the STAR or THE 'Wnsr to help against
its expenses. I know you will do these
two things for me, if at all possible.
I know not where I shall be sent
after New Year's day (January 1st),
for I am a conscript and under military
law, and the war is, perhaps, not nearly
over. But I am a follower of Abdul-
Baha and a true believer in God, and
meet the future with resignation and
peace of heart, for with all my faults
and mistakes, I have come nearer and
nearer the love of God and the radiance
of Ab-dul-Baha. God be praised! I
shall hope to be able to do good wher-
ever I get to.
God bless you all.
Ever sincerely,
Edward Theodore Hall.
The Divine Art of Living--~Chapter One
(Continued from page 155)
God created in us a divine holy spirit,
--the human spirit with its intel-
lectual powers which are above the
powers of nature. By this he enjoys the
ecstasies of the spirit and sees the World
illumined. The tree and the stone have
not this power; they have no mind or
soul; therefore they are excused. Vile
are not excused. This power gives man
efiectual control over nature. He is en-
abled to discover reality and bring in-
visible 'things into the courts of the
visible. A Thus he is enabled to render ef-
fective the will of God and give it 1nateri-
al station. This is what is meant by his
holiness Baha'o'llah when he said,
"Verily we have created thee rich, why
have ye made yourselves poor?" And
Jesus Christ, when he said, "The Father
is in me and I in you. It was this power
which through Baha'0'1lah said, "Noble
have I created you, why do ye degrade
This power distinguishes
you above all other creatures, why do
you devote it only to your material c011-
ditions? This is that which should be
us-ed for the acquisition and manifesta-
tion of the bounties of God, that ye may
establish the kingdom of God among men
and attain to happiness in both worlds,
the visible and the invisible.
(Address given by Abdul-Baha, at Green
Acre, August 20, 1912.) 
Asked, "How could a man who does
not know God feel it a punishment to
be without that knowledge Abdul-
Baha answered:
"No man can be happy without God,
though he may not know why he is mis-
erable."
(Extract from Notes of Aline Shane
Devin, October, 1900.)
The soul of man must be happy, no
matter where he is. One must attain
to that condition of inward beatitude
a.nd peace, then outward circumstances
will not alter his spiritual calmness and
joyousness. No one can imagine a worse
place than the barracks of Acca.* The
*The prison in Palestine to which
Baha'o'llah and his family and some
other Bahais were sent in 1868.

