38 STAR OF THE WEST
body was extremely weakened from the intense sufferings and his beautiful
person became as Weak as a web from this continual hardship. His main pur--
pose in bearing this heavy burden and all these troubles, which gave forth their
Waves like an ocean, accepting the chains and fetters and Sl10Wing' forth the
greatest forbearance, Was for the sake of harmony, concord and union among
all the people of the World and for the establishment of the signs of the real
unity among all nations, until the essential Unity (of God) might (at last) "ap-
pear in the existing realities, an-d the light of the saying; "Thou seest no
difierence among the creatures of God" might shine forth upon the Whole World.
friends of God! Now is the time of movement and st'riving--then try
and endeavor! As the Blessed my soul be a ransom to the dust
under the feet of his friends constantly in the field of We,
also, must endeavor to pour out our lives, and to hear, with lour spiritual ears,
the divine advices and exhortations, leaving our limited beings, a.nd forsaking
the vain ideas of differences of the physical World, in order to serve this eminent
purpose and this principal design, Which has been planted by the hand of divine
favor; and not veil, with the dark clouds of self-interest and superstition, the
light emanating from the Kingdom of Abha, nor beco-me as barring dikes to the
Waves of the supreme ocean, nor to prevent the diffusion of the fragrances of
the garden of the glorious beauty, nor stop the inundation of the rains of the
divine grace in this day, nor to hinder the rays of the Sun of Reality.
This is What God has commanded in his scriptures, books and holy tablets,
declaring his commandments to his sincere servants.
Upon ye be the mercy and the blessings of God!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAI-IA ABBAS.
The Truly Blessed
Words of Abdul-Baha from Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab to Miss Harriet Magec
May, 1913
Blessed is he Who is charitable, for he shall inherit eternal life.
Blessed is he Who overlooks the faults of others, for he shall enjoy divine
beatitude.
Blessed is he Who associates With all with joy and fragrance, for he has
obeyed the commands of 
Blessed is he Who loves mankind, for he has heeded the advice of 
LLAH.
Blessed is he who is kind to his enemies, for he has Walked in the footsteps
of Christ.
Blessed is he Who proclaims the doctrine of spiritual brotherhood, for he
shall be the child of light.
Blessed is he whose heart is tender and compassionate, for he will throw
stones at no one.
Bless-ed is he who will speak evil of no one, for he hath attained to the good
pleasure of the Lord.
Blessed is he who will not uncover the sins of others, for he will become
favored at the threshold of the Almighty.

