STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post office at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add sufficient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
than Star of the West! HE IS coo!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
fi rm 11 ess 
(Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA A13 ms.
Vol. VII Azamat 1, 72 (May 17, 1916) No. 4-
News from Abdul- Baha
Contents of a postal card received
by Mr. Joseph H. Hannen, from Mirza
Ahmad S0-hrab-,' dated Haifa, Feb. 26,
1916:
hope you a.nd all the members of
your family are well and in good health.
A number of days ago I wrote you a
post card from Acca with the translation
of Abdul-Baha's tablet. On our return
to Haifa, he has so far dictated tablets
to the following: Mrs. Ella Cooper,
Mrs. Magee, Mrs. Dodge and three
sons, Mrs. Parsons, Miss M. Barnitz, Mrs.
L. Kirchner and her associates of the
Inquirers' Library. The originals of
these tablets are kept here, and their
translations are not signed for obvious
reasons. Including Mirza Ali Kuli
Khan's and Mrs. Parsons' messages in
my recent letters to them, as well as
Mrs. Goodall, Mr. and Mrs. Ralston,
Mr. and Mrs. Latimcr and son, I have
mailed so far eleven tablets and two
long messages. Two days ago six more
tablets were -dl.ict'ated, to the following
friends: Mrs. F. Krug, of N. Y. Miss
Nellie Raney, of Spokane; Miss Mar-
garet Green, of Juneau, Alaska; Mr. and
Mrs. Frankland, Tropico; Miss Edna
McKinney, of Boston, and H. H. Top-
akyan, of New York. These last six will
be forwarded in the course of this week,
thus bringing the number o-f tablets up
to seventeen. Is not this splendid that
at last you have direct word from the
source of light"? Now that the door is
open, I hope it may not be closed in the
future. Except the number of the STAR
or THE WEST that you mailed with your
last letter, I have received no other. One
day Abdul-Baha asked me whether the
STAR on THE was continuing its
good work, or had stopped its publica~
tion. He was glad to know that its rays
were not dimmed and the sphere of its
activity was expanding. He hopes that
in the course of future years it may be-
come of great influence in the shaping of
public opinion, its services to the world
of humanity become manifold, its light
penetrating, it's pages. mirroring forth
the ideals of the kingdom, and its articles
portraying the majestic progress of the
Cause of God."

