72 sran or THE 
ter days when a great general uprising
and commotion took place in Teheran
and other cities of Iran (Persia), it was
clearly evidenced that not a single
Bahai interfered in these affairs nor
troubled the populace, and for this rea-
son they were blamed and criticised by
others, for they had obeyed the Blessed
Beauty (Baha'o'llah) and interfered
not at all in political matters nor dis-
turbed any sect. They were occupied
with their own affairs, trades and pro-
fessions.
All the friends of God testify that
Abdul-Baha is entirely true to, and ex-
hibits good-will toward the governments
and nations of the world, especially, the
two sublime governments of the East
(Persia and Turkey), for these two
countries were respectively the native
land and habitation of his holiness,
Baha'o'llah. In all the epistles and
writings he has commended and praised
these two kingdoms, .and has asked
aid for them from the threshold of one-
ness. The Beauty of Abha--may my
soul be a sacrifice for His beloved 1-
prayed in behalf of their ma.jesties, the
two sovereigns (the shah and the sul-
tan). Praise be to God! Notwithstand-
ing these decisive arguments, each day
an event occurs and difficulties appear.
But we and the beloved of God must
not grow lax in the least in our honesty
and good-Will, nay rather in the utmost
devotion and trustworthiness remain
steadfast in our sincerity and engage in
philanthropic prayers.
0 beloved of God! These days are
the time for firmness and the period for
steadfastness and constancy in the Cause
of God. You must not look upon the
personality of Abdul-Baha, for he will
eventually bid ye farewell. Nay, ye
must observe the Word of God. If the
Word of God is in the ascendant, be
happy, joyous and thankful, even if
Abdul-Baha be under a sword or be-
neath fetters and chains; for importance
is in the holy temple of the Cause of
God, and not in the physical mould of
Abdul-Baha.
The beloved of God must be con-
firmed with such a firmness that if every
moment .a hundred like Abdul-Baha be-
come the target of arrows, no change
should occur in their decision or inten-
tion, no tr-ansformation in their zeal or
attraction to God, and no abatement in
their occupation in the service of the
Cause of God.
Abdul-Baha is the servant of the
Word of the Blessed Beauty and the
manifestation of absolute servitude in
the threshold of the Lord. He has no
other station, grade, class or power. This
is my utmost hope, my abiding paradise,
my Masjid-El-Aska* (Most Holy Sanc-
tuary) and, my Sadrat-El-Montahat
(Divine Guidance).
The great Manifestation was fulfilled
and consummated in the Blessed Beauty
of Abha and his holiness
the Supreme (the great Bab) was the
herald of the Blessed Beauty--may my
spirit be a sacrifice to them! Thus was
it ended and for a thousand years all
shall receive illumination from his
lights and obtain (favor) from the sea
of his favors.
ye beloved of God! This is my wish
for ye and counsel to ye. Blessed is he
who is aided by G-od to comply with
What is written on this leaf.
Upon ye be Baha'o'llah-El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
*Masjid-E1-Aksa, originally a Christian Church and afterwards turned into a Moham-
medan Mosque by the Caliph Omar, attained great importance in the devotional estimation
of the Mohammedans.
tSadrat-E1-Montaha (the furthermost Tree) referred to a tree planted by the Arabs in
ancient times at -the end of a. road, -to serve as a guide. It usually refers to the Manifesta-
tions of God on -earth.

