110 STAR or
center which regulates the life of the
entire city. In a like manner there are
co-ordinate units of centralization for the
social, civic and political welfare of the
community. In fact, everything in the
material world demands a centralizing
of forces for the Well-being and progress
of humanity.
Now, the material world is a counter-
part or reflection of the spiritual world
and as there is a center of attraction for
everything in the terrestrial 
b-e-ing an universal law of nature--like-
wise, there must be a center of attach-
ment in the spiritual world. In every
age the absence o-f this center in the
spiritual world has been the cause of the
decline and departure of the spirit fro-m
religion. Differences and misunder-
standings have crept in and falsehood has
supplanted truth, creating new sects and
thus destroying the very foundations of
religion. Strife and contention makes
division, and separation is the cause of
death, for every creation is an organized
unit, the members of which are held
together by the center of attraction.
Because in former times there was no
distinct center of the Covenant of God,
after each renewal, decay set in and the
Word of God became contaminated by
man-made creeds and dogmas which in
turn caused disagreement, opposition and
bitter struggle throughout the centuries,
down to the present time; and now this
strife in the spiritual world, as well as
in the physical World is at its height for
the very reason that this Center is un-
known.
In former ages no distinct personage
had been appointed t.o be the Center
which was to differentiate be-tween truth
and falsehood and thus eradicate. all
difierences arising in the mind of man.
Many have thought that Peter was made
the expounder of the Book, when Christ
said, "Thou art Peter, and upon this
rock will I build my church"; but this
was only an indication and confirmation
of Peter's faith, for the word "rock"
was used as a symbol of faith, and the
Christian church was established through
THE WEST
the faith -of the people in Christ. Yet
there were dissentio-ns in the time of
Christ because there was no Center, and
men began to interpret and explain his
teachings in the way that most benefited
themselves. The separation between Ro-
man and Greek church was due to a
small question o-f interpretation--
Whether a word meant "by" or
"through." Today the signs of man
are far more evidence in the church, than
the signs of Christ.
Therefore, in order to have accord and
harmony in the spiritual World, and the
establishment of God 's Kingdom of love
and peace on earth, and the uniting of
all peoples under the tent of oneness, a
Center is necessary, and Abdrul-Baku, has
been appointed that Center. He is the
Explainer of the Word and the Ex-
pounder of the Book of God .revealed to
the World in this day through. Baha'o'-
llah. In the Kite-b-el-Ahd (Book of the
Covenant) the Tablet of the Branch,
and in numerous writings, Baha?o'llah
clearly appoints Abdul-Baha, the Great-
est Branch, as the one to whom all should
turn for spiritual guidance and knowl-
edge after his departure. He writes in
his Will and Testament: "When the
Ocean of My Presence hath disappeared
and the Book of Origin is achieved to
the end, turn your faces toward Him-
Whom-God-hath-purpo-sed, a 
branch-ed from this Pre-Existent Root.
The aim of this blessed verse hath been
the Greatest Branch." Again he com-
manded: "After My departure turn to
the Branch for what ye do not under-
stand," and in a tablet to Abdul-Baha
addressed Thou 'My Greatest
Branch," he said, "Verily, We have or-
dained Thee the guardian of all the crea-
tures, and a Protection to all those in
the heavens and earths, and a Fortress
to those who believe in God, the One,
the Omniscient! I beg of God to pro-
tect them by Thee; to enrich them by
Thee, to nourish them by Thee; and to
reveal to Thee that which is the Dawn-
ing-point of riches to the people of
Creation, and the Ocean of Generosity to

