88 STAR OF TI-IE WEST
disseminating and inculcating the sen-
tences of death. We are not following
in the path of Christ, nor are we im-
bued with his holy fragrances. It
seems that all the teachings of Christ,
his sufferings and crucifixion have
yielded no result, for the so-called civ-
ilized Christian n.ations of Europe to-
day are no better than their Visigoths,
Vandals, Franks, Anglo Saxons ances-
tors and other barbarian, bloodthirsty
tribes who roved over the then unin-
habited parts of the west. We may
still thank those early savages for hav-
ing not perfected the art of manslaugh-
ter, they could not spread so much de-
struction and ravages. They were un-
able to kill so many of their brothers in
a day or in a month. They had no
rifles, no rapid-firing guns, no cannons,
no bombs, no aeroplanes and no dirigi-
bles. Their instruments consisted of
crude spears, javelins, battle-axes and
unwieldy engines of ancient war meth-
ods. With these they could not carry
their cruel propensities into full opera~
tion, and were hampered by lack of
means and the non-existence of the
means of modern communication. Their
spheres of activities were always lim-
ited and their ambitions bounded by
natural and impassable barriers.
My de.ar brother! Praise be to God,
that the health of Abdul-Baha is per-
fectly well and for the present he is
living in Haifa. We are fortunate to
see him and hear him speak three or
four times a day. We preserve his
talks and conversations as they are all
the spiritual food for the people of the
earth. They are the roses of the king-
dom of Abha and the sweet notes of
the bird of paradise. I hope that when
the means of transportation are again
established, I will be able to forward
to the friends those jewels of the mines
of truth gathered in these days. The
light of those gems will illumine many
hearts and strengthen many souls.
They will impart comfort and consola-
tion, bringing to light many dark and
ambiguous problems. Our days in
Haifa are very quiet because there are
no pilgrims nor any letters--thus we
pray at the threshold of the Almighty
to bring to an end these conflicts and
let the sun of goodfellowship shine
forth for the realization of better un-
derstanding amongst all the peoples.
Often do I remember the spiritual days
spent in Minneapolis and the meetings
held in the Jewish synagogue, your
home and other places. Abdul-Baha
now and then speaks of you and nar-
rates for the friends the interesting
events of those few days. He remem-
bers also the Bahais in St. Paul and
the few delightful hours spent there.
Those were days that we do not forget
and the love and kindness of the
friends showered upon us remain vivid
and clear throughout all our lives. He
hopes all the dear ones in those parts
are well and engaged in the service
of the Cause of God. Whenever he
receives such news his heart is filled
with gladness and joy. He knows that
in the future the spiritual responsibility
of propagating the principles of the
oneness of the world of humanity will
be theirs, and he loves to see them car-
rying in their firm hands the luminous
torch of divine principles. To this lofty
station, he calls forth their attention.
Please give my sincere greeting to
all the loved ones.
Ever faithfully your brother,
(Signed) Ahmad.
FEBRUARY 22 1347 an 30 I912
THORNTON CHASE
"This revered personage was the first Bahai in America. He has served the cause
faithfully and his seruwes will ever be remembered throughout future ages and cycles."
4 
BAI-IA.

