STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES 11 YEHR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE 515 South Dearborn Street Chicago, S.A.
2 1
Entered as second-class matter April 9. 1911, at the post otfice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act 
Editorial Sfafl: ALBERT R. WINDUST GERTRUDE BUIKEMA DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
TERMS: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Not?--Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283. Chicago, U. S. A.
To personal checks please acid suflicient to cover the bani: exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! ma Is con!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmn ess 
(Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA Anus.
Vol. VI Azamat 1, 71 (May 17, 1915) No. 4-
vinity of unity and the unity of divin-
ity.
Seek not, accept not, any compro-
mise for that attitude until there is
established at once and forever that
relationship which, by its realization,
shall annul geographical boundaries,
technical barriers, racial prejudices,
tribal theology, and the many things
Which have been and are deterrents of
unity and destructive of human soli-
darity.
This is the Bahai message in the con-
crete, and, in the oneness of unity, in
the divinity of reality, this message
shall make for the healing of the na-
tions.
Director Britton, I know that you rc-
joice With us that We are Permitted on
this occasion, here in this city of the
Golden Gate, to send forth this humble
messenger, the token and the symbol
of that unity which will be effective
when the reality of man is recognized
and accepted as the throne of the di-
vine manifestation. This alone is the
World's resource; its honor and its
continuity depend upon it. Allah-o-
Abha!
THE CHAIRMAN: Friends, Mrs.
Mary Hanford Ford, Whose pen and
voice have ever proved strong advo-
cates of the Cause so dear to our hearts,
will now address us.
MRS. Mr. Chairman, Direc-
tor Britton and friends: I cannot tell
you What happiness it gives me to stand
here in this Wonderful moment, before
all my friends, and try to accentuate a
little the suggestion that has already
been given in the wonderful Words that
have been spoken, as to Why We are
here, Why We should be gathered in
this beautiful spot, which today is the
most beautiful spot in America, and I
am not at all sure but that it is not the
most beautiful spot in the world.
Let me tell you that I came to this
Exposition from long Wanderings on
the other side of the Water, Where I
had stood under the arches of the great
cathedrals, and had studied the master-
pieces and sculpture of the world, and
I had said to myself, "Is there any-
thing left to be done in the realm of
architecture 
I remembered that Abdul-Baha had
said long ago, when he told us about
the divine civilization that is to be
created, "There will be a new art, a
new architecture, fused of all the
beauty of the world of the past, but

