STAR OF THE WEST Z1
even like unto the sun. He flooded the
east with light. He expounded new
teachings to them. He laid a basis for
new institutions which are the very spirit
of modernism, the very light of the world,
the c.ause of the development of the body
politic and of eternal honor. The souls
who hearkened to these teachings
amongst the various Oriental nations im-
mediately let go of that spirit of strife
and sedition, and began to exercise the
utmost of good-will and good-fellowship.
From the extremity of animosity they
were transformed into the acme of love
and amity. They had been warring and
qnarreling, now they began to be loving
and to live together in amity, until today
in the Orient such people--the Bahais--
live in the utmost state of love and good-
fellowship. Among them you will find
no expression of religious prejudice, no
political prejudice, no patriotic preju-
dice; nay rather, they associate together
with utmost fellowship and love, and
their joy is exceedingly great. The war-
fare which takes place in the east is not
at all connected with them. They do not
participate in it. Nay rather, their atti-
tude towards all is one of good-will and
good-fellowship. It is a standard of
peace which is unfurled amongst them.
It is the Light of Guidance which has
flooded all their souls with its radiances.
It is love upon love. It is light upon
light. This is the education of his holi-
ness Baha'o'llah. This is the training he
has given them. He has led these souls
to this standard. He has given them
such teachings as to ensure eternal illu-
mination amongst them. Anyone who
becomes well versed in these teachings
will say: "Verily, I declare that these
teachings constitute the illumination of
humanity, that this is the spirit of mod-
ernism; that this is the honor everlast-
ing that these are heavenly teachings,
and the cause of life never-ending
amongst men."
"It is proved that the existence of phenomena
is eflected through the Eternal Will"
Talk by Abdul--Baha at the home of Mrs. Parsons,
Washington, D. C., November 10, 1912
From stenographic notes by Mr. Joseph H. Hannen
here therefore it shall be our fare-
well visit. Just now upstairs a
lady asked a question which I wish to
answer. As it is a very important ques-
tion and in need of a thorough explana-
tion, and as you are waiting here it was
decided that the answer should be given
downstairs so that the questioner might
b-e satisfied and at the same time we
should enjoy our meeting and visit. The
question was, "What is the Reality of
Divinity, or what do we understand by
God?"
This is an important question indeed.
It is a very subtle subject. Therefore,
listen to it Very carefully. After you
leave here ponder over it in order that
you may understand the result of this
THIS is the last evening we meet
explanation. It is a very subtle question.
When we glance at all phenomena, we
discover that the real identity of any
given phenomenon is unknown. Phe-
nomena or created objects are known
only by their attributes. Man discerns
only manifestations or attributes of ob-
jects, whereas the reality or identity of
them is unknown to him.
For example, this do we
understand by this flower? We under-
stand the qualities apparent and ap-
pertaining to this flower; but the very
elemental reality or identity of the
flower remains unknown to us. As re-
gards its external appearance and attri-
butes, these are knowable; but as re-
gards the inner being, the very identity,
it is unknown. Now so long as 

