STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as -brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and difiereuces of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VI Sharaf 1, 71 (December 31, 1915) No. 16
"The principle of religion is to acknowledge what is revealed
by God, and to obey the laws established in His Book."

The Word of God*
By GEORGE O. LATIMER
HE greatest cause of the- inha.r-
I mony in the W0-rld today is the
lack of religion; or rather the
failure of mankind to understand the
meaning of and the reason for religion.
If this Were not the case, Why are nine
civilized nations of the World at War With
one another; Why a.re seven great re-
ligions bitterly attacking each other; Why
is there unceasing strife between capital
and la.bo-r and Why are the pillars of our
social, political and economic structure
being shaken from their very founda-
tion? Our body politic has ever been
based, as history proves, upon the teach-
ings of the messengers of God, and surely
these divinely inspired men have not
given a false doctrine to the World. What
then is the cause of this present state
of affairs; and are We not to blame for
the existence of such a condition? Let
us look into- the matter With an open
and unbiased mind and ascertain the
real purpose of religion.
To quote from Abdul-Baha: "The
first besto-Wal of God in the World of
humanity is religion, because religion
consists in divine teachings to men, and
most assuredly divine teachings are pref-
erable to- all othe-r so-urces of instruction.
Religion confers upon man the life ever-
lasting. Religion is a service to the
World of morality. Religion guides hu-
manity to the eternal happiness. Re-
ligion is the cause of the everlasting hon-
or in the of man. Religion has
ever helped humanity t-0-Wards progress."
By religion, the fund-cmentals of religion
a.re me-ant, not the blind imitations, dog'-
mas and creeds that have been added
through man 's inve-ntio-n and Which have
-ever been the cause of the destruction
and r'e-tro-gressio-n of nations, nay even
their de-gradation. Again history is our
proof for these facts. These foundations
of the religion of God are one and have
been laid by the divine prophets through
Whom the Word of God has spoken.
It is the purpose of this discourse to
show that this Word of God which has
been the impetus to all advancement in
civilization, is and ever has been funda-
mentally the same. "In the beginning
was the Word, and the Word was with
God, a.nd the Word Was God" but man 's
refusal to- accept and understand this
"Word" has been the cause of his fail-
ure to- comprehend the reality and the
oneness of all religion. Ba-l1a'o'llah has
Written; 'The S-un of Truth is the Word
of Go-d, upon which depends the training
of the people of thought. It is the spirit
of reality and the Water of life. All
things owe their existence to it. Its man-
*N0le--Compiled in Stuttgart, Germany,_du_ring August, 1914-. This manuscript was presented to
Abdul-Baha personally by Mr. Latimer while 1n Akka October of the same year. Abdul-Baha gave
consent to its The Editors.

