STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES J1 YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, 
Entered as second-class 9. 1211, at the post oflice at Chicago. Illinois. under the Act of March 3. 1879,
Edam: Staf: ALBERT R. wmousr - GETITRUDE. BUIKEZMA - DR. zm M. BAGDADI
 Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB 
$1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy.
NoIe-- Until further notice, diltribution in the Orient is through Agenn.
Makc Money Order: Diyable to BAHAI NEWS P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, U. 5. A.
I To personal check! please add uuiheient toicover the bani: exchange.
Address gall communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, U. S. A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-B .
thou Star of the West! ma IS con! AHA
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
llngecome me Star of the East and shalt spread 111 every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
ahais which is organized in_the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_15 small and thy volce weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena Wlil become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, 
(Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA Anus.
Vol. VI Rahmat 1, 71 (June 24, 1915) No. 6
"The holy spirit in America is confirming
the dear friends"
LETTER FROM MR
Portland, Oregon, July 9, 1915.
To the STAB or THE 1*
A little over a year ago Abdul-Baha
uttered the following words:
how I long to see the believers
shouldering the responsibilities of the
Cause! This is the time of the procla-
mation of the Kingdom of Abha! This
is the hour of union and accord! This is
the day of the spiritual harmony of the
friends of God! All the resources of
my physical strength are exhausted and
the spirit of my life is the news of the
unity of the people of B-aha. I am
'-'Extract from letter written by Mr. Lati-
mer: "Dear brother Windust: I have just
received the enclosed message from Abdul-
Baha through our Persian brother Aziz'o'llah
and, in View of the condition existing in cer-
tain centers, am sending it on to you. These
Words ought to make the friends realize that
now is the time to take on the mantle of
unity and harmony which Abdul-Baha has
given us and to cast off the old disintegrating
robe of personal differences. . . .
"Yours in the Covenant,
"G-eorge Latimer."
GEORGE LATIMER.
straining my ears toward the east and
toward the west, toward the north and
toward the south, percliance I might
hear the songs of love and g0od-fellow-
ship raised from the meetings of the
believers. My days are numbered, and
save this there is no joy leftwaiting, I am patiently
Waiting. 
In this present time of extreme crisis,
when Abdul-Baha is cut off from the
rest of the World, he again voices this
longing of his heart. In a letter just
received from Beirut, dated May 9, 1915,
Mirza Aziz'o'llah Bahadu-s of the Ameri-
can University, who spent four days of
his Easter vacation with Abdul-Baha in
Acca, writes that just before his depar-
ture Abdul-Baha said to him: "On
your return, write to the beloved friends
everywhere and give them myqheartiest
love. Tell them that my health is very
good. The climate here suits it, but if
(providing) they (the violators) do not
interrupt me. Tell the friends that

