STAR OF 
ment of the Mashrak-el-Azkar is of para-
mount importance, but hereafter it shall
not b-e so. This is the beginning of or-
ganization; it is like unto the first church
founded in Christianity; it is an expres-
sion of the elevation of the Word of
God."
While in London, on his first Euro-
pean trip, Abdul-Baha told Mr. Charles
Mason Remey that "its building is the
most important 'of all things. This is
the spiritual foundation, for that reason
it is the most important of all founda-
tions; from that spiritual foundation will
come forth all manner of advancement
and progress in the World of humanity.
Therefore, how great is its importance."
To Mrs. Helen S. Goodall and Mrs.
Ella G. Cooper, Abdul-Baha said: 
have it built is most important. Some
material things have spiritual effect, and
the Mashrak-el-Azkar is a material thing
that Will h-ave great effect upon the spir-
its of the people. Not only do-es the
building of the Mashrak-el-Azkar have
an efiect upon those Who build it, but
upon the whole World." "In the Mash-
rak-el-Azkar, services will be held every
morning and the Words of Baha'o'llah
only are to be read."
VVhile in Ramleh, Egypt, Abdul-Baha
assured Mr. Percy Woodcock that "The
most important thing in this day is the
speedy erection of the edifice. Its mys-
tery is great and cannot be unveiled as
yet. In the future it Will be made
plain."
During the sojourn of Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Haney in the prison home of
Abdul-Baha, he said: "When the Mash-
rak-el-Azkar, with its accessories, is es-
tablished in the World, aside from its re-
ligious or spiritual influence, it Will have
a tremendous eifect upon civilization.
Aside' from the religionists, who will feel
its influence, materialists will not be ex-
empt therefrom. Moreover, it contains
divine Wisdoms, spiritual eifects upon the
intellects and thoughts. Subsequent to
its' erection these will become evident. 
HE WEST 53
This important point was made clear
to a pilgrim visiting him, namely, that
"The organization of worshipping places
is not simply for drawing near to God,
but it is to concentrate the Word or
spirit of God and cause the power of
unity and oneness among the people."
Regarding the locating of this edifice
of God, Abdul-Baha Wrote to the friends
of New York City; "Concerning the
erection of the temple; now all the be-
lievers must become united, so that the
temple may be built soon in one place.
For should the believers undertake (the
erection of the temple) in many places,
it will not become completed anywhere;
and, as in Chicago they have preceded
every other place to plan the erec-
tion of the temple, undoubtedly to
co-operate and help them is nobler and a
necessity. Then when it is built in one
place it will become erected in many
other places. God Willing in all the
states of America, in the future, there
Will be erected temples, with infinite
architectural beauty and art, with pleas-
ing proportions and handsome and at-
tractive appearances, especially in New
York."
Also to Dr. Edward Getsinger, Abdul-
Baha wrote: "Regarding the building of
the temple in Chicago, both of you (Dr.
and Mrs. Getsinger) display the utmost
effort in encouraging and inspiring the
believers and the maid-servants of God,
so that they may assist in the matter with
generosity, and thus soon this temple
will be_- erected. This matter is of great
importance. 'Utmost importance in
Abdul-Baha's own handwriting.)
When M. Eshte 'al-Ebn Kalanter Wrote
regarding a Mashrak-el-Azkar on Monsal-
vat (Green Acre, Maine,) Abdul-Baha
replied: "Concerning the building of a
Mashrak-el-Azkar on Monsalvat: It is
certain that before long this shall be
built; and this is an ordained (or fixed)
matter; but in Chicago it is two or three
years since a number of people are mak-
ing eflorts. Now While the building of
(Continued on page fifty-five)

