STAR OF THE WEST
"Vie desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations: that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of afiection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened:
that diversity of rehgion shall cease and difl' ulled. all - - 
erences race ann so it sh be, these fruitless strifes
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'M0st Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VI Nur 1, 71 (June 5,1915) NO. 5
The Feast of Rizwan
At the home of Mrs. Helen S. Goodall, Oakland, California
April 21, 1915, 2 p. m.
Bahai Congress at San Francisco,
was the Feast of Rizwan,
given in the beautiful Oakland resi-
dence of Mrs. Goodall. The feast was a
noon luncheon which proved a veritable
banquet. Mrs. Goodall's home is de-
light-fully planned for such an enter-
tainment. From a spacious entrance
hall ascends a graceful branching stair-
way to the floor above, that is like an
open court, from which one can look
down upon the floor below.
The first floor is so connected by great
sliding doors, that it seems one Vast
salon, and here the tables were laid for
the banquet. These tables were beauti-
fully decorated With flowers, in fact,
flowers Were everywhere in the house.
It was evident that the guests had ar-
rived in the land of flowers.
'When all were seated Mrs. Goodall
greeted them in a few touching words,
in which she told how Abdul-Baha had
walked through her rooms, and up and
down the broad stairway repeating,
with that wonderful smile of his, "This
is my house, this is my house!" Her
description brought to every mind the
vivid recollection of Abdul-Baha's pres-
ence in America, and seemed to place
him bodily among the guests, so natur-
ally every one was happy. We were sur-
rounded not only by the hospitality of
Mrs. Goodall, but by the enveloping
Welcome of Abdul-Baha himself.
THE most charming event of the
Mr. Roy C. \Vilheln1 then took charge
of the assemblage, as toast master, and
he was very happy in his usual half
facetious and half serious vein, calling
upon various people to express the feel-
ing of the occasion, and the joy of com-
radeship which it aroused.
The first one to speak was Mr. Hall
of Minneapolis, who said only a few
Words, because, as he explained, We
were just at the beginning of the feast,
but his Words were a genial invitation
to feast well and remember also the
happiness of the occasion celebrated,
and the delight of lunching together in
the beautiful home which Abdul-Baha
had made spiritually his own. Mr.
Hall's great and characteristic talk was
made later, when he took part in the
evening devoted to explanation of the
economic teachings of the Bahai move-
ment then his illuminating suggestions
as to how We may transform material
into divine civilization will not be for-
gotten by those who heard them.
Mr. Hall's opening address was in
marked contrast to that of Dr. D'Evc-
which brought the entertainment
to a11 end, for Dr. D'Eve-lyn spoke
after the spirit of comradeship had
warmed the assembled guests, and he
gave a significant and eloquent de-
scription of the moment when Abdul-
Baha reached San Francisco, and the
long suspense of the committee who
awaited his belated arrival. Not all

