12 STAR or
became honorable and well thought of,
whereas previous to that they were
lowly and disrespected, Whereas before
that they were ignorant, later they be-
came wise--reaching at last to that
plane of competency when the Solom-
onic sovereignty was established by
them. Their name was widespread
throughout the- world, and they became
famous for distinct virtues. Even the
philosophers of Greece Went to Pales-
tine to learn from them lessons of wis-
dom. All of these facts prove that his
holiness Moses was a prophet, was a
teacher.
As to his holiness Christ, he was a
single, unique and lowly individual,
who appeared at a time when the Chil-
dren of Israel were in the lowest state
of bondage, subject to the tyranny of
the Roman Empire and to the severe
yoke of ignorance, utterly negligent of
God. The historical information of the
holy Book b-ears this statement out.
Refer thereto and find it as it is. His
holiness Christ~--this- single and unique
individual--appeared from amongst
this lowly and degraded people with
power Divine and the potency of the
Holy Spirit, and unified the various
peoples and nations of the World. He
gathered them together, he caused them
to agree and brought them together be-
neath the overshadowing efficacy of one
Word. His mention was not confined
to the Children of Israel only, for that
was a limited people then. But his
holiness Christ united the numerous
nations who were then hostile and in-
imical, such as-: The Roman people, the
Greek people, the Egyptian people, the
Chaldeans, the Syrians and the As-
syrian people. He rescued them from
their former state of continuous war-
fare. He made them a united people,
and the utmost of love Was created by
his Word amongst them. At last these
people advanced extraordinarily along
the degrees of human perfection and
edification, and thereby achieved the
glory never-ending. The Jews had un-
dergone a great dispersion. This single
THE ST
and unique individual overcame all the
world then, founding a sovereignty
everlasting, a nation mighty indeed.
The results of such an education proved
him to be a great man of the world, the
first educator of his ti.me, the first
teacher of his period. What proof
could there be greater than these'?
What evidence could there be greater
than that a single individual should
have resuscitated so many peoples and
nations, should have unified so many
tribes and sects, should have removed
so much warfare and sedition? Un-
doubtedly such a work is Wrought
through the Power of God, because the
power of a human being fails in the ac-
complishment of such facts.
When his holiness Christ appeared,
the Jews then living pronounced him
to be the enemy of Moses. Pharisaical
rabbis of the time declared him to be
the very destroyer of the law of Moses.
the very destroyer of the institutes of
the Torah; he would bring a great mis-
fortune to the people of Israel, for he
was considered to be the breaker of
the Sabbath and destroyer of the Tem-
ple of Solomon. Hence they turned
away from him. We must investigate
this. We must see whether this was
reality or a libel. When we in-
vestigate the facts we find that his
holiness Christ caused the name of
Moses to he Widespread, the fame of
Moses to be spread broadcast and the
book of Moses, the Bible, through him
was published everywhere. In 1500
y-ears the Jews had been unable to have
more than one translation of the Old
Testament or Torah, which translation
was from the Hebrew into the Greek
language. But his holiness Christ was
is to say, his teach-
ings were instrumental--in having the
Old Testament, the Torah, translated
into 600 tongues, and in these various
languages they were spread in every
part of the world. All the kings of
Israel, with all the prophets of Israel,
were unable to further the movement
of Judaism and the name of Moses even

