STAR OF THE WEST 141
In all the world of creation all the ex-
istent beings are in the utmost connec-
tion. Through this connection, mutual
helpfulness and' co-operation is realized.
This mutual helpfulness and co-operation
is the origin of the conservation of the
forces of life. If, for one instant, this
mutual helpfulness and co-operation were
cut off from the sources and realities of
things, all the existent beings and things
would be thrown into confusion and
chaos, and be reduced to nothingness and
annihilation.
For instance, from the breath of the
animals a watery element, called hydro-
gen, and carbon is exhaled, and this is
the life principle of the vegetable king-
dom. From the vegetable kingdom and
the trees, a fiery element, called oxygen,
is emitted and this becomes the cause of
the maintenance of the life of the animal
kingdom. In such a manner, mutual
helpfulness and co-operation is realized
continually between all the existent be-
ings.
Likewise, the greatest interrelation
and communication exists between the
sons of men, without which, peace, life
and existence are entirely impossible.
For a soul independent of all the other
souls and without receiving assistance
from other sources cannot live fo-r the
twinkling of an eye; nay, rather, he will
become non-existent and reduced to noth-
ingness; especially among the believers
of God, between whom material and
spiritual communication is developed up
to the highest point of perfection.
It is this real communication, the es-
sential necessity and requirement of
which is mutual helpfulness, co-operation
and confirmation. Without the complete
establishment of this divine principle in
the hearts of the friends of God, noth-
ing can be accomplished, for they are
the hyacinths of one garden, the waves
of one sea, the stars of one heaven and
the rays of one sun. From every stand-
point, the essential unity, the luminous
unity, the religious unity and the ma-
terial unity are founded and organized
between them.
In these times, the utmost hope and
wish of the friends of the west is the
erection of the Mashrak-el-Azkar, and in
those regions the materials for construc-
tion and building are expensive and
costly. A large sum of money is needed
for the building of a residence; then how
much more is needed for the foundation
of the Mashrak-el-Azkar, which must be
erected with the utmost splendor, beauty
and magnificence!
Therefore, the friends of God must
arise in every part of the world to raise
contributions, and with their hearts and
souls strive to gather these funds to be
sent to the occident, that it may become
known and evident throughout the uni-
verse that the Bahais of the east and
west are as members of one household
and the children of the one Lord! The
Turks and the Persians, the Parsee and
the American, the Hindu and the Afri-
can, all of them are one army and one
cohort and, without any distinction, they
arise for the assistance and aid of each
other.
This praiseworthy movement is beloved
and accepted in the threshold of the
forgiving Lord. Truly, I say, in the
erection of the Mashrak-el-Azkar in Ish-
kabad, the friends of God have laid the
foundation of the oneness of the kingdom
of humanity and they worked nobly to-
gether until now, and it is nearly com-
pleted. Praise be to God! that, at this
moment, from every country in the
world, according to their various means,
contributions are continually being sent
toward the fund of the Mashrak-el-Azkar
in America.
Convey the gratitude of Abdul-Baha
to all the friends of God in this service.
In reality, this magnanimity of the
believers is worthy of great praise and
thankfulness, for, from Teheran, Khoros-
san, Shiraz, ahram, Esphahan, even
from the towns and villages of the Kho-
rassan, Shiraz and Yazd, contributions
were sent. This donation in the path of

