STAR or THE WEST 63
In short, the existence of life depends
upon the composition and decomposition
of phenomena. When the particles of a
given composition are disintegrated this
may be called non-existence, but the
original simple atoms will go back to
their primary elements and are ever ex-
istent.
For instance, the body of man being
the resultant factor of the composition
of these atoms, when this body becomes
the subject of decomposition We call that
death, but those atoms of which the
body of man was composed, being sim-
ple .and primordial, are indestructible.
Consequently it is proved that the ex-
istence of depends upon
composition and their mortality upon
decomposition.
This is a scientific principle; science
approves of it, because it is not a mat-
ter of belief. There is a great difference
between theories upheld by belief, and
facts which are substantiated by science.
Beliefs are the susceptibilities of con-
science, but scientific facts are the de-
ductions of reason and inexorable logic.
Therefore it is logically proven that
the existence of phenomena depends up-
on composition, and their destruction
upon disintegration.
Now going back to our subject and the
facts upheld by materialists. They state
that inasmuch as it is proven and up-
held by science that the life of phenom-
ena depends upon composition and their
destruction upon disintegration, then
where comes in the need or necessity of
a self-subsist-ent. Lord'?
For We see with our own eyes that
these infinite beings go through myriads
of compositions and in every composi-
tion appearing under a certain form
showing certain characteristic virtues,
then we are independent of any divine
maker.
This is the argument of the material-
ists. On the other hand those who are
informed of divine philosophy answer
in the following terms:
Composition is of three kinds.
1. Accidental composition
2. Involuntary composition.
3. Voluntary composition.
There is no fourth kind of composi-
tion. Gomposition is restricted to these
three categories.
If We say that composition is acci-
dental, this is philosophically a false
theory, because then We have to believe
in an effect Without a cause, and philo-
sophically no cite-ct is conceivable with-
out a cause. Vife cannot think of an
effect Without some primal cause, and
com-position being an effect, there must
naturally be a cause behind it.
As to the second composition, i. the
involuntary composition. Involuntary
composition means that each element has
Within it as an inherent function this
power of composition. For enample, cer-
tain elements have flowed towards each
other, and as an inherent necessity of
their being they are composed. That is,
it is the imminent need of these elements
to enter into composition.
For example, the inherent quality of
fire is burning or heat. Heat is an orig-
inal property of fire.
Humidity is the inherent nature of
Water. You cannot conceive of H20,
which is the chemical form of Water,
Without having humidity connected, for
that is its inherent quality, inseparable
and indivisible.
New as long as it is the inherent ne-
cessity of these elements to be composed,
there should not be any decomposition.
While We observe that after each com-
posite organism, there is a process of de-
composition We learn that the composi-
tion of the organisms of life is neither
accidental nor involuntary. Then what
have we as a form of composition'! It
is the third, that is the voluntary com-
position. And that means that the in-
finite forms of organisms are composed
through a superior will, the eternal
Will, the Will of the living and self-
subsistent Lord.

