122 swan or
ifestation is ever according to the ca-
pacity and coloring of the mirror through
which it may reflect. Flor example: Its
light when cast on the mirror of the Wise,
gives expression to Wisdom; when re-
fiected from the minds of artists it pro-
duces manifestations o-f new and beauti-
ful arts; when it shines through the
minds of students it reveals knowledge
and unfolds mysteries. All things of the
world arise through man and are mani-
fest in him, through who-m they find
life and development; and man is de-
pendent fo-r his (spiritual) existence up-
on'the sun of the word 0-f God. All the
good: names and lofty qualities are of the
word. The word is the fire o-f God, which
glowing in the hearts of people, burns
away all things that are not of God. The
minds of the lo-vers are ever afiame with
this fire." And from the pen of Abdul-
Baha: "The wo-rd of God is the store-
house of all good, all power, all wisdom.
The illiterate fishers and savage Arabs
were thereby enabled to solve such prob-
lems as were puzzles to eminent sages all
through the ages. It awiakens within us
that brilliant intuition which makes us
indepen>>d*ent of all tuition and endows us
with an all-embracing power of spiritual
understanding. Many a soul, in the ark
of philosophy, after fruitless struggles,
was drowned in the sea of conflicting
theories of cause and effect, while those
on board the craft of simplicity reached
the shore of the universal cause by the
help of favorable vvinds- blowing from
the point of divine knowledge. 
man is associated with that transcendent
power eminating from the word of God,
the tree of his existence becomes so well
rooted in the soil of assurance that it
laughs at the violent hurricanes of skep-
ticism which attempt its eradication. For
this association of the part with the
whole endows him with the whole, and
this unio-n 0-f the particular with the uni-
versal makes him all-in-all."
In order to- understand the light of this
sun of truth one must free his mind from
the superstitions of the past, and investi-
gate the reality of the "word" with a
THE WEST
f-air unbiased mind. Reality is not mul-
tiple and by religion is meant the one
law or word of God, ever from the same
source, which has been the cause of the
establishment of all divine institutions in
the world. According to Abdul-Baha
this "word" of Go-d has a twofold func-
ti-on and may be separated into two di-
visions. One deals with clay and water
while the other deals with the heart and
soul. The one has to do with the world
of ethical sublimity of hu-
man nature; the other is concerned with
the transactio-ns of society and has to do
with the material well-being of man.
The first aids him in his advancement
toward the kingdom of God. It is true
idealism. It has ever been the means of
quickening man from a material being
into>> a spiritual one. It is the cause of
the "new birth" of which his holiness
Christ spoke-. This division has always
been one and the same in all religions.
It is the fundamental basis of all a.nd is
no-t subject to change or alteration. It
ha.s been renewed in each prophetic dis-
pensation or cycle; and, in short, can be
summed up>> by the "golden rule" which
Christ gave (Matt. 7 :12) "All things
therefore whatsoever ye would that men
should do unto you, even so do ye unto
them, for this is the law and the proph-
ets' Mohammed proclaimed 
"Let none o-f you treat his brother in a
way he himself would dislike to be treat-
which again appears in the
teachings of son of
man! Wert thou to observe mercy, tho-u
wouldst not regard thine own interest
b-ut the interest of mankind. Wert thou
to observe justice, choose thou for others
what thou choosest for thyself." This
is the spiritual, the essential, the eternal
side of religion.
The second assists man in his relation-
ship toward society. It aims at the high-
est state of material civilization and
progress. It has advanced man from the
depths of ignorance to- a high stage of
enlightenment. This division, however,
has been subject to change and transfor-
mation according to the exigencies of time

