STAR OF THE WEST 163
continual seeking after that which he
had not attained.
My father first heard of the glorious
Cause when We were living in Chicago
right after the "World's Fair. Just be-
fore the loss of my sister Anna in the
Winter of 1895 my father had been told
something of the Cause by Dr. Sarah J.
Burgess in Chicago, but not very much.
He knew just enough about t'l1e great
Bahai Revelation then to be interested
in it, and to have renewed hope that at
last he had found the truth! In fact,
if he had not felt keenly about it he
might never have outlived the terrible
shock to him of Anna's death, for my
mother said the only thing that seemed
to keep him up at that time was what
Dr, Burgess had told him of the Cause.
Dr. Burgess had received the Message
from a "Doctor" Ibrahim G. Kheiralla,
Whom my father and mother met upon
their return to Chicago from Boston
after the death of Anna. My father was

--at 

The Dodge plot in Lake Side cemetery. Wakefield,
Mass, showing the grave of Arthur Pillsbury Dodge,
and monument beanng the Greatest Name inscription.
obliged to go to New York before he had
investigated very far in the "Teach-
ings," as they were it was
more than a year before he returned to
Chicago. Then he had only a few days
and prevailed upon the teacher to give
him the glad tidings all in one day. At
that time, it was the method to give the
Message of the Coming of the Kingdom
in some twenty or more lessons, once or
twice a week, before reaching the "pith"
--that is, telling of the appearance of the
Bab, Baha'o'llah and the Center of the
Covenant, Abdul-Baha. This was in the
early fall of 1897.
Leaving my brother 'William and me
in Chicago to finish out the last year in
our respective schools, he and my moth-
er, With my brother Paul, moved to New
York whither my fat-her was to spend
the balance of his life. William and I
then took the "Teachings," in a large
class that met once or twice a Week, in
West Monroe street.
That same Winter, in January, 1898,
my father sent for "Doctor" and Mrs.
Kheiralla to come to New York, to No.
55 "Test 95th Street, where he and moth-
er and Paul were boarding, to inaugu-
rate the Cause in New York. So, as a
matter of historic record, it is here set
down that the great and Wonderful,
beautiful Bahai Revelation was first in-
troduced into New York, and the first,
original Baha.i Assembly established
there by my father i11 January, 1898.
In the first class at the 'West Ninety-
fifth street. address was Mrs. Fiske, the
Wife of Col. Archie Fiske, who was in-
vited to the class by Mrs. Talbot, who
had taken the "Teachings" in Chicago.
My father had asked Mrs. Talbot, who
was interested in New Thought, to bring
some of the New Thought people to the
class.
Among the first believers in New York
were the Kappes family-Lily and
Charles, their mother, brothers and sis-
ters Arthur James, Wife and daughters;
Charles Jones and James D. Brittingham.
(Continued on page 165)

