STAR OF TI-IE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as lecond-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post oflice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3,1879.
_7 11
EditorialStafl: ALBERT R. ZIA M. BAGDADI
WI-ionorary Member; MIRZA AHMAD Sonnsn
Terms: 1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Nine Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS P, O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill,, U, S. A.
To personal checlrs please adcl luflicnent to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI News SERVICE, P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, 
TABLET FRTTIVI ABTDUL-BATHAcop! 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet stand unshakahle, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide-and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmne-W, 
'firmn_e.rs_I (Signed) Anus.
Vol. VI Jamal 1, 71 (April 28, 1915) N0. 3
phenomena are unknown as regards their
identity, and are known only through
their properties or qualities, how much
more is this true concerning the reality
of divinity, that holy reality which can-
not be comprehended by any human
grasp? That which comes within human
grasp is finite, and we are infinite in
relation thereto because We can grasp it.
Assuredly the finite is lesser than the in-
finite; the infinite is ever greater. That
reality of divinity to be contained with-
in human grasp would be after all pos-
sessed of an intellectual existence only; a.
mere intellectual concept with no extra.-
neous cxistence; an image or a likeness
which had come Within the grasp of hu-
man mind or intellect. The mind of man
would be transcendental thereto. 
could it be then that an image which
has only intellectual existence is the
reality of divinity which is infinite'?
Therefore the reality of divinity in its
identity is beyond the range of human
intellection, because the human mind, the
human intellect, the human thought are
limited, whereas the reality of divinity
is unlimited. How can the limited
grasp the unlimited and transcend it"?
Impossible! The unlimited always com-
prehends the limited. The limited can
never comprehend, surround o-r take in
the unlimited, 'Therefore every concept
of divinity which has come within the
of a human being is finite or
limited, and is a pure product of imagi-
nation, whereas the reality of divinity
is holy and sacred above and beyond all
such concept.
But the question may be asked "How
shall We know God?" We know Him by
His attributes. We know Him by His
signs. We know Him by his names. We
know not what the reality of the sun
is. But we know the sun by the ray,
by the heat, by its efficacy, by its pene-
tration. By the bounty and effulgence
of the sun we recognize the sun, but as
to What constitutes the reality of the solar
energy, that is unknowablc to us. But
the attributes characterizing the sun are
knowable. If we wish to come in touch
with the reality of divinity, we do so
by recognizing its phenomena, its attri-
butes and traces which are widespread
in the universe. All things in the world
of phenomena are expressive of that one
reality, Its lights are shining, its heat
is manifest, its power is expressive and
its education or training resplendent
everywhere. What pro-of could there be
greater than that of its functioning, or
its attrib-utes which are manifest? This
plant or this flower; we ask, do-es it exist
or not? Gan this pla.nt--this flower--~
comprehend the reality of man? Can it

