STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes
these ruinous wars shall pass away. and the 'M0st Great Peace' shall 
V01. VI Kalamat 1, 71 (July 13, 1915) No. 7
Bahai in Persia
Extracts from letters from Dr. Susan I. Moody and Dr. Arastoo, Teheran, Persia.
GA SHEIKH ALY AKBAR
A GOOCHANI, a noted Bahai
teacher, was murdered in Meshed
last April. The assassin shot him in
the back and the body lay where it fell
in the bazaars for some days. The ani-
mosity against the Bahais had reached
the point where none dared to move it
for fear of at general slaughter. A photo-
graph of fifty Bahais was posted in the
bazaars and they were boycotted in all
the shops.
A few days ago news reached Teheran
from Goochan that the wife of the
martyr has died in childbed; the child
also died. No midwife would attend
her, nor would a Mussulman prepare the
bodies for burial. It was forbidden to
bring them to the graveyard, so the
grandmother washed the bodies and had
them buried in their own garden.
The original of the photograph sent
herewith was given me by Sheikh Aly
Akbar while he was sojourning in Te-
heran three years ago.
I-lis is foretold by the be-
loved Abdul-Baha in the tablet of which
I am enclosing both Persian and English
copies. Persistent effort is being made
to bring the murderer to justice.
--Susrm I. Moody.
. . The Wife of Aga Sheikh Ali Akbar,
the martyr, had three or four children,
and she herself was very learned. Con-
sider how much the enemies have added
to their oppression and tyranny toward
the Bahais. All the Bahais are scattered
from Khorassan and are distressed and
Wandering. . . . Also from Zovareh,
which is a city near Esphahan, a great
number of the Bahais have come to
Teheran after all their property had been
taken. . . . .
We have no remedy save to be patient
and pray on behalf of the oppressors.
May God awaken them!
Amlstoo, through l\'lirza
Lotfullah, London, England.
TABLET REVEALED FOR SHEIKH ALY AKBAR
Upon him be Baha'o'llah-el-Abha!
thou firm one in the Covenant!
Thy letter addressed to- his honor
Mirza Hayder Aly was noted and from
its contents regret was experienced be-
cause our intention was to prepare the
means of tranquillity; now it has pro-
duced difiiculties and you are greatly
troubled; but as these troubles are in the
path of God it is in reality a favor and
will have great results.
Since this is so, it is better that With
the utmost eheerfulness and happiness
you bid farewell to the friends (saying) 
I am going on a journey to teach that
perchance I may be confirmed in servi-
tude and perhaps the cup of 

