STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street Chicago Ill.,U. S.A.
2 2
Entered as second-class matter_At>rilW9, 19171.3} oflice at Chicago. Illinois. under the Act of'Marcli 3.1879.
Editorial Slafl: ALBERT R. WINDUST GERTRUDE BUIKEMA DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary MIRZA Alj[MAl_) SOHRAB in i i 
TERMS: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Nm -- Until further notice, distribution in the Orient ll through Agents.
Mil" MOMY old"! payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, 111.. U. S. A.
i To personal ghecks please add sufieient to fcover the bani: exchange. 
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, U.S. A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS cop!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shah
become me Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized 1n_the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ is small and thy voice weak, yet thou stand unshakahle, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea: thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness.
firmness! (Signed) Anus.
votvi Ola 1,7,1 (March p_  
Words of Abdul- Baha
ONGERNING thy question whether all the souls enjoy eternal life; Know
thou those souls partake of the Eternal Life in Whom the Spirit of Life
is breathed from the Presence of God and all beside. them are 
out Life, as Christ hath explained in the texts of the Gospel. Any person who-se
insight is opened by God seeth the souls in their stations after the disintegration
of the bodies. Verily they are living and are subsisting before their Lord and
he seeth also the dead souls submerged in the gulfs of mortality.
Then know thou verily all the souls are created according to the nature of
God and all are in the state of (unconscious) purity at the time of their births.
But afterwards they differ from one another insofar as they acquire excellencies
or defects. Nevertheless, the creatures have different degrees in existence inso-
far as the, creation goes, for capacities are different; but all of them are good and
pure (in their essence), then afterwards they are polluted and defiled. Although
there are different states of creation, yet all of them are beneficial. Glance thou
over the temple of man, its members and its parts Among them there are the
eye, ear, nose, mouth, hands and fingers. Notwithstanding the differences between
these organs, all of them are useful in their proper spheres. But if one of them
is out of order, there is need of a remedy and if the medicine does not heal, then
the amputation of that member becomes necessary. 
COR-RE GT1 ON
Dear brother Windust:--I have just of my writing I know and I should have
been reading No. 18 STAR or THE Wusr.
Now there is one word (page 156) which
I feel ought. to be corrected in the next
issue if possible. It is the word "Bagh-
dad," which should have been "boy-
hood"-so as to read, "they were inti-
mately associated in boyhood." The Bab
sent a typed letter.
Also on the top of the second column,
page 157, the word "visiting" should
have been "residing," and on top of
page 154, second column, "wall" should
have been "Well." But these latter two
errors are not of great importance.
was never in Baghdad. This is the fault Charles Mason Remey.

