STAR OF THE 7
was instrumental in releasing or rescu-
ing the Israelites from a low state of
debasement and humiliation and led
them to a place of glorification and at-
ta_inment+he taught them in this fash-
ion, he educated them in this fashion
--We have to be fair in our judgment
in regard to that marvelous teacher, for
he was a man, single and alone. With-
out a heavenly power, could he have
made such a change and brought about
such a condition? Could he have suf-
fered a people after their humiliation
to be thus exonerated, without a power
holy and divine in character? It was
no other than a power divine in origin.
This is a self-evident proof of prophet-
hood, because the mission of the proph-
ets is no other than the education of
the human race, and this personage edu-
cated people, human beings, and this
proves that he was a mighty prophet
amongst the prophets, and that his book
is no other than the very book of God.
There is no doubt of this at all. This
is a rational, a circumstantial proof.
In brief, his holiness 
whom be peace the law of
God and readjusted the morals of the
people of Israel, and this gave them an
impetus whereby they advanced along
the degrees of human attainments. But
after the time of his holiness Moses,
and after the Solomonic era, during the
time of ereboam, morality suffered a
change. These spiritual perfe-ctions
ceased to exist. Amongst the Israelites
there was a state of corruption. These
Mosaic postulates did not exist. Then
there was a state of warfare amongst
them, there was contention amongst
them. There was strife amongst them.
As a result, their unity passed away.
The sect of Jereboam declared them-
selves to be valid, and the followers of
Rehoboam declared themselves to be.
At last affairs reached such a state that
the Children of Israel suffered disper-
sion and eventually there was a state
of degradation to such an extent that
they worshipped the golden calf. They
went to the city of Tyre, where they ex-
pressed their devotions to the calf.
Thereupon God sent Elijah, the prophet,
and Elijah rescued the people of Israel,
and renewed the law of God. He re-
established a new life for the people of
Israel.
In short, when change and transfor-
mation took place, that oneness and
solidarity was followed by dispersion,
for then we know, historically, that Ne-
buchadnezzar appeared, and as a result
of that appearing--namely, the coming
of Nebuchad11ezzar--the greatest suffer-
ing obtained amongst the Israelites, the
greatest reverses and trials took place
amongst them. Seventy thousand of
the Israelites were taken in-to captivity
by Nebuchadnezzar, to the land of the
Chaldeans. Then the prophets of God
reformed or re-established the laws of
God, and the people again followed that
law. This renewed or re-established
their liberty and, according to the ordi-
nances of the king of Persia, there was
a return to the holy city, Jerusalem,
and the temple of Solomon was built
and the Israelitish glory was reinstated.
But only for a time did these affairs
continue, when again the morality of
the people underwent a change, and con-
ditions reached such a degree that the
Roman government came and con-
quered the Holy Land. At last the era of
Titus the Emperor appeared. This Rom-
an general, Titus, utterly destroyed the
city of Jerusalem and all the villages
and hamlets. Homes were pillaged.
Many people were killed, and children
were taken into captivity. Palestine be-
came a wilderness, a waste, and all the
Jews had to flee from the Holy Land.
The foundation of his holiness Moses
suffered a tremendous change then, be-
cause the foundation of his holiness
Moses comprised the virtues of human-
ity. They spelled morality, love amongst
mankind, the acquisition of arts and
sciences, the spirit of the oneness of
humanity. But because the people lost
sight of this, these reversals resulted.
Now, I want you to closely examine
the following facts, for they are state-

