STAR OF THE 155
told that the ultimate aim was that color
and gilding should be added to this 1n-
terior decoration.
The inner dome is of iron or steel
and concrete, while the outer dome or
roof is entirely of metal-rthe intention
is that this shall be gilded.
The main portico of the temple is two
stories in the clear, while the loggias,
which surround the building, are on two
floors, the lower being on the main floor
level, while the upper one is on the
level of the triforium gallery. This up-
per loggia is reached by two stair-cases,
one to the right and one to the left of
the main entrance, and the gallery is
entered from the loggia.
On the main floor the principal en-
trance is through the large doorway, but
there are also several inner doors, which
connect the ambulatory with the loggia.
An abundance of light is admitted
through the windows in the upper part
of the rotunda, as well as through the
windows of the upper gallery and am-
bulatory, Which open upon the loggias.
The Persian style of architecture has
been used in treating the details and
decorations of the buildings.
At present the stucco work is not
quite completed. The interior of the
rotunda is finished, but the decoration
of the loggias and gallery and ambula-
tory is only done in part. However, the
work is continuing and it will not be
long before all will be complete.
From what I saw and heard in Ish-
kabad, I found that those believers who
superintended the building of the Tem-
ple were competent business men and
that, although they had undertaken a
large enterprise, every possible economy
was made, yet at the same time no ex-
pense seemed to be spared when neces-
sary for the beauty and solidity of the
building.
The layout of the garden is not yet
complete. Nine avenues of approach lead
to the Temple. The main avenue of the
nine, leading to the entrance portico,
will be entered from the street by a
monumental gateway. Last July they
were completing the plans for this prin-
cipal gateway of the grounds.
At the four corners of the garden are
four buildings. One is a school. One
is a house, Where traveling Bahais are
entertained. One is to be used as a
hospital, and the other is for workmen,
storage, etc. Much of the property in
the immediate vicinity of this enclosure
belongs to Bahais, so the Mashra.k-el-
Azkar is the center of the community
materially, as well as spiritually.
That which impressed me more than
all else, as I stood before this Mashrak-
el-Azkar, was the fact that the Bahais
of the east had all worked with one ae-
cord and had given freely toward its
erection.
The Temple in America can be accom-
plished only as we give up self and unite
in this service. The beloved in the east
made their offerings and left them with
all personal desires upon the altar of
sacrifice. Now We in this country must
do likewise. Vile" need something more
than money for the Temple. It must be
built of the material of sacrifice and ce-
mented together by the spirit of unity.
In the building of the Temple, every
one must lay before God his material
offering together with his ideas, desires
and them to the Lord
completely, and then, as we come to-
gether to construct the material build-
ing, we will find that we have ample
means for the work in hand.
Each one of us has sufficient means,
both material and spiritual, for the
work which God has given us to per-
form. We need not trouble thinking
that we may not have enough means,
but we should seek to apply to the best
advantage the means which God has
given us.
Faithfully, your brother in the service
of Abdul-Baha,
Charles as-on Remey.

