104- CTAR OF
and remember that they are only as
the twittering of sparrows, and they will
pass away. If it be not so, the fame of
the Cause will not be widespread and
the summons of God will not be heard.
Consider the times of the past. Regard,
for instance, the days of his holiness
Christ and the days subsequent thereto.
How many were the books compiled
against his holiness! How many were
the calumnies attributed to him! How
m-any were the utterances in the tem-
ples- against his holiness! How many
were the accusations against him, and
what hatred and persecutions! Ho-w
many scoffed at him in derision! How
many were the titles they bestowed upon
him! They even designated him Beelze-
They did not say "Jesus."
They used the term Beelzebub. Beelze-
bub was crucified, they said. Beelzebub
was captured. Upon the head of Beelze-
bub was placed the crown of thorns.
Beelzebub was taken and paraded
through the streets, they said. This is
the name of the Jews for Christ, and
you will find it in the Gospels. It is
recorded there. Likewise many were
the forms of reviling and persecution.
Vfitness in the Gospel, how they went as
far as spitting in his face, cursing him,
anathematizing him, and bowing b-ack-
ward towards him, saying: "Peace be on
thee--thou king of the Jews!" "Peace
be on thee, thou de-stroyer of the tem-
pie!" "Peace be on thee, thou king
and pretending builder of the temple in
three days!" How many were the phil-
osophers of the times, Romans and
Greeks, who wrote against his holiness
Christ! Even the kings wrote against
him. Many were the calumnies indeed.
One of the Caesars who was a philoso-
pher wrote a book. In that book, con-
cerning the people of Christ, he says:
The most degraded of people are the
Christians. The most im-moral of the
people of this time are the Christians.
Jesus of Nazareth has led them astray.
THE WEST
people! If you wish to know who
Jesus is and what Christian means, go
and ask his relatives. Go and ask the
Jews who knew him. See what a bad
person he was how degraded he was."
There were many similar accounts. But
remember that these did not affect the
Cause of Christianity. Nay rather,
Christianity advanced daily in power
and potency.
Day by day the majesty of Christ
grew in splendor and effulgence. There-
fore my purpose is to warn yon against
accusations, against certain complaints,
criticisms, revilings, and upbraidings in
newspaper articles, or other publications.
Be not disturbed by them. They are the
very cause of confirming the Cause; the
very source of upbuilding the move-
ment. I hope that God may confirm it
that ten or twenty ministers of the
churches may arise and with bared
heads cry at the top of their voices, say-
ing to the people that the Bahais are
misguided. I would like to see that
day, and I want you to know that on
that day something is going to happen.
That is the day when the Cause is going
to spread-. Baha'o'llah has pronounced
such as these the couriers of the Cause.
They will proclaim from the pulpit that
these Bahais are fools; that these Bahais
are a bad lot; but be ye steadfast in
the Cause of God. They will spread
the Cause of Baha'o'l1ah.
My purpose is this-. that his honor
Mirza Abul Fazl has written a treatise""
answering the criticisms of a London
preacher. It is published in Chicago;
Mr. Windust has copies of it, and the
copies are for distribution, Each one
of you should have a copy of that book,
and read, memorize and ponder over it.
Then when anybody advances accusa-
tions and criticisms, you will be well
armed.
 to "The Brilliant Proof" by Mirza
Abul Fazl. It was published by Abdul-Balia.
during' his sojourn in America. Mr. Windust
was the printer of the book. It can be had of
the Bahai Publishing Society, P. O. Box 283,
Chicago. Price, 15 cents.

