swan or run 79
ture shows itself for a few years which
in comparison to eternity are far less
than a few seconds and then flies away
foreverever your sincere well-wisher,
(Signed) Ahmad.
Mount Carmel, Haifa, Syria,
August 9, 1915.
Dr. and Mrs. Bagdadi, Chicago.
My dear brother and sister in the Cause
of God!
During the last month I wished so
much to write you a letter and express
to you my spiritual love and devotion
and now I avail myself of the first op-
portunity offered to me. Because you
are the natives of this blessed land, be-
cause your dear families live here, and
you have been brought up in this sacred
atm-osphere, you are never forgotten both
in the holy presence and at the divine
threshold of the Blessed Perfection. Our
love for and devotion to you ever prompt
us to remember you and pray for you,
and we anticipate to receive good news
from you. On one hand Abbas Ikbal
is spending his vacation on Mount
Carmel in company with the Persian
students from the American college, on
the other hand your mother and sis-
ter and your three brothers are perma-
nent dwellers in Haifa. All these dear
ones are well, happy and in good health
and, with the friends of God, remember
you and supplicate for your success and
prosperity.
Abdul-Baha's health is excellent. He
is at the time of this writing living in
the house of Aga Abbas Goli adjoining
the tomb of the Bab-.
It is now more than a month that he
has come up. The weather at the foot
of the mountain is quite Warm during
the summer, while here on its high slope
it is cool and refreshing, the vitalizing
breeze ever blowing from the sacred hills
beyond. . . .
My dear brother! Now that the Be-
loved lives on Mount Carmel we see him
every morning and evening. In the
morning he comes to Mosafer Khaneh*
and while walking to and fro he uplifts
our hearts through his spiritual talks and
conversations. Like unto the white
pearls we gather the words of wisdom
falling from his divine lips, collecting
them for the timely presentation to the
eastern and western friends. In the
afternoon for an hour or so he walks
majestically in front of the Maghamfi
then directing his steps toward the holy
of holies we follow him quietly and offer
our prayer in behalf of all the friends.
It is now nearly one year that we
have no letters from America. We do
not know what our friends are doing and
how are they getting along. Please give
my sincere greeting to each and all and
tell them I have not forgotten them.
Every day I pray for them and hope
they will be confirmed with the breaths
of the holy spirit. The Persian students,
especially Abbas Ikbal and Mirza Badi
send you their he-artiest greeting.
Ever your faithful brother,
(Signed) Ahmad.
- 
*Mosafer Khaneh--Pi1grims' House.
'i"Magham--the tomb of the Bab.
Mount Carmel, Haifa, Syria.
August 15, 1915.
[Louis G. Gregory, WashingtonHis [Abdul-Baha's] de-
sire is that all the believers character-
ize themselves With these [-divine] at-
tributes, adorn their temples with these
garments, ornament their bodies with
these decorations and illumine their
homes with these glistening lamps. Then
and not until then will they be consid-
ered as his sons and daughters. His real
solicitude is for their spiritual welfare
and happiness. Above everything else
he wishes them to be joy-bringers to this
sorrow-laden world. This is considered
to be their greatest mission. They must
cry at the top of their voices:
"Rejoice! Rejoice! thou world of
humanity! The tree of thy hope is
near the time of fruition!

