STAR OF WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as lecond-clan matter April 9, 1911, at the post office at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
ALBERT R. BUIKEMAQDR. zm M. BAGDADIJ
7 7 7 Honorary Member: Mmza AHMAD 
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy if 7
Non --Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders to P, O. Box 283, Chicago, 111,, U. S. A.
To perlonul checln pleue add uuficlent to cover the haul: exchange.
Address all communications to News P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! 1-ta IS con! 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these denend upon firmwu.
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Anna.
Vol, VI, if Sultan 1, 71_ (January p19, ,19lfi) No. 17
I hope that all of them may become
assisted in the service of the M-ashra.k-cl-
Azkar, so that this divine Institution
may be raised in that country, and the
melody of Mashrak-el-Azkar may awaken
the sleepy ones.
[Translated October 31, 1909.1
The Mashrak-el-Azkar of Chicago is of
the greatest importance. This is a Bahai
Temple, a supreme House of Worship,
a place of spiritual gathering and of the
manifestation of divine mysteries. The
friends of God must endeavor, with all
their hearts and souls, that this structure
may be raised and completed.
[Translated 1909.]
ye beloved of Abdul-Bahal The
beloved of God and the maid-servants of
the Merciful intend to found a Mashrak-
cl-Azkar in Chicago. They have sent to
us numerous plans, that one may be ac-
cepted and the edifice be built accord-
ingly. Now the funds must be accumu-
lated, the land entirely paid for and the
necessary preparations for building and
then the accessory matters considered.
Therefore, make ye an effort and show
ye zeal that the price of the land be
fully discharged and the meansfo-r the
edifice procured.
The beloved in the east are striving
with heart and soul to contribute to the
best of their ability, although the inter-
nal conditions of Persia have, during the
last few years, been exceedingly dis-
turbed. This revolution affected all con-
ditions and walks of life. There has been
no agriculture, no trade and no com-
merce; nay, rather in all the provinces
there have been political disputes and
quarrels between the two parties, name-
ly, the nationalists and the constitution-
alists. Thus they have been Wholly oc-
cupied with their own aifairs. Notwith-
standing this, they have striven to con-
tribute to the Mashrak-cl-Azkar in Chi-
cago according to their best ability and
they will never be found wanting. If
Persia should obtain order, the beloved
then will make a worthy contribution.
[Translated March 18, 1910.]
Several plans and designs of the Mash-
rak-el-Azkar have been received from
America. Now, the believers must dis-
play an endeavor so that the land may
be bought in its entirety; then collect
contributions for the building, and then
they may think about the plans. So far,
the means are lacking. I hope from the
favor of the true One that sufficient and
ample contributions may be gathered and
afterward the best and most acceptable
plans be decided upon.
[Translated April 12, 1910.]

