8 STAR OF TI-IE 
ments which are worthy of considera-
tion, because my purpose and intention
is to remove from amongst men this en-
mity and this religious hatred which
have fettered men, and to have all the
religions unified and agreed. Inasmuch
as the hatred and enmity which have
obtained amongst the religions are re-
sults of misunderstandings, if these mis-
understandings shall vanish, all the re-
ligions will be unified. For I declare that
the foundation of the divine religions
is one and the same. It is the oneness
of instruction or teaching, and oneness
of foundation'; but alas have re-
linquished that foundation and have
held tenaciously to certain dogmatic
teachings and blind imitation, and this
has caused enmity and hatred. This
has caused bloodshed. This is verily
the cause of alienation amongst men.
Hence I wish you to be very fair in the
judgment of the following statement:
These were the conditions amongst
the people of Israel, when, lo and be-
hold,--his holiness Jesus Christ ap-
peared amongst them. Jesus of Naza-
reth was a Jew amongst the Jews. He
was single; he was alone and unique.
He had no assistant. They at once pro-
nounced him to be an enemy of Moses.
They declared him to be the destroyer
of the Mosaic institutes or laws. But
let us examine the facts as they are.
Let us investigate reality as it is, and
we shall find the exact state of affairs.
But for the fair investigation of this
question, let us lay aside all that we
have heard and thus independently
shall we investigate. This personage,
Jesus Christ, when he appeared, de-
clared his holiness Moses to have been
the prophet of God, and he pronounced
all the prophets of Israel to have been
the prophets of God. He pronounced
the Torah the very book of God, and
he enjoined upon all to conform or be.-
lieve in-the Old Testament. During a
period of 1500 years it is an historic
fact that the kings of the Israelites
were unable to spread broadcast the
fame of Judaism. In fact, the name
and fame of Moses were confined up
to that period to the boundary-lines of
Palestine, and the Torah was a book
well known only in Palestine. But his
holiness Christ--~through the blessing
of the New Testament of Jesus Christ
Old Testament, the Torah, was
translated into six hundred different
tongues, and it was spread broadcast
in the world. It was through Chris-
tianity that the Torah reached Persia.
Prior to that time there was no news
of such a book as the Torah, but his
holiness Christ caused the Torah to be
spread everywhere. He caused the
name of Moses to be elevated and
spread. He was instrumental in pub-
lishing broadcast the name and fame
of the Israelitish prophets, and he
proved to the world that Israel con-
stituted the people of God. Which one
of the Israelitish kings were capable of
accomplishing this result? Were it not
for Jesus Christ, would the Bible, the
Torah, have reached this land of Amer-
ica"? Would the name of Moses be
spread throughout the various parts of
the world? Refer to history. For
everyone knows that when the time of
Christ was at hand, and Christianity
was gradually spread, with the onward
march of evangelism, with the spread
of Christianity there was a spread sim-
ultaneously of the Torah and Judaism.
Throughout the length and breadth of
Persia there was not a single volume
of the Old Testament, of the Torah, but
Jesus Christ caused it to appear every-
where, to the extent that the holy
Bible today is a household book every-
where. Hence it is evident that Christ
was a friend of Moses. That he loved
his holiness Moses, for had he not
loved his holiness Moses he would not
have commemorated his name. This is
self-evident, that he was his best friend.
Therefore the Christians and Jews
should exercise the utmost of love to-
wards each other, because Jesus and
Moses, the founders of the two, have
loved each other. The followers should
follow their example.

