STAR or THE WEST 107
nounced the good news of his Manifesta-
tion to the worl. I-lis holiness Christ
made la covenant concerning the Parac-
lete and gave the tidings of his coming.
His holiness the prophet Mohammed
made a covenant concerning his "holiness
the Bab, and the Bab was the one prom-
ised by Mohammed gave
the glad-tidings of his coming. The Bab
made a covenant concerning Baha'0'llah
and gave the glad-tidings of his coming,
and Baha'o'1lah was the one promised by
his holiness the Bab. Baha'o'llah made
a covenant concerning a promised one
who will become manifest after one thou-
sand, or thousands of years. He like-
wise, with his Supreme Pen, entered into
a great co-vemmt and testament with all
the Bahais whereby they were all com-
manded to follow the Center of the Cov-
enant after his (Baha'o'llah's) depart-
ure, and turn not away, even to a hairs-
breadth, from -obeying him."
In reality, there has been but one
Covenant. Each prophet has renewed
this Covenant in a different manner and
to distinguish the Promise of one from
that of the other, it is spoken of as the
covenant of Abraham, the covenant of
Moses, etc., and in this "latter day" it
has been referred to b-y Jeremiah
(31:31) as the "new covenant."
Thus God has entered into this Coven-
ant with all His Manifestations and each
in turn has given it to the world, but
always in .a new form according to the
understanding of the people. The story
of Adam and the Garden of Eden is an
account of this Covenant. Again the
Ark of Noah represents this Covenant.
The "everlasting covenant" with Abra-
ham that "his seed would inherit the
earth" explains the promise, Moses ful-
filled this Covenant on Mount Sinai.
Christ referred to this Covenant when
he spoke of Peter as the "rock" upon
which the church wasto be built. Again
the account of Fama-Gadeer (where Mo-
hammed told the people to- turn to his
successor, Ali) relates to this Covenant.
The Book of Beg/cm, in which the Bab
commanded his followers to turn to
Baha'o'llah as the one "WVhom God
shall Manifest," is this same Covenant,
and the Kvltab-ct-Ahd (Book of the Cov-
enant), written by Baha'o'llah, is the es-
tablishment of this same Covenant.
This Covenant is the source of order
in the world. In the words of Abdul-
Baha: "The Covenant is an Orb which
shines and gleams forth unto the uni-
verse. Verily, its lights will dispel
darkness, its sea will cast out the froth
of suspicion upon the shores of perditio-n.
Verily, naught in the world can resist
the power of the Kingdom. Should all
mankind assemble, could they prevent
the sun from giving its light, the winds
from their blowing, the clouds from their
showers, the mountains from their firm-
ness or the stars from their beaming? No 
by the Lord, the Clement. Everything
(in the World) is subject to corruption,
but the Covenant of thy Lord shall con-
tinue to pervade all regions."
Each one of the prophets testified to
the renewal of this Covenant by the one
who was to come after him and at the
same time pointed to the final Coven-
ant which would be a culmination of all
the preceding ones and which would be
the establishment of God 's Kingdom in
the hearts of mankind. In the Old Tes-
tament this Covenant has been symbol-
ized by salt. Moses commanded that all
offerings be seasoned with the "salt of
the covenant of God." In Numbers
18 :19, it is referred to as "a covenant of
salt forever before the Lord. In Chron-
icles II, 13 it is stated that the Lord
gave the kingdom of Israel over to
David and his sons by "a covenant of
salt." Again Christ says to his disci-
ples (Matt. 5 :13) "Ye are the salt of
the earth; but if the salt hath lost its
savor, wherewith shall it be salted?"
Salt has been used to characterize the
spiritual power which gives life to hu-
manity and if one is deprived of its
savor by losing hold of the Covenant
his spiritual sustence is cut off.
Today, the symbol of the spiritual
power of the Covenant is love. All
through the biblical scriptures the wrath

