STAR OF THE WEST 137
Among the most important affairs is
the founding of the Mashrak-el-Azkar,
although weak minds may not grasp its
importance: nay, perchance, they imag-
ine this Mashrak-el-Azkar to be a temple
like other temples.
They may say to themselves: "Every
nation has a hundred thousand gigantic
temples; what result have they yielded,
that now this one Mashrak-el-Azkar (is
said) to cause the manifes-ta.t-ion of signs
and prove a source of light?" But they
are ignorant of the fact that the found-
ing of this Mashrak-el-Azkar is to be in
the inception of the organization of the
Kingdom.
Therefore, it is important and is an ex-
pression of the upraising of the evident
Standard, which is Waving in the center
of that continent, the results and effects
of which will become manifest in the
hearts and spirits. No soul will be
aware of this mature Wisdom save after
trial.
\/Vhen the Mashrak-el-Azkar was
founded in Is-hkabad, its -clamor affected
all the cities of the orient and caused
souls to awaken (to the call). M10-st of
the souls who investigated and heard the
explanation were attracted to t-he King-
dom of G-od.
Moreover, the accessories of the Mash-
rak-el-Azkar are numero-us. Among them
are the school for orphans, the great
college for the higher arts, hospital,
home for the cripples, and hospice.
The doors o-f these places are to be opened
to all sects--no differentiation-s. When
these accessories are completed, and, by
God's help and aid, the departments
fully systematized, it will be proved that
the Mashrak-el-Azkar is to human society
a great bounty and a great blessing.
In b-rief, through the unlimited boun-
ty of God, I am hopeful that the be-
loved ones of God in America may be
aided and confirmed in founding this
mighty and solid foundation and grad-
ually annex thereto its accessories.
Now ye have convened in that center
(Chicago), from other cities of America.
With sincere intentions and lofty en-
deavors have ye proposed to undertake
this mighty affair. Know ye for -a cer-
tainty that ye will be confirmed by the
aids of the Holy Spirit and that ye will
render the Kingdom of God a distin-
guished service, whereby ye will become
dear in both realms and will shine forth
as morning stars from the horizon of the
Love of God.
This organization of the Mashrak-el-
Azkar will be a type for the coming
centuries and will hold the station of
the Mother, and thus, later, in other
cities many Mashrak-el-Azkars will be
its 
Lord! Make these holy souls dawn-
ing-points of lights and the manifesta-
tions of Thy) signs. Make every one
a leading corner stone in this great edi-
fice, a pillar of its pillars.
Go-d'! Although the friends are
needy, yet Thou art the Helper, the Sup-
porter, the Rewarder!
These souls have arisen to serve Thee
Well and have begun servitude. Confirm
them and aid them. Encourage each by
promises of Thy divine favors and make
them of the elect.
Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful, the
Able, the Giver, the Shining, the I-Iearer,
the Seer!
[Extract from Tablet to Temple Unity Con-
vention of March 22-23, 1909.]
Praise be to God! that the Convention
of the delegates for the Mashrak-el-Azkar
was held in perfect order and the mem-
bers assembled in that spiritual meeting
with radiant faces, heavenly hearts, mer-
ciful spirits and the glad tidings of the
Kingdom, and consulted and deliberated
respecting the founding of the Masl1rak-
el-Azkar.
Although hereafter thousands of
Mashrak-el-Azkars will be founded, yet
as this Mashrak-el-Azkar is the first di-
vine Institute in America, therefore, it
is very important and its results and
fruits are endless. Soon will some of its
results become known and evident.
In brief, the delegates who congregat-

