STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless 
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall come."- 
Vol. VI Kamal 1, 71 (August Z0, 1915) No. 9
"The Great Manifestation was fulfilled and
consummated in the Blessed Beauty of Abha
(Baha'o'llah). . . thus was it ended and for a
thousand years all shall receive illumina-
tion from His Lights
99
Translated August 4, 1908
Tablet from Abdul-Baha to be read by the friends of God in the East
and the West.
Upon them be Baha'o'llah-El-Abhal
He is God!
YE people of the Kingdom of
Abha!
There are two influences tend-
ing toward prosperity and progress
which emanate from the forefront of
advancement of the world of humanity.
They remind the negligent, awaken
them that sleep, give sight to the blind,
hearing to the deaf, power of utterance
to the mutes and life to the dead.
One is the influence of civilization--
that development of the World of nature
that concerns the material life of man.
It promotes physical advancement and
cultivates the social virtues. The laws
and deductions of science, so indispen-
sable to progress, are the product of the
lofty thoughts of sound minds, the ac-
cumulated results of the efiorts of an-
cient and modern scholars. The most
efiective power for the promotion and
dissemination of this influence is just
government.
The other is the divine influence, the
holy and spiritual revelations, which
insure eternal glory, everlasting happi-
ness, the illumination of the world,
the appearance of merciful phenomena
in the world of humanity, and perpetual
life. The fundamental basis thereof is
the teachings and the precepts of the
prophets, the dictates and attraction of
the conscience, which belong to the realm
of morality. Like unto the lamp they
illuminate and brighten the depths and
recesses of human realities. The ef-
fective power of this is the Vllord of
God.
But the advancement of civilization,
material perfections and human virtues
will bear no fruit or result unless joined
to the spiritual perfections; merciful
qualities and sound morals, a11d the hap-
piness of the human wo-rld, which is the
original goal, will not be attained. For
although through the advancement of
civilization and the adornment and re-
finement of the material world, happi-
ness is realized, and the sight of hopes
fulfilled in perfect beauty wins the
heart, yet, concomitantly, great dangers,
severe ordeals and awful catastrophes
are involved,
Now, when ye behold the order and
regularity of countries, cities and vil-
lages, the attractive adornment, the del-

