STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as recond-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post oflice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3,1879.
EdItorialStafl: ALBERT R. VVINDUST UERTRUDE M. 
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB 
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Nate Until further notice. distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE. P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111.. U, S. A.
To personal checlu please add sufficient to cover the bani: exchange.
Address all communications to Baum News SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS coo!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and cltme. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited.
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the Waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firm/ness, firmmu.
firmness! (Signed) Annun-Bans Arms. 
Vol.  7 Eigzat 1,_71 (September 1915) No. 10
Whenever I am attacked With these
thoughts I turn my face towards the
Center of the Covenant and then I feel
assured that the end will be light, peace,
progress and love.
Praise be to God! that the health of
the Beloved is quite good in these days.
The present condition o-f the World has
forced upon him a much needed rest.
From his earliest childhood he has been
so active and energetic that he Would not
take a rest under any consideration.
Now after several months of stay in
Abou Senan, a village near Acca, the
holy family and the believers have re-
turned to Haifa and he- is spending his
days quietly with the blessed members
of his household. We have no pil-
grims to Whom he may deliver formal
talks nor do We receive any letters re-
quiring immcdiate attention. Peace-
fully and calmly these spiritual days
succeed ea-ch other like, the lovely days
of an ideal tropical spring. In the
garden of the hearts the birds of con-
tentment sing and in the field of the
spirits the roses of assurance bloom.
Now and then he delights our -ears with
a charming spiritual discourse, setting
before our eyes the shining gems of
truth and the brilliant pearls of Wis-
dom. These jewels of heavenly bright-
ness are diligently collected as they fall
fro-m his seraphic tongue: thus future
humanity may adorn therewith the tem-
ples of their beings.
My dear sister! The Beloved thinks of
you and of your husband and o-f "his"
little darling Mary. Often he speaks
about his never-to-be-forgotten sojourn
in your city, the light-be-arming faces of
the friends, the spiritual meetings held
in your house, the attrarct-ion and en-
kindlement of the hearts, your faithful-
ness and loyalty to the Cause of God and
your contagious enthusiasm in the dif-
fusion of the fragrance of God. When-
ever he reviews these events, his face be-
comes illumined and were I a painter I
would place on the canvas the raptur-
ous smile of his countenance and the ini-
mitable gesture of his hands!
Please convey to all the friends my sin-
cere Ba.hai greeting and let them know
that We are all thinking of them and
pray for their spiritual and physical
success and prosperityever your sincere brother,
(Signed) Almzad.

