162 STAR OF
The home of the late Arthur Pillsbury Dodge at Free
port, Long Island, where he held Bahai meetings.
In this picture with Mr. Dodge, taken when he first
became ill, are Mrs. Dodge, R. Paul Dodge, and Mr.
Osborne.
typewrite on a plain little piece of paper
a simple notice of the next Sunday 's
Bahai meeting which he had hoped to
live long enough to give in his modest
little home in Freeport, Long Island,
New York. This notice was written the
night before he Was called into the
greater world that lies beyond, and he
had addressed an envelope that was to
carry the notice of the Bahai meeting,
that was never held except in the spirit,
to a local newspaper. The envelope
read: "Edit-or Pearsall, Nassau County
Review, Freeport, N. And here fol-
lows the notice;
SUNDAY SERVICES
Talks on the Bahai Revelation by
Arthur P. Dodge, at 64 Jay Avenue,
Freeport, N. Y., Sunday afternoons
at 3 :30 o'cl0ck.
Subject for October 17, 1915:
"The obvious reasons for contem-
plating Jesus Christ equal with
God the Father, and by many even
greater than God, while Christ Him-
self in all His Divine Uttcrances,
declared He was only the Son, the
Servant and the Door of the 1/Vill
of God, whom He persistently held
'Wits ONLY Assisted by
Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Fleming and
Mr. and Mrs. Frank D. Clark, All
cordially welcome. Free; no
charge or collection."
ll 
When my dear father passed out of
this life into the greater one beyond,
this notice, in the envelope addressed to
the local newspaper, lay on top of a lit-
tle note book in which he kept a record
of his Bahai meetings held in Freeport;
and the note book was beside the Holy
Bible, Browne 's Traveller's Narra-
tive, or The Episode of the Bab," and
several Utterances of Baha'o'llah and of
Abdul-Baha, which were close by my
father at all times.
The Sunday before he died, October
10th, 1915, when I saw him for the last
time and heard him with difficulty, be-
cause of a tube in his throat, read one of
the blessed tablets, my father conducted
a well-attended meeting of the friends.
The subject was, "The Covenants of God
with His creatures, through His Seven
great Trophets and Messengers, from
Adam, the first recorded Prophet, down
to the present' time, as proven from the
Bible and other sacred Books." At this
meeting Andrew Fleming a.nd Frank D.
Clark assisted.
One of the oldest, best-known and be-
loved of Bahais, who was greatly be-
loved by Abdul-Baha, and who was af-
fectionately spoken of throughout the
world, and especially all through Persia
and the o~rient' as "Mr. Dodge," a short
sketch of my father's work in the Cause
may be of interest to the friends. Al-
ways, ever since he was a young man
before his marriage to my mother in
1870, my father was given to seeking the
divine truth. He successfully investi-
gated and followed pretty nearly every
cult and ism before he finally heard what
he instantly recognized as the truth.
During all this time he was a close and
earnest student of religion and it was
only natural that he should have known
the Bible and other religious books as
but few men, not excepting t'l1e most
learned theologians, ever understand the
sacred and historical works of religion.
That he got more than the letter out of
his early studies was evidenced from his
ever desire for more and more and a

