STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds oi affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that cliversity of religion shall cease and difierences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strites
these ruinous Wars shall pass away, and the 'M0st Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VI Baha l, 71 (March Z1, 1915) No. 1
"My Purpose and Intention is to Remove
from Amongst Men this Enmity
and this Religous Hatred"
Address by Abdul--Baha at Eighth Street Temple (Jewish Synagogue)
Washington, D. C.,November 8, 1912.
From stenographic notes by Mr. Joseph H. Hannen
OD is One; and the effulgencc of
God is one; and humanity con-
stitutes the servants of that one
God. God is kind to all. He creates
the-in all, He provides for all; and all
doth He nurture, and protect. The sun
of God shines upon all mankind. The
divine cloud pours down upon all. The
gentle of His mercy blow to-
ward all, and all humanity is submerged
in the ocean of God's eternal mercy.
God has created mankind from the
same progeny in order that His crea-
tures may associate one with the other
in good fellowship, that they may exer-
cise love towards each other, that they
may live amicably together.
But We have acted contrary to the
good pleasure of God. We have been
the cause of alienating humanity. 'We
have separated one from the other, aris-
ing in opposition towards each other.
How many have been the Wars which
have occurred amongst men! How ex-
cessive has been the bloodshed which
has taken place amongst inenl How
numerous have been the which
have been laid waste! How number-
are the cities which have been
ruined. And all of this has been con-
trary to the good pleasure of God. For
God hath willed love for huinanity. God
is clement to all mankind. God hath
ordained ainity amongst men.
But most regrettable is the state of
difference and dispersion we liave
created amongst men in the naine of re-
ligion, imagining that a duty para-
mount in importance in religion is that
of alienating peoples; that our religious
duty, as it Were, is to shun one another
and to consider each other containi-
nated! In reality, let it be known that
the foundations of the Divine Religions
are one, and the difierenccs which have
occurred are due to the blind imitations.
His holiness Abraham was the founder
of reality. His holiness Moses was the
founder of reality. His holiness Christ
was the founder of reality. His holi-
ness Moliainined was the founder oi
reality. His holiness Baha'o'llah was
the founder of reality. And this is to
be proved; it is not simply an assertion.
Let inc ask your closest attention for
the consideration of this subject: The
divine religions--eacl1 one of theni-
arc divisible into two divisions. One
division is concerned with the essential
or spiritual: to Wit, faith in God, the
acquireincnt of the virtues Which char-
acterize perfect manhood. praiseworthy
morals, the acquisition of the bestowals

