STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, 
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post otiipe at Chicago. under the Act of March 3. 1879.
Editorial Slafl: ALBERT R. WINDUST -- GERTRUDE BUIKEMA -- DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
7 i Honorary Member: SOHRAB
TERMS: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy. 
Non -- Until further notice. distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U. S. A.
To personal checln please add to cover the bani: exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHAest! HE IS coo.
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BA1-IA ABBAS.
Vol. VI Jalal 1, 71 (April 9, 1915) No. 2
"Hasten ye toward love and prosperity!
Hasten ye toward peace and
reconciliation 
Tablet from Abdul-Baha addressed,"To the beloved of God and the
maid-servants of the Merciful throughout the world"
(Revealed several years ago; reprinted from the STAR or THE Wnsrfr'@'e1nds of Abdul-Baha!
"Perfume Thou the East! Illumine
Thou the VVest.! Bestow Thou light to
the North! Grant Thou life to the
South!"
This verse hath been revealed from the
lips of the Center of the Covenant one
year after the departure of Baha'o'llah.
But the nakazeen (not understanding its
spiritual purport) wondered and derided.
Praise be to God! that now its signs
have become manifest, its powers evident,
and its proofs plain. Thanks be unto
Him! that the East and the West are
stirred into cheerfulness, and through
the holy fragrances all directions are
perfumed.
The Blessed Perfection, in a clear text,
hath promised us in the Book: "Verily,
I behold you from the horizon of Abha
and will make victorious whomsoever will
arise in the service of my Cause with
the hosts of the supreme concourse and
the cohorts of the favored angels."
Praise be to God! that this victory and
confirmation became visible and manifest
and hath shone forth from the horizon
of the world like unto the sun.
Therefore, ye friends of God! Show
ye forth an earnest endeavor and display
ye a resolute effort, so that ye may be-
come assisted in the adoration of the
Ancient Beauty and the manifest light;
to be the cause of spreading the light of
the sun of Truth; to infuse into the
dead, antiquated body of the World a
new spirit; to cast in the fields of the
hearts pure seeds; to arise in the service

