70 STAR OF
THE WEST
"The Great Manifestation was fulfilled and consummated
in the Blessed Beauty of Abha (Baha'o'llah)"
(Continued from page sixty-eight)
things is an expression of their decom-
position and disintegration. The affin-
ity and organization of the elements
makes possible the existence.
To sum up: the attraction and affinity
of things are the cause of fructification
and production, and estrangement and
disunion among things the cause of death
and annihilation. By attraction a.nd af-
finity all living beings such as plants,
animals and men are realized. From dis-
agreement and estrangement dissolution
results and annihilation follows. Verily
the life of the human world is that which
is conducive to unity, attraction and
concord of mankind.
When you pass a farm and observe a
prosperous plantation with symmetry
and beauty, full of plants and flowers
with an organized community, ye see
proof of the fact that the farm and gar-
den are under the care and cultivation
of a skillful farmer; but if ye see con-
fusion and disorder, it is an evidence
that the Place is bereft of the care of
the gardener and a Wild and unculti-
vated plantation results.
Therefore it is evident that unity and
concord are the result of the education
of the real educator, while separation
and dissension are evidence of savagery
and the lack of the training of God.
If an opponent object, saying: The
nations, peoples, tribes and sects of the
world have different ethics, morals, con-
ducts, tastes and temperaments and their
thoughts and opinions vary, how then
can real unity become realized or abso-
lute accord among humanity be estab-
lished?
We will say that difference (or dis-
agreement) is of two kinds: One sort is
the cause of annihilation and that is like
the disagreement of warring nations and
fighting tribes who destroy one another,
ruin homes and cause comfort and peace
to depart, exhibiting ferocity and blood-
thirstiness. The other difference (or
disagreeinent) is an expression of va-
riety, that is itself perfection, and the
means of manifesting the graces of the
All-Glorious.
Look at the flowers of the gardens.
Although members of different families,
having various colors, different forms
and shapes, yet because they absorb the
selfsame water and grow and thrive by
the same breeze and are reared by the
same heat and light of the one sun, this
difference and variety produces greater
beauty and grace and each appears more
beautiful by contrast with the other.
When the complete proof, Which is the
effectiveness of the Word of God, ob-
tains, this difference in nature's ethics,
habits and thoughts results in the diver-
sification and adornment of the human
world. Moreover this difference and va-
riety isinherent -and innate in the parts
and members of man, which afiord the
means for revealing perfections, and
since these members and parts (of the
human organism) are under the control
of the king of the spirit, the spirit in-
terpenetrates the parts and' governs even
the veins and arteries. This difference
and variety then is no barrier to one-
ness and love governed by the spirit.
This diversity is indeed the greatest
power of unity.
Should a garden have its trees with
their branches, leaves, blossoms and
fruit all of one kind, color, shape and
arrangement it would have no beauty
and sweetness whatever. But if it pos-
sess various hues, different leaves, blos-
soms and fruits, each will intensify the
decorative effect and beauty of the other.
The garden will become perfect and ex-
cel in beauty, delicacy, freshness, sweet-
ness and magnificence.
Likewise, the difference and variety

