STAR OF THE 
those in the world, -and the Rising-point
of favor to all nations. Verily, He is
the Powerful, the All-knowing, the Wise!
I beg of Him to water the earth and all
that is in it by Thee, that there may
spring up from it the Flowers of Wis-
dom and Revelation and the Hyacinths of
science and knowledge." Also in an-
other tablet: "Thou knowest, my God
that, verily I have chosen Him, only be-
cause Thou hast chosen Him; I have
elected Him, only because Thou hast
elected Him. Therefore assist Him by
the Hosts of Thy Heaven and earth.
Help Thou, My God, who-soever may
help Him! choose, whosoever may choose
Him! strengthen whosoever may advance
toward Him! and reject whosoever may
deny Him and desire Him not!"
These are a few of the many utter-
ances of Baha'o'llah referring to the ap-
pointment of Abdul-Baha as the Center
of' His Covenant. This does not mean
that Abdul-Baha is the "Promised One"
of Baha'o'llah, for that One will not
app-ear until after one thousand or
thousand 0-f years, but it means that
Abdul-Baha has been made the Standard
differentiating falseho-od from truthfand
his explanations of the meanings of the
texts and verses are the truth.
Th-crefore, again in this day, all the
people are exhorted to firmness in God's
Covenant, and this is accomplished by
turning to Abdul-Baha for enlighten-
ment and guidance in all affairs. He
says: Firmness in the Covenant means
obedte/nee, so that no one may say, 'This
is my opinion' nay rather, he must obey
that which proceeds from the Pen and
Tongue of the Covenant. Any explana-
tion which does net accord with the Cov-
enant will have no effect whatsoever.
Therefore, whosoever heralds the Coven-
ant of God, unquestionably he is con-
firmed. Know this fo-r a certainty that
to-day, the pehetrattoe power in the
arteries of the world of humanity, ts
the power of the Covenant. The body
of the world. will not be moved through
any power except through the power of 
the There is no other power
like unto this. This Spirit of the Cov-
enant, is the real Center of love and is
reflecting its rays to all parts of the
globe, which are resuscitating and regen-
erating man and illuminating the path to
the Divine Kingdom."
Through all His Prophets, God has
urged the people to firmness and obed-
ience so that His Covenant
may be established: It is His universal
law that all things which are not at-
tached to their life-giving Center, disin-
tegrate and die, and in order to preserve
the oneness of all humanity, He has made
known that spiritual Center which will
unite all and establish His Kingdom in
the hearts of men.
When the electric light bulb loses its
connection with the power-house it be-
comes extinct and ceases to give forth
light. The Center of the Covenant is the
Divine Magno which is illuminating the
world, dispelling the darkness of racial
a.nd religious hatred, and lighting up the
Way made dark by the superstitions and
blind imitations of former ages. It is the
Magnet which is attracting the hearts of
men to God. This awakening is being
accomplished by the Seroitwde of Abdul-
Baha to mankind. His whole life has
been one of sacrifice and service so that
man might become mindful of God's
wishes. After a life of imprisonment
and trials and at an advanced age, he
travelled throughout Europe and
America, undergoing many hardships, in
order to serve the people by rending
asunder the veils of ignorance and dis-
closing the realities of all things, thus il-
luminating this dark world of material-
ism.
Assuredly, the words of Jesus (Matt.
23:11) to the multitude: "But he that
is greatest among you shall be your serv-
ant," are being fulfilled today by Abdul-
Baha, the "Servant of God." His
greatest wish is: "To be a faithful
servant and a sincere slave at the Thres-
hold of Baha'o'llah. Whosoever enter-
tains perfect love for me and is firm in
the Covenant must know and believe
that I am the Servant of the Threshold

