STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago U. S.A.
9 7
Wlirnterefd as second-class nutter April 9, 1911, at the post ofl-ice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3. 1879.
Editorial Stafl: ALBERT R. WINDUST -- GERTRUDE BUIKEMA -- DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorgru Member: MIBZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Tums: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Nut: -- Until Iurther notice, disrrihution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEVVS SERVICE, P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, U. S. A.
To personal checks please acicl suflicienl to cover the haul: exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill,., U.S. A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! us IS con! 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long. thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Babais which is organized 1r1_the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea: thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firflmess, firrnnesr.
firmness! (Signed) Annui.-Bum Anms.
Vol.Vl if Mull; 1, 71 (February 1, 1916) No.18
Aga-Seyed-Taki, the Great Afnan
By CHARLES MASON REMEY
January 1, 1916.
Mrs. Corinne True, Chicago.
My dear friend:
You have asked mo for some informa-
tion regarding the life of the venerable
Afnan, or the great Afnan, as he was
sometimes called in the orient, under
whose service of direction, the Mashrak-
el-Azkar was built in Ishka-bad, Russia.
Afnan, you know, is the term which
has been applied to the blood relatives
of the "First Point' '-the Bab. Aga-
Seyed-Taki was the name of the Afnan
of Whom I Write. In the orient, he is
known also as Jenab-Afnan-Vakil-Dow
leh, the title bestowed upon him for pub-
lic services rendered to his country, Per-
S13.
Aga-Seyed-Taki-Afnan was first cous-
in of the Bab. He was the son of Hadji-
Mirza-Seyod-Mohammad, the brother of
the Bab 's mother. It was this same
Hadji-Mirza-Seyed-Mohammed, to Whom
Baha'o'l1ah revealed. While in Baghdad,
the K-ital)-el-Ighan or Book of Assurance.
So far as I have been able to ascertain,
Aga-Seyed-Taki-Afnan was six or seven
years younger than the Bab, and they
were intimately associated in Baghdad.
The friends in Akka and Haifa have
told interesting incidents of the youth of
the Bab, as described by the Afnan, who
recalled vividly the holy personality and
spiritual charm of the "First Point."
After many years of service to the
Cause in Persia, the Afnan was chosen
by Abdul-Baha to undertake the Work of
the Mashrak-cl-Azkar in Ishkabad,
Where he lived for some years, held in
great esteem by all Who knew him. Under
his direction, the plans for the building
were made and the edifice constructed.
I am sending you some pictures which
will be of interest to the friends. One
shows Aga-Seyed-Taki-Afnan the center
of a multitude, including, as you Will
sec by their uniforms, a number of Rus-
sian officialsplacing
the first stones of the foundation of the

