STAR OF TI-IE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the poet office at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
EditoriaISta_fl': ALBERT R. ZIA M. BAGDADI
i Honorary Member: AHMAD Songs:
If Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Nor?--Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to NEWS P, 0. Box 283, Chicago, U, S. A.
To personal cheeks please add sullicrent to cover the ban]: exchangeAddress all communications to NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box Z83, Chicago, 
TABLET FROM ABDULBAHA.
thou Star of the West! en: rs Goo! 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou- shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these_depend upon firmness, firmnus.
firmness! (Signed) Annun-Bum Anus.
v01.v1 *7 1,]1 (August_ 1, 1915) 7 jg No.8
"The Will of the Creator is efiected through
the process of (voluntary)
composition"
SCIENTIFIC PROOF OF THE EXISTENOE OF GOD
Address by Abdul-Baha delivered Sunday, February 9, 1913, at 30 rue St.
Didicr, Paris.
Translated from notes in Persian by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab.
ODAY some one asked a question
regarding the existence of God.
What are the proofs through
which one can establish the existence of
God?
People are divided into two sections,
one which is satisfied with the knowl-
edge of the attributes of divinity, and
the other which strives to establish the
existence of divinity, and be informed
of the fundamental principles of divine
philosophy.
Therefore today I will speak to you of
the proofs which -establish scientifically
the existence of God.
I will not quote to you the scriptural
proofs from the Old and the New Testa-
ment or the Koran, for you are more or
less familiar with those ideas. Consc-
quently I will deal with this subject
from an intellectual standpoint. As it
is an abtruse subject I request you to
give your utmost attention.
When we look upon all forms of phe-
nomena we observe that they are the
results of composition. For example,
certain single ato-Ins are brought to-
g-ether through the inherent law of elect-
ive affinity existing between these vari-
ous particles, the rcsult of which is the
human being. A number of primordial
atoms have gone into the make up of a
plant, the result of which is the flower.
Again looking into the mineral king-
dom wc observe that this law of cohe-
sion is working in the same manner in
that kingdom, for we see 'that many
atoms go into the composition of a piece
of stone which through purification may
reach to the state of a mirror.

