152 STAR OF
The Bahai
The Bahai (Glorious) Revelation proclaims
the time of Universal Peace and provides the
base for the Universal hope of
the ages, It points the way and supplies the
means for the unity of mankind in the knowl-
edge and love of Truth under the high ban-
ners of Iustice and Mercy.
It is divine in origin, human in presentation,
sane, practical and applicable to life in its
every phase. In belief it inculcates naught
but Truth; in action, naught but Good; in hu-
nan relations, naught but loving Service.
For the information of those who know
little or nothing of the Bahai Revelation, we
quote the following account translated from
:he (-French) of Laroussc:
BAHAISM: the religion of the disciples of Bum'-
an outcome of Babia-m.--Mirza Husain Ali Nuri
was born at Teheran in 1817 A. D. From
I844 he was one of the first adherents of the Bab, and
ievoted himself to the pacific propagation of his doc-
zrine in Persia. After the death of the Bab he was,
with the principal Babis, exiled to Baghdad, and later
:0 Constantinople and Adrianople, under the surveil-
ance of the Qttoman Government. It was in the latter
:ity that he openly declared his mission. He was "He-
whom the Bab had an-
1Ot1l'1C6d in his writings, the great Manifestation of God,
Jromised for the last days; and in his letters to the
>rincipa1 Rulers of the States of Europe he invited them
:0 join him in establishing religion and universal peace.
From this time, the Babis who acknowledged him be-
:ame Bahais. The Sultan then exiled him (1868 A. D.)
'0 Acca in Palestine, where he composed the greater
Jart of his doctrinal works. and where he died in
l892 A. D. (May 29). He had confided to his son,
Kbbas Effendi Abdul-Baha, the work of spreading the
THE WEST
Revelation
religion and continuing the connection between the Ba-
hais of all parts of the world. In point of fact, there
are Bahais everywhere, not only in Mohammedan coun-
tries, but also in all the countries of Europe, as well as
in the United States, Canada, Japan, India, etc. This
is because has known how to transform
Babism into a universal religion, which is presented as
the fulfillment and completion of all the ancient faiths.
The Jews await the Messiah, the Christians the return
of Christ, the Moslems the Mahdi, the Buddhists the
fifth Buddha, the Zoroastrians Shah Bahram, the Hin-
doos the reincarnation of Krishna, and the Atheists--a
better social organization! represents all
these, and thus destroys the rivalries and the enmities of
the different religions; reconciles them in their primi-
tive purity, and frees them from the corruption of dog-
mas and rites. For Bahaism has no clergy, no reli
gious ceremonial, no public prayers; its only dogma is
belief in God and in his Manifestations (Zoroaster,
Moses, Jesus, et al., The principal works
of are the Kitab-ul-Ighan, the Kitab-u!-
Akdas, the Kitob-ul-Ahd, and numerous letters or tablets
addressed to sovereigns or to private individuals. Ritual
holds no place in the religion, which must be expressed
in all the actions of life, and accomplished in neigh-
borly love. Every one must have an occupation. The
education of children is enjoined and regulated. No
one has the power to receive confession of sins, or to
give absolution. The priests of the existing religions
should renounce celibacy, and should preach by their
example, mingling in the life of the people. Monogamy
is universally recommended, etc. Questions not treated
of are left to the civil law of each country, and to the
decisions of the Bait-ul-Adi, or House of Justice, insti-
tuted by Respect toward the Head of
the State is a part of respect toward God. A universal
language, and the creation of tribunals of arbitration
between nations, are to suppress wars. "You are all
leaves of the same tree, and drops of the same sea,"
has said. Briefly, it is not so much a new
religion, as Religion renewed and unified, which is di-
rected today by Larausre Illustre,
supplement, p. 60.
ANNOUNCEMENT
Extra copies of this Mashrak-el-Azlcar edition of STAR or THE WEST may be
had by applying to Bahai Temple Unity, Harlan F. Ober, Secretary, 114 State
Street, Boston, Mass.

