142 STAR OF
the Orb of Regions is conducive to the
happiness of the souls of the spiritual
ones.
From the day of Adam until now, such
an event has never even been witnessed
by man, that, from the farthermost coun-
try of Asia, contributions were forwarded
to the fa-rthermost country of America.
From Rangoon, India, donations are sent
to Chicago, and from ahram, a little vil-
lage of Shiraz, and Kheirol-Gora of Tar-
shiz, money is transmitted for the Mash-
rak-el-Azkar in America. This is through
the bounty and' providence of the Blessed
Perfection, the assistance and confirma-
tion of the Sun of Truth and the victory
and triumph of the Luminary of Elful-
gence, who has united so marvelously the
regions of the world together. Glory be-
longs to the Lord of Hosts. Sovereignty
belongs to the compassionate God. Power
and might belongs to the living, self-
subsistent One, who has united the peo-
ple of the World and assembled them to-
gether like unto the brilliant stars of the
horizon of adoration.
my God! my God! Favor be-
longs to Thee! Generosity belongs to
Thee! Praise belongs to Thee and glori-
fication is Thine, for that which Thou
h-ast bestowed upon these indigent ones,
granted a refuge and asylum to these
Weak ones in the cave of Thy protection
and preservation, assisted them in the
service of Thy Cause and confirmed them
in the worship of Thy exalted threshold.
Lord! They have sacrificed their
belongings and so-uls in Thy path, con-
tributed for love of Thee and missed no
chance or opportunity in spreading Thy
signs, difiusing Thy V\Tord, promulgat-
ing Thy Name among Thy servants and
proclaiming Thy Wonders among Thy
creatures.
Verily, Thou are the Powerful, the
Mighty, the Most High, the Omnipresent
and, verily, Thou art the Clement and
the Most Merciful!
[Translated April 19, 1910.]
Explain to the people the details of
THE WEST
the Mashrak-el-Azkar in Chicago and tell
them how contributions are received from
the east and the West. For example, at
this moment, four contributions were re-
ceived in one day from Rangoon, Bom-
bay (India}, ahram of Shiraz and
Kheirol-Gora of Khorassan for the
Mashrak-el-Azkar of America and were
forwarded to their destination.
Truly, I say, the friends of God dis-
played Wonderful generosity in regard
to the contributions fo-r the Mashrak-el-
Azkar. They displayed magnanimity at
any cost to such an extent that some of
them sold portions of their clothing on
the street. This is through the power of
the Covenant of God, for, until this day,
an event of this character has never
transpired, that, from the east and Asia,
contributions were forwarded to the west
for the building of a Temple. Verily,
this is a cause of astonishment for the
people of perception. 
[Translated April 19, 1910.]
God, my aim, my hope! With hearts
full of longing and breast full of yearn-
ing, We beg of Thee and We supplicate
at the threshold of Thy might to raise
the foundation of the Mashrak-el-Azkar
in Chicago, in the most speedy manner.
Make its basis firm and its structure en-
during, suifer its pillars to remain un-
shakable and make its columns of the
steel and' iron of firmness. Glorify its
servants, beautify the characters and
make the Worshipers beloved. Suffer its
nightingales to sing, "Ya-Baha-eL
Abha!" and warble the praises of our
Lord, the Most Supreme. Make its men
the standards unfolded on the mountains
of the World, and its Women the sancti-
fied angels of the tabernacle of the
World!
[Translated 1910.]
The Temple is the most great founda-
tion of the World of humanity and it
has many branches.
Although the Temple is the place of
worship, with it is connected hospital,
pharmacy, pilgrim 's house, school for the

