66 STAR OF
icacy of the blessings, the suitability of
implements, the ease of transportation
and traveling, the extension of knowl-
edge of the facts of the world of nature,
the great inventions and gigantic un-
dertakings and the fine and artistic dis-
coveries, ye shall say that civilization is
the cause of happiness and the develop-
ment of the human world.
Yet again, when ye glance over the
inventions of infernal instruments of de-
struction, the creation of the forces of
ruin, the discovery of fiery means which
cut at the root of life, it becomes plainly
evident that civilization is twin with
savagery and a concomitant thereof, un-
less material civilization be aided by .di-
vine guidance, merciful appearance,
heavenly thoughts, and become joined to
the spiritual states, the perfections of
the kingdom (of God) and the divine
bounties.
Now consider how the most civilized
and populous countries of the World
have become storehouses of infernal
articles (guns, etc.), the dominions of
the world a great barracks, the na-
tions of the World armed hosts, and the
kings thereof commanding generals of
the battlefield. Thus hath the human
world fallen into a great calamity!
Therefore this civilization and ma-
terial development must be led by the
Great Guidance; the mundane world
must be made the place for the appear-
ance of the bounties of the kingdom; ma-
terial advancement must be made twin
with merciful revelation. Thus may the
human world appear as the representa-
tive of the; (heavenly) assembly on the
plane of existence, and the exposition
of divine evidence may reveal itself in
the greatest sweetness and loveliness.
Thus may eternal happiness and glory
find realization.
Praise be to God! For centuries and
cycles the banner of civilization has been
raised, the human world has day by day
advanced and developed, the material
world has flourished and outward per-
fections increased until now the world
THE 
of human existence has attained great
capacity for the spiritual teachings and
the divine summons.
To illustrate: When a suckling babe
has passed through the material grades
and has attained physical growth and
development, the body reaches the
grade of maturity and attains capacity
for the manifestation of ideal perfec-
tions and intellectual virtues. Then the
signs of the endowment of perception,
intelligence and knowledge, and the spir-
itual forces appear.
Likewise in the general world, when
mankind accomplished physical devel-
opment, traveled through the grades of
civilization and attained the human won-
ders, virtues and endowments in their
most consummate form, it attained
capacity for the appearance and exten-
sion of the spiritual divine perfections
and obtained worthiness for hearing the
divine summons.
Then the ensign of the Kingdom was
raised, spiritual virtues and perfections
became manifest, the sun of reality
arose, the light of the "Most Great
Peace" dawned, the solidarity of the
human world was realized. We hope
that the radiation of these lights may
day by day become intensified and these
ideal virtues magnified. Thus may the
great achievement of the human world
become evident and manifest, and the
beloved of the love of God may become
with the utmost sweetness and beauty
the representatives of the (heavenly)
assemblage.
ye friends of God! Know ye verily
that the happiness of the world of hu-
manity is dependent upon the unity and
solidarity of mankind, and that material
and spiritual progress both. rest upon
universal friendliness and love among
human individuals.
Consider other living beings; that is
to say the animals that graze, or fly,
and those that are ferocious. The indi-
vidual of every ferocious kind is sep-
arated from its kin and the members
of the same species, and lives in loneli-

