STAR THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of afiection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened:
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VI Massa'ul 1, 71 (December 12, 1915) No. 15
The Call of God*
By GEORGE O. LATIMER
to the World on the same basis
as that of all th-e past religions,
that is, the acknowledgment of a single
divinity which is all-po-werful, all-co-m-
prehending, all-encompassing. This di-
vinity is an unknown essence, an infinite
being known as God. "God, singly and
alone, abid-eth in His own place, which
is holy above space and time, mention
and utterance, sign, description and def-
inition, height and depth. God alone
should be realized as the one power which
animates and dominates all things which
are but manifestations of its energy."
[Baha'o'llah]c. All things o-We their ex-
istence to- God and are dependent upon
Him for guid!anc=e= and advancement. All
existence testifi-es to a creator and every
kingdom is in need of an educator.
For example, the barren so-il when
tilled produces abundant crops. By cul-
tivation, fertilization and engrafting,
trees which pro-duc-ed bitter fruits, yield
sweet fruits. Without. the training of
the gardener the flowers become choked
by weeds and cease to give forth their
fragrance. By careful training the ani-
mal has become diomesticated and is of
great service to mankind, but if it is left
untrained it remains a wild, often fero-
cious beast. Man also, if left witho-ut
training, becomes bestial, in fact he be-
comes lower than the animal, for the
greater number of animals protect their
THE Bahai Message has been given
own kind, while men, among the negroes
o-f central Africa, kill and eat one an-
other; whereas if man be educated he
becomes a heavenly being. If it were
no-t for education, no facilities or won-
derful industries in the world, sciences
and arts would be known, and civiliza-
tion would not exist.
No-w man, the greatest of all God's
handiwork, is in constant need of educa-
tion. He is born into the world helples-s
and rema.ins inthis condition for a long
time._ His faculties are brought into use
only by training". He dlo-es not speak un-
til taught to do s-o. Later on he is sent
to school and receives instruction in the
arts, sciences and needs of humanity. In
fact, his Whole life from birth to death
is one period of learning. As man has
material faculties which need develop-
ment, so he has within him spiritual
faculties, latent powers given him by
God, which must be awakened.
Thus man is in need of three kinds
of education: material, human and spir-
itual. Material education perfects his
physical body and is common to animals
as well as men. Human education deals
with his civilization and progress. It
has to do with th=e social, economic" and
civic problems of life. It includes arts,
sciences, inventions and all the activities
which a.re essential to man as distin-
guished from the animal. Divine edu-
cation consists in acquiring the divine
*Note--Compiled in Stuttgart, Germany, during August, 1914. This manuscript was presented to
Abdul-Baha personally by Mr. Latimer while in Akka in October of the same year. Abdul-Baha gave
consent to its pub1ication.--The Editors.

