STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VI Jamal 1, 71 (April 28, 1915) No. 3
"There is need for an Educator; there must
needs be 1n the world a Universal Teacher"
Talk by Abdul-Baha at the home of Mrs. Parsons,
Washington, D. C., November 7, 1912
From stenographic notes by Mr. Joseph H. Hannen
THE world of nature We observe
I expressions of the struggle for exis-
tence. We find efforts of the sur-
vival of the fittest everywhere. And this
is the very cause of error in the theories
and opinions of man. Because we state
a p-Mow} that nature is defective. When
We glance at the world of nature we dis-
c-over numerous defects which must be
removed by means of education. For ex-
ample, consider man: If We study hu-
man beings Who have been reared accord-
ing to the postulates of nature, if we
ob-serve them in their aboriginal condi-
tion, we will find them defective indeed.
Regard the people of central Africa-
They have not received religious educa-
tion nor have they received any form of
civilization. They have grown, devel-
oped and advanced only according to
their aboriginal state. We find them all
to be bloodthirsty. We find them all to
be possessed of immoral qualities, ani-
malistic in type to such an extent that
they even kill and devour each other.
This makes it evident that the world of
nature, if left alone, presents defects, be-
cause it is a plane upon which the strug-
gle for existence expresses itself. If We
leave a piece of ground in its natural
state, Wild Weeds and thorns will grow
therefrom, Wild trees of the jungle Will
spring up. But if we train or cultivate
that piece of ground, the result of cul-
tivation Will be that it will rid itself of
the defects of nature, will become trans-
formed into a rose-garden of variegated
hues, or an orchard of fruitful trees. This
proves that the World of nature is defec-
tive. The schools Which are founded, the
systems of education which are estab-
lished, are for What'? They are for re-
placing the defects of nature with vir-
tues and perfeotions. If the World of
nature were not defective there would he
no need of cultivation or education. There
would be no need for tra.ining. But in-
asmuch as We find that children are in
need of education and training, that they
require cultivation--it proves conclusive-
ly that the World of nature must be de-
veloped. Many things show clearly that
the World of nature is defective and im-
perfect. One of the basic evidences of
this imperfection is the expression of the
survival of the fittest among the brutes 
their ignorance, sensual qualities, sus-
ceptibilities of the animal type and free
vent of passions. There is need for an
educator. "There is need forever for the
teacher. There must needs be in the
world a universal teacher. Teachers are
of two kinds: the private or special teach-
er, and the universal instructor. The
universal instructors are the prophets of
God, and the special teachers are the
philosophers. The philosophers are only
capable of educating a circumscribed
circle of people. They can only train a
limited number of human souls, Whereas
the holy divine manifestations of God
are capable of conferring upon humanity

