78 STAR OF
thousand years and each hour most im-
portant in its ideal signification. They
were such days the like of which will
not be found in the annals of history.
Their beauties cannot be compared with
those of the most precious jewels or the
majesty of principalities and kingdoms.
Each day was a white limpid pearl
strung on the golden thread of time, a
fruitful tree planted in the garden of
life, a blue heaven studded with the
b-right stars of humanitarian ideals, a
garden adorned with the most fra-
grant flowers, a most perfect portrait
painted by the hand of the master
artist, a charming song the notes of which
will enrapture the hearts of many thou-
sands and a new dedication to the service
of the Cause of God and the promotion
of the Wor'd of God.
Th-e sweetness and affability o-f these
days will never be forgotten, nor will
they ever be erased from the tablet of
co-nsciousness. I wish all the friends
were with me to enjoy the sublime
pictures; engraving them on the retina
of the eyes. It is one thing to take
part in an event, an-d. another thing to
describe it. One cannot put on paper
those sudden outbursts of joy, those
indefinable moments of tremulous pleas-
ure, those happy events of the past
which appear in the life of every indi-
vidual, leaving behind a deep and last-
ing impression. The greatest writers
have acknowledged their limitations
when they had to describe the details
of the most wonderful epochs of their
lives. They could not cast into- the
mould of cold words the warm and
glowing sentiments of their hearts. They
struggled, they strove, but at last they
laid aside their pens and confessed their
inability. Similarly I have tried to form
a clear mental picture of all the mar-
velous events of the last three years, but
they come crowding upon me with such
variety and number that I retire from
the field precipitously. It is impos-
sible to duly appreciate one of these
events, appearing in order and gradation
one after another.
THE 
My dear Ghodsea! I hope you have
made great progress in your education
and have bedecked the chambers of your
mind and the mansion of your heart with
imperial thoughts and queenly senti-
ments. This will not only make Abdul-
Baha happy but all those who are sym-
pathizing with the movement tending
toward the emancipation of the Persian
women, suffering them to become the in-
tellectual and spiritual peers o-f the
wo-men of the civilized world.
Praise be to God! that from the time
of your arrival in America you have been
confirmed at every step and have been
advancing year after year. This is a
great bounty on the part of God and
there is no doubt that you are appre-
ciating it. All of us expect from you
the performance of great and signal
services. I d.are say that few of the
Persian girls have had the wonderful
opportunities prepared for you by the
grace and mercy of Abdul-Baha, and
I feel certain that you have availed your-
self of each one of them in a noble and
thankful manner. You know what our
grea.t poet Sadi says in the beginning of
his book: "In every breath two bless-
ings are contained and for every blessing
a separate thanksgiving is due." If the
mere process of expiration and inhalation
involves so many blessings and thanks-
givings, how much more then should>> we
thank our Father who has showered up-
on us all His graces and favors.
If you desire to know something about
our condition here: Praise be to God!
we are all well, especially our Be-loved's
health is excellent. He is living now on
the slope of Mount Carmel and we have
the rare pleasure of seeing him two or
three times a day.
There is a possibility of my return to
Wa.shington after this war. No doubt
four years in America have worked Won-
ders in you and I anticipate seeing these
pleasing changes. In myself I do not see
any radical change, except I have grown
older and the hairs of my head are get-
ting white. Youth is a flitting image
which like a character in a moving pic-

