STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street Chicago Ill. U.S. A.
9 1 I
if Entered zsisecond-class Quril 9. l9ll. at D081 otfice at Chicago. Illinois. under the Act of March 3.1879.
Editorial Stafl: ALBERT R. WINDUST -- GERTRUDE BUIKEMA -- DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SQHRAB if
TERMS: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Not?--Until further notice. distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill.. U. S. A.
i To personal checks please add sulficxenl to cover the ban]: exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S.A.
TABLET FROM con.
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant. in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea: thy volume will increase. thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness!
(Signed) Ann/ts.
Vol. VI Masheyat 1, 71 (September 27, 1915) No. 11
Some Bahai Teachings on Peace and War
Extract from a tablet by Abdul-Baha,
October 4, 1.914.
About fifty years ago, his holiness
Baha'o'llah proclaimed certain teach-
ings, and chanted the song of Uni-
versal Peace. In numerous tablets and
epistles"" he foretold in the most clear
language the present stat-
ing that the World 0-f humanity was
facing the most portentous danger, and
that the coming of universal War was un-
fortunately inevitable; for the combus-
tible material stored in the infernal ar-
senals of Europe Would some day explode
through contact with a single spark.
Amongst other things he foresaw that
the Balkans would become a volcano,
and the map of Europe would be
changed. For 'these and similar reasons
Baha'0'llah invited the kings and rulers
*These epistles are contained in the 
Mutuk, and have been described and analyzed in
the Journal of the Royal Asiatic Society. Baha-
'o'l1ah wrote to the Pope, to Queen Victoria, to
the Shah of Persia, and Napoleon asking
them for their co-operation in his efforts to make
his ideas of fraternity and universal peace
triumph. History does not tell us how all of
them were received, but the prophecies therein
have made them celebrated. Thus in 1868, he
announced to Napoleon the approaching fail
of his Empire, and to the Pope the loss of his
temporal power,
of the World to lay down their arms and
proclaim an era of universal peace.
Words spoken at to Professor E. G.
Browne, 1890, by Baha/o'Zlah.
We desired but the good of the world
and the happiness of the nations; that
all nations shall become one in faith and
all men as brothers; that the bonds of af-
fection and unity between the sons of
men shall be strengthened; that the di-
versity of religion shall cease, and difien
e-noes of race be annulled. These fruit-
less strifes, these ruinous Wars shall pass
away, and the "most great peace" shall
come. Do not you in Europe need this
also? Is not this that Which Christ fore-
told? Yet do We see your kings and rul-
ers lavishing their" treasures more freely
on means for the destruction of the hu-
man race-, than on that which would con-
duce to the happiness of mankind. Strife,
bloodshed, and discord, must cease, and
all men be as one kindred and one fam-
ily. Let not a man glory in this, that he
loves his country let him rather glory
that he loves his kind.

