STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers: that the bonds of aifection and unity between the sons oi men shall be strengthened
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VI Elm 1, 71 (October 16, 1915) No. 12
"Tell Everyone Now is the Time to Teach
and Spread the Cause!"
LETTERS FROM LUA GETSINGER
Port Said, Egypt,
Mrs. Bagdadi, Chicago. Sept. 20, 1915.
Dear Zeenat Khanum:
I promised your brother, who came to see me on board our American
Cruiser, Des August 30th, which took me and many hundreds of refu-
gees from Haifia, that I would write you_ as soon as possible after reaching
some destination from which it would be possible to get mail through to you.
I arrived in Port Said, September 14th, so tired and exhausted that I could do
nothing but talk to the friends who have been so long without news of Abdul-
Baha! Praise be to God! when I left he was in good health though surrounded
by difficulties and -dangers which I am powerless to describe.
What he has not done for Syria! "The army of God," as Abdul-Baha
named the came in such clouds as to darken the sun-completed
the diificulties b-y way of misery, starvation and death. Such sufiering as was
manifest on all sides can scarcely be believed. People were coming day and night
begging and Weeping at his gate. He became the sole comfort and hope of the
people whether they are believers o-r unbelievers!
Your mother and family were well and your mother especially was so Wishing
and longing to hear from you. There is no reason why you cannot write direct
to Haifa as long as America is neutral and you do not Write about war matters.
The Bahais in America could have been Writing all this time direct to Haifa;
but they have sent everything to Port Said which was cut ofi from Turkey a.
year ago. Abdul-Baha said, now the friends should not address him--as he
did not wish to trouble them--and perk-cps their letters would /not reach Mm;
but that anyone could Write Mirza Ahmad Sohrab or other friends in Haifa,
so long as America is not in the conflict. Thus please Zeenat, do write to your
mother and family; but write in English or Arabic. No news had come from
Fatima Khanum for a long time and I am sorry to say that nothing had been
heard from any of Dr. Zia's people for some timeenclosing a photograph of a tablet to the American Bahais which was
revealed August 27th, and which I got through the custom house with the assist-

