STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES YEJIR
By the BAI-IAI NEWS SERVICE 515 South Dearborn Street Chicago Ill. U.S.A.
9 - 2 2
if Entered uleeond-elass matter April 9. 1911, atlthe post ofl-ice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 
Editorial Slaf: ALBERT R. WINDUST -- GERTRUDE BUIKEMA -- DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB 
Teams: $1.50 per 'year; 10 cents per copy.
Note Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders paylbleito BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. 0. Box 283,-Chicago, i1l., U. S. A.
~To personal bhecli: please add lulhciengo coverthe bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAI-TAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West: rm IS cont
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread 111 every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Atthough for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenantlife 511 Cl' ETS CCOTHC 3 UH CSCE, l.1I'l1C 
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame W111 be 1'i11SCd and become world-w1de--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness 
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Anus.
Vol. VI Kamal 1, 71 (August 20, 1915) No. 9
pi-an Sea to the River Oxus naught is
to be seen save forlorn and deserted
prairies and deserts. The Russian rail-
way (the Trans-Caspian R. R.) takes
two days a.nd two nights to tr-averse
the ruined cities and destroyed villages
of that desert. There was a time when
that land was very populous and in the
highest state of civilization and develop-
ment science and knowledge were wide-
spread, the arts and professions estab-
lished, commerce and agriculture were in
the utmost state of perfection, and civil
government and politics well organized.
Now, all this great region is the habita-
tion of desolation and shelters only the'
nomadic Turkoman tribes and the wan-
dering beasts of prey. The cities of that
land, as Gorgan, Tassa, Abiavard and
Shahrastan, were once famous in the
world for sciences, knowledge, profes-
sions, wonders, wealth, greatness, happi-
ness and virtue. Now, no voice or mur-
mur is to be heard in all that land save
the roar of ferocious brutes, and -naught
to be seen save the wandering wolves.
This ruin and destruction was occa-
sioned by the battles and murders of
the Wars between Iran (Persia) and
Turkan, which had become different in
customs and religion. Their godless
leaders ma.de public property of the
blood, the belongings and the privacy of
each other. This is the exposition of one
instance.
Then, when you travel through the
world and observe it, you shall find all
constructiveness and progressiveness to
be signs of friendliness and love-, and all
destructiveness and ruin the results of
hatred and enmity.
Notwithstanding this obvious fact the
human world does not take warning nor
wake up from its sleep of negligence.
Men still engage in discord and conten-
tion; they organize armed forces and
long to charge on the battlefield.
Again, consider organization and de-
composition, existence and non-existence.
Every being is composed of many differ-
ent constituents, the existence of every-
thing is the expression of organization.
That is to say; when by divine genesis
organization of certain elements occurs,
a being is produced. All existent be-
ings are after this fashion. But when
a defect appears in that compound and
decomposition sets in, the parts separate
and that being disintegrates and be-
comes non-existent. Thus annihilation of
(Continued on page seventy)

