4-O STAR OF
ance that is a perfect conflagration,
and it pours out this energy without
effort, and brings creative power to
every world that depends upon its cen-
ter of unity. And that is just what
God is doing to humanity, only we
have not found it out.
If we could only understand unity,
humanity would be a great flame of
love, just like the sun, and there would
be no sickness, no poverty, no effort;
We should just be harnessed to the di-
vine Energy, and our activities Would
be the expression of our joys. Nature
knows unity. The stone knows it. Are
we not better than the stones? And
yet we have isolated ourselves from
the very principle and from the very
power that should bring about this ex-
pression of the unity that would give
to us the joys of life.
God did not just make this earth and
stick a few stars around it and then
stop working. He has created worlds
within worlds, and mysteries within
mysteries, and the key to unlock these
worlds and these mysteries, which shall
give to us the knowledge of heaven and
earth, is the key of unity. This is the
Bahai Revelation. And from that cen-
tral heart there spreads out in luminous
light to the whole world the principles
upon which this unity stands: the one-
ness of the world of humanity, the soli-
darity of the human race, the oneness
of all the religions.
God in his singleness created a uni-
verse of oneness. If we can rise to that
vision, if we can stop seeking the cen-
ter of self and turn our eyes to that
supreme center which is God, we shall
find that we were all created by God
to be a brotherhood, a race of soli-
darity, and not separate races, and
separate colors, and separate nations.
Is it greater that we love that nation
which we call our nation, or that we
THE WEST
love humanity in which all nations
merge and from which all nations stand
forth?
Every prophet has brought us this
message. But man has decided that he
can do better going it alone. He has
felt that his own interest was greater
than that for which God created him.
But when_ we wake up to this world-
wide vision, and enter into this race-
deep consciousness, we shall realize
that the real bestowals are much
greater than anything that We can
learn or conceive of.
Abdul-Baha, the son of Baha'o'llah,
came to California two or three years
ago, and in one of the tablets, or let-
ters, in which he spoke of San Fran-
cisco, he spoke of it as being a city of
great freedom. This is the very first
step toward the emancipation of self,
the race and the world. Freedom!
Free from all petty prejudices, free
from all limitations, so that we can
amalgamate and become a concrete
whole.
Baha'o'llah has brought to us this
knowledge of God, this knowledge of
unity, and he has given to us the power
to this unity, so that today this
Bahai spirit, in its universal movement,
is reaching around the world. In every
country, and in every city, we find the
little groups actively working' for the
uplift of humanity. The secret of this
power is the love of service. The mo-
ment we begin to serve we begin to
enter into that divine power which is
waiting to mold us all in that image
in which God created us.
I am going to close with this remark,
that the Bahai Movement is not a new
religion, but it is the spirit of all re-
ligions, "a new statement and a new
demonstration of the power of God
which is working for the education and
the uplift of humanity."

