STAR OF THE 14-7
vine religions. But the real collective
Centers are the Manifestations of God,
of whom the church or temple is a sym-
bol and expression. That is to say, the
Manifestation of God is the real divine
Temple and collective Center of which
the outer church is but a symbol.
Recall the statement of His holiness
Jesus Christ, recorded in the Gospel. Ad-
dressing Peter, He said, Thou art Peter
and upon this rock will I build my
church." It is evident, therefore, that
the Church of God is the Law of God
and the actual edifice is but one symbol
thereofcol-
lective center which unites various peo-
ple, nativities, tongues and opinions. All
find shelter in its protection and be-
come attracted by it. For example, His
holiness Moses and the Mosaic Law
were the unifying center for the scat-
tered sheep of Israel. He united these
wandering flocks, brought them under
control of divine Laws, educated them,
unified' them, caused them to agree and
uplifted them to a superlative degree of
development. At a time when they were
debased they became glorified; ignorant,
they were made knowing; in the bonds
of captivity, they Were given freedom.
In short, they Were unified. Day by day
they advanced, until they attained the
highest degree of progress witnessed in
that age. It is therefore pro-ven that the
Manifestation of God and the Law of
God accomplish unity.
It is self-evident that humanity is at
varian ce. Human tastes differ;
thoughts, nativities, races and tongues
are various. The need of a collective
Center, by which these differences may
be counterbalanced and the people of the
world be unfiied, is obvious. Consider
how nothing but a spiritual power can
bring about this unification, for ma-
terial conditions and mental aspects are
so widely different, that agreement and
unity are impossible through material
means. But it is possible for all to be-
come unified through one Spirit, just as
all may receive light from one sun.
Therefore, assisted by the collective and
divine Center, Which is the L-aw of God
and the reality of His Manifestation, we
can overcome these conditions until they
pass away entirely and the races ad-
vance.
Consider the time of His holiness Cmist.
How many difierent peoples, races and
governments there were; l1oW many vary-
ing sects and denominations! But, when
His holiness appeared, the Messianic
Reality proved to be the collective Cen-
ter, which brought together and unified
them beneath the same tabernacle of
amity. Reflect a moment! Could His
holiness Jesus Christ have united these
divergent factors or brought about such
results through political power? Was
this unity and agreement possible
through material forces? It is evident
that it was not; nay, rather, these various
peoples were brought together through
divine the breaths of
the Holy Spirit. They were revived
through the infusion of a fresh spirit.
The spirituality of the Christ overcame
their difficulties so that their disagree-
ments utterly passed away. In this way,
these varying peoples were unified,
agreed, and became welded in a bond of
love, which alone can unite hearts. There-
fore, it is proved that the Manifestations
of great Mouth-pieces of 
are the collective Centers of God. The
Prophets of God are these collective
Centers, for they are the real shepherds.
The real shepherd unites the scattered
sheep, as they have done in the Past. The
collective Center has ever appeared from
the orient. His holiness Abraham was
a collective Center and he appeared in
the east. His holiness Moses was a
collective Center and he appeared in the
ea.st. His holiness Jesus Christ was a
collective Center and He appeared in
the east. His holiness Mohammad was
a collective Center appearing among the
nomadic tribes of the Arabian peninsula.
Today, His holiness Baha'o'l1ah is the
collective Center of unity for all hu-
manity and He has come from the east.

