STAR OF THE WEST 33
But I must not linger over the beauti-
ful story of this gifted woman. I must
remind you of what followed quickly,
followed the teaching of Baha'0'llah,
who was the successor of the Bab and
the great center of truth for the world
for so many years, and who died in
prison in 1892. He said: "This is the
day of real brotherhood, the day when
the shackles must fall away from the
World, the day when real brotherhood
must be established."
Do you remember what followed im-
mediately? Do you think it was an
accident, that in 1861 the Czar freed
the serfs? That from 1861 to 1865
America was in the throes of the great
Civil War, as a result of which slavery
was banished forever from the shores
of America"? Do you think it was an
accident that in 1860 began that long
and tremendous struggle, as a result of
which Italy stood freed? The one word
that went from one end of Italy to the
other, in those years of her trouble, Was
umify, that the unity of Italy must
be established. And today the unity of
Italy is established. There is no tyranny
in Italy. For the first time in the long
years since the Roman Empire, Italy
has raised her head, and she has been
glorified in the liberty which has been
granted her. And today remember that
and tormented Per-
sia--has her constitution; even Turkey,
who perhaps will be wiped from the
map of Europe presently, has her c011-
stitution; China, the last word of the
oldest old regime, has become a re-
public!
Wlien you realize the spirit Working
under the surface and manifesting it-
self in all the wonders of these great
results, do you believe that for one mo-
ment the political chieanery of Yuan
Shi Kai can keep China from the en-
joyment of her liberty"? Never!
Where is the secret of all these won-
ders"? Friends, there is always a cause
for such magnificent results, and do We
not find it right here in the marvelous
teachings and the spiritual counsels of
the Bahai Movement, as we call it-,
which, after listening to the Words of
the Bab and Baha'o '1lah, today is listen-
ing to the words of Abdul-Baha? Sub-
jectively the heart of humanity has
been quickened by these expressions.
Do you remember one of the things
said in America just recently by Abdul-
Baha when he was here in San Fran-
cisco? He said: "Between 1860 and
1865 you did a wonderful thing; you
knocked the shackles from chattel
slavery; but today you must do a much
more wonderful thing: you must de-
stroy mdiastrial slavery. 
Does not that one Word put us here
in the center of this great Exposition,
which is the very spirit of progress"? I
am reminded of Abdul-Baha's words
every time I come on these grounds.
You remember at the Scott Street en-
trance the great Fountain of Energy,
symbolic of all the activities of the
present day, and directly opposite, on
the Marina, the Column of Progress,
designed by Hermon MacNeil, the fig-
ure of the archer shooting across the
Pacific to the shores of the Orient"?
What does Abdul-Baha say? "Today
the Orient and the Occident must join
hands, so that the Occident will give to
the Orient its organizing spirit, its
business spirit, its power of creating
material civilization; and the Orient
will give to the Occident in turn the
spiritual power and riches that enable
all these things to become facts." And
so there is the archer shooting across
the Pacific. What is it he symbolizes'?
Is it not the wonderful wireless that
moves over the universe- today, and
that moves not only through the outer
mechanism of the ether, but through
the more marvelous inner mechanism
of mind to mind, and heart to heart,
that is uniting mankind today in spite
of this war"? Perhaps you remember
one of Abdul-Baha's utterances in re-
gard to the War. He said; "Such

