102 STAR OF
come immersed- in the ocean of God's
forgiveness.
God be praised! Strong love is pro-
duced between Germany and Islam. The
Islamic world is in love with the Ger-
manic world. The former loves exceed-
ingly, the latter.
"What a good friendship is produced!
We hope that this love and friendship
THE WEST
will give rise to great results, that it
will influence o-thers (nations) also.
"By the grace of God, we are Well and
happy. We hope that you are happy
too. Your postal cards were received. As
they bear the glad-tidings of your good
health, they became the cause of our
delight and joy. May peace be upon
you!"
ADDRESS DELIVERED AT 1252 EIGHTH STREET, N. W.
(Continued from page ninety-nine)
hundred policemen were appointed to go
in search of him. If they had succeeded
in catching him, they would not have
killed him at once. Nay rather, they
would have cut his flesh into pieces: to
force him to tell them the secrets of
Baha/o'llah. But Isfandiar with the ut-
most dignity used to Walk in the streets
and bazaars. One day he came to us.
Mother, sister and I had a place near a
corner, because they frequently injured
us. We said: must go to a place
where they do not know us." I was a
child at that time. At midnight Isfandiar
came in. Mother said: Isfandiar,
there are a hundred policemen seeking
after you. If they catch you they will
not kill you at once, but they will tor-
ture you with fire. They -cut oflf
your fingers. They Will cut your ears.
They will put out your eyes, to force you
to tell them the secrets of Bal1a'o']lah,
you who are the servant of Baha.'o'llah.
Go away; do not stay here." He said,
cannot go, because I a.m indebted in
the street and in the stores. How can
I go"? They will say that the servant of
Baha'o'llah has eaten and devoured the
property of the people. Unless I pay
all these debts, I cannot go. But, if they
take mind. If they kill me-
never mind. If they punish me, there
is no harm in that. But to go away is
impossible. I must strive and pay all
my debts. Then I will go." For one
month Isfandiar Went about in the streets
and bazaars. He had things to sell and
from his earnings he used to pay his
debts. In fact, they were not his debts,
but the debts o-f the court, for they had
confiscated our properties. Everything
We had was taken away from us. The
only thing that remained was our debts.
He paid all our debts; not a single
penny remained unpaid. Then he came
to us and said "Good-bye!" and went
away. Afterwards Baha'o_'llah was re-
leased from prison. We Went to Bag-
dad, and Isfandiar came there. He
wanted to stay in the same home, and
Baha'o'llah the Blessed Perfection said:
"I/Vhen you fled away there Was a Per-
sian minister who gave you shelter, at
a time when no one else could give you
protection. Because he did give you
shelter and protect you, you must be
faithful to him. If your master is sat-
isfied, then come to us; but if he does
no-t Want you to go, do not be separated
from him." His master said: do
not Want to be separated from Isfandiar.
Where can I find another like him, With
such sincerity, such faithfulness, such
character, such power? VVhere can I
find one? O, Isfandiar! I am not willing
that you should go, yet if you wish to go,
let it be according to your OW11 Will."
But because the Blessed. Perfection had
said, "You must be faithful," Isfandiar
stayed with his master until he died. He
was a point of light! Although his color
was black, yet his character was lumi-
nous, his mind was luminous, his face
was luminous. Truly, he was a point of
light.
Then it is evident that excellence does
not depend upon color. Character is the
true criterion of humanity. Anyone

