STAR OF THE WEST 135
complished and this failure would
Weaken the Cause of God.
[Translated 1908.]
In reality, the radiant, pure hearts are
the Mashrak-el-Azkar and from them the
voice of supplicatio-n and invocation con-
tinually reaches the Supreme Concourse.
I ask God to make the heart of -every
one of you a temple of the divine Tem-
ples and to let the lamp of the Great
Guidance be lighted therein. And, when
the hearts find such an attainment, they
will certainly exert the utmost endeavor
and energy in the building of the Mash-
rak-el-Azkar. Thus may the outward
express the inward and the form (or let-
ter) indicate the meaning (or reality).
[Translated May 21, 1908.]
His honor . . . . presented the map
of the land of the Mashrak-el-Azkar on
the day of the declaration of His holi-
ness the Supreme (the Bab). Great joy
was obtained thereby and with the great-
est care it was considered. It is indeed a
delightful spot Worthy of this edifice and
building. However, it must be enlarged
yet a little more, so that spacious ground
around the Mashrak-el-Azkar may afford
ample room for a rose garden.
Thank God! the people of God made
such a sincere resolution and exerted such
a great effort. It is hoped that all the
friends and the maid-servants of the
Merciful, from all regions and directions,
will assist the erection of this building,
so that in a short time a Wonderful edi-
fice may arise in the name of God and
prove the reason whereby the people
may examine and investigate the Cause
of God a.nd seek the divine teachings.
The Mashrak-el-Azkar, though out-
wardly a material foundation, is pos-
sessed of spiritual effect and causes the
union of hearts and the gathering of
souls.
In the days of the Manifestation, any
city, wherein a Temple was founded, af-
forded the means of promulgation (of
the Cause) and the confirmation of the
hearts and the confidence of souls, for
in those dwellings the Name of God is
ever mentioned and always commemor-
ated. And, for the tranquillity and re-
pose of the hearts, there is no other
means save the commemoration of al-
mighty God.
Praise be to God! The erection of the
Mashrak-el-Azkar has a great effect in
all grades (or states). It was tested in
the east and so, evidently and plainly,
was it proved. Even When in a village a
house was called the Mashrak-el-Azkar,
it possessed a different effect. How
much more its building and organization 
Therefore, ye friends and maid-
scrvants of the Merciful! As long as
ye can, endeavor with life and heart, so
that the Mashrak-el-Azkar of Chicago
may soon be built, organized and con-
firmed.
If all the friends in America, in all
cities and hamlets, assist and by the
means of a building commission help,
this offering prove most acceptable
in the Kingdom of the Sun of the Hori-
zons.
God! God! Verily, I implore
Thee with throbbing heart and streaming
tears to aid every one who endeavors for
the erection of this edifice, in the build-
ing of a house, wherein Thy Name is
mentioned every morn and eve.
Lord! Send down Thy benediction
upon whosoeverserved this edifice and
endeavored in its uprising among the
sects and religions, and confirm him in
every good of mankind; open the doors
of riches and wealth unto him and give
in heritage the treasures of the Kingdom
which perish not; make him the sign of
giving among the people and reinforce
him. by the Sea of Generosity and
Bounty, which is surging with the Waves
of grace and favor.
Verily, Thou art the Generous, the
Merciful, the Bountiful!
[Translated July 4, 1908.]
The believers of God in America, one
and all, must unitedly make an efiort,
so that the Temple of God will be built
in Chicago, then, afterwards, it will be
built in other localities. . . .

