swan or THE 55
Working in the advanced girl students as
teachers."
The friends and patrons of the so-
ciety will realize herein opportunities
for service in a most effective manner,
and it is hoped that the work of the
society may be continued uninter-
ruptedly, and its influence increased.
Joseph H. Havmen, Exec. Sec'y.
Brief History of the Mashrak-el-Azkar in America
(Continued from page fifty-three)
this temple is not yet started or engaged
in, if there be the founding of a second
temple undertaken, neither of the two
would be accomplished, and this failure
would Weaken the Cause."
Mr. Mountfort Mills received a tablet
from Abdul-Baha saying: "The Mash-
rak-el-Azkar of Chicago is of the greatest
importance. This is a Bahai temple, a
supreme house of worship, a place of
spiritual gathering and of the manifesta-
tion of divine mysteries. The friends of
God must endeavor with all their hearts
and souls that this structure may be
raised and completed."
The Center of the Covenant has writ-
ten: "One must first grasp those affairs
which will make growth '(in the Cause)
and also be /in time and season."
From the foregoing quotations it is
manifest that the Mashrak-el-Azkar is
founded on the "Rock of Ages," the
eternal Word of God, as to its object,
location and appropriate time for its
erection.
A brief sketch of the work accom-
plished may prove interesting:
In the spring of 1907 while Messrs.
Chase, Agnew and Scheffler were in the
prison home of Abdul-Baha, he said to
them: "Concerning the temple, the
Mashrak-el-Azkar, it is a very important
matter, the most important thing now in
America is the building of the temple.
You and your friends must endeavor in
this matter. This building will be the
cause of the confirmation of the believers.
It has a great effect because it is the be-
ginning of the foundation. After cen-
turies it is not so important as it is now,
but now it is very important. At first
they build the temple and worship in it
and grow. In past times they could not
build it so outwardly. This building will
be the cause of unity and prosperity of
the Cause. The unity comes from every
part the believers will assist. This is a
heavenly society and also it will be the
cause of strength. The believers will get
blessings and bounties. It cannot be com-
pared with the church of the old time.
You have only to begin, everything will
be all right."
VVhen this message was brought back
to America a new activity in the Mash-
rak~el-Azkar result-ed throughout the
country and contributions from various
assemblies and individuals were received.
A convention was called for November
26, 1907, to be held in Chicago. This was
the first Mas-hrak-el-Azkar convention,
regarding which Abdul-Baha wrote to
Mr. Charles Sprague: "Thou hast writ-
ten concerning the organization of a
council for the building of the Mas=hrak-
el-Azkar. This news brought much spirit
and fragrance, for the nine delegates sent
by the various assemblies gathered in
that meeting and consulted concerning
the building of the Mashrak-el-Azkar."
Several possible tracts of land on both
the so-uth and north sides of the city had
been investigated, as Abdul-Baha had said
to a pilgrim that it must be near the lake.
The morning of the day of November 26,
1907. the delegates visited the south side
tract, noting carefully the surroundings,
returning to the home of Mrs. Grace
Foster for a sumptuous (Thanksgiving
day) feast, prepared in the name of
the Center of the Covenant by the Chi-
cago maid-servants. It was at first
feared that such a feast of good things
had incapacitated the delegates to visit

