STAR OF THE WEST 61
other Words, the text means that al-
though the people possessed external
eyes, yet the insight, or the sight of the
soul was blind although the corporeal ear
heard, yet the hearing of the spirit was
deaf; though they possessed hearts, they
were Without illumination; and the. boun-
ties of his holiness Christ saved those
souls from these conditions. Thus it is
evident that the manifestation of the
Messiah was synonomous with universal
mercy. His providence was universal
and his teachings were for all. His lights
were for everybody. Every "Christ"
came for the -earthof mankind. There-
fore we must investigate: the foundation
of the divine religion and find it and re-
instate it and spread it broadcast in the
World, so that it may become the cause
of illumination of the world; that the
dead may become alive, and the blind
seeing, and the inattentive attentive.
Each one of the divine religions is
divisible into two departments. One de-
partment is spiritual in nature, such as
faith in God, faith in Christ, faith in
Moses, faith in Abraham, faith in Mo-
hammed, the love of God, the oneness of
the world of humanity. These shall be
spread throughout the World. This
strife and sedition shall disappear. This
ignorance and inadvertence and these
quarrels shall cease, and all the human
race shall be bound together. The sec-
ond department or division, which is
non-essential, concerns the world of
bodies, concerns transactions. It is
non-essential or accidental. Seen in af-
fairs it is subject to changes and trans-
formations according to the exigency of
the time and place. For example, the
question of divorce, at the time of Moses
it was permitted, but during the time of
Christ it was not permitted, therefore
Christ made it unlawful. For example,
there are in the Torah ten command-
ments concerning retribution for mur-
der. . .. . And now the religions have
forsaken the department which is es-
sential, which has to do with the life of
the human World, the life which is last-
that is the love of God, faith
in God, philanthropy, knowledge, per-
ception, theseare held to
be accidental and they squabble over
the question as to Whether divorce is
lawful or unlawful. The Jews consider
it lawful and the Catholic religion says
it is unlawful, therefore, they quarrel.
Now what is the basic foundation?
His holiness Christ said in the Gospel:
W'hosoever smites thee on the right
cheek, turn to him the other also. Con-
sider what is going on now in the Balk-
ans. What relation is there between
the teachings of Christ and what is hap-
pening there? Wfhat relation is that
which man has absolutely forgotten?
For the mooted question as regards their
quarreling and disputing belongs to the
department which is accidental and of
no importance. W'e therefore must set
aside all these blind imitations and in-
ve-stigatereality, and reality is one, it
does not accept of multiplicity at all,
and there is no doubt through that con-
ception we shall be unified.
In the orient, darkness was brewing
and all the religions were submerged in
the ocean of blind imitation. There was
no trace of the foundation of the divine
religion. Therefore, because the blind
imitations were various, the people were
hostile and inimieal; rancor and sedi-
tion Were rampant, and battling and
quarreling were continuous; blood over-
spread the eastern horizon. In place of
religion being the cause of fellowship,
it was the cause of hatred; in lieu of re-
ligion being the cause of unity, it proved
to be the cause of discord, reaching that
degree wherein there was warfare and
strife, even as in the Balkans at the pres-
ent time. The present existing religion
in the Balkans imagines that the basis
of divine religion means warfare. If
the adherents of one religion endeavor
to eradicate and erase the other religion,
the adherents of both religions try to
(Continued on page sixty-four)

