STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
ulled it shall he these fruitless stnfes;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences 0 race ann . 0 
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VI Azamat 1, 71 (May 17, 1915) No. 4-
Ceremonies at the Ofiicial Reception given to the
International Bahai Congress
by the Directorate of the Panama-Pacific International Exposition
in Festival Hall, Exposition Grounds
Saturday, April Z4, 1915, 10 a. m.
Representing the P. P. I. E. - - Director JOHN A. BRITTON
Chairman of the International Bahai Congress
Reception Committee: -
 HE CHAIRMAN:
19311;, Director ritt 0 n,
members of this com-
mittee, friends of the
International Bahai
Congress: We have
- assembled here this
morning in response
to the Welcome ex-
tended to us by the
president and direc-
tors of the Panama-
Pacific International
Exposition. Mr. John
A. Britton of the EX-
position directorate
is here to receive us. I now present
Director Britton.
DIRECTOR BRITTON Mr. Chair-
man, ladies and gentlemen: One of
the particularly pleasant things Which
We directors have to do at the present
time, and have been doing for some
time past, is the recognition of true
Worth Wherever We find it to exist.

libCHARLES MASON REMEY
Washington, D. C.
It may be accepted as a truism that
those Who are building foundations for
the betterment of the human race,
which are dealing with the social and
economic problems that confront the
people of the World today, are doing
quite as much for the perpetuation of
the betterment of mankind as do those
who build their monuments of steel, of
granite and of marble.
We, of the Exposition family, have
been hard at Work for the past three
or four years, rearing here on these
beautiful grounds the monuments
which stand for the handiwork of man
as representing the arts, the sciences
and the crafts. We have builded these,
not so much for their artistic and arcl1i~
tectural beauty, as We have for the last-
ing effects they will produce upon the
human race and, primarily, for the
purpose of bringing before the peoples
of the World, gathered from its four
corners, the effect upon the masses in
the educational benefits Which will

