74 sraa or THE 
talk in this regard. which no doubt you
will read in its opportune time. You
must know by this time that none of the
letters mailed to Port Said during the
past many months were received by us.
Personally I feel sad because all the
ways of correspondence are closed and
the glad-tidings of the kingdom could not
be sent out or received. Undoubtedly,
there must needs be a wisdom in this
which Will appear later on. God's Ways
are inscrutable and uns-earcha-ble. All
that we can say is: We do not under-
stand. Let His will be done. No doubt
all these turmoils and disturbances are
the result of man 's heedlessness and neg-
ligence, and those who are conversant
with biblical prophecies and their fulfil-
ment in these days, do not need any other
proof.
Praise be to G-od! that Abdul-Baha is
quite well. After many months of stay
in Abou Senan the holy family and the
friends are back in Haifa and the Be-
loved at the present time is passing quite
peaceful days with them. There are no
tablets to be written, no pilgrims to meet
and talk to and no strenuous outward
activities. Our days are like a calm,
limpid stream, flowing smoothly and
with no inundation. The a 
like the mirror, is silver-like and
clear. Now and then he delivers an in-
formal talk or discusses in a heart-to-
heart manner on the beauty and advan-
tage of love and amity. These thoughts
are the dancing ripples of light which
appear on the stream to delight our eyes
and enrapture the ears. We are happy
to be in his neighborhood during these
crucial months of the history of mankind
and watch daily his acts of charity and
hear his words o-f loving kindness. He
is always doing some good and is ever
ready to go to the help of the needy
and those who are in want. He often
remembers his many trips to and through
Chicago and reviews for the benefit of
the friends the many meetings held in
your house and other places. The mem-
ory of his tour in the United States, the
devotion and sincerity of the friends,
the reception given to him by the
churches and meetings, the inspiration
and satisfaction of the services rendered
at the threshold of the Almighty form a
great consolation in these days of in-
activity. He often prays for the spiritual
success and- prosperity of the believers
and hopes they will embody in their lives
the ideal principles of Truth.
I am thinking of the friends of Chi-
cago. Their kindness to me will never
be for-gotten. Day and night I pray that
they may arise with great-er zeal and en-
thusiasm in the promotion of the Word
of God.
Please give them my sincere greeting.
I hope that a day may come when I may
have the pleasure and privilege of meet-
ing them again.
I am as ever, your faithful brother,
(Signed) Ah.ma,d.
Home of Abdul-Baha,
Mt. Carmel, Haifa, Syria.
July 4, 1915.
Mr. Arthur E. Lunt, Boston.
My very dear brother:
This being your fourth day of July,
no doubt America is holding a national
holiday to praise God, the author of their
blessings and the sustainer of their in-
dependence. Long may that land be
bright with freedo-m's holy ligh-t! In
prostrated attitude and agonizing despair
the embattled legions of Europe and the
countless hosts 0-f Asia look toward Amer-
ica to behold the rays of hope. They
are straining their ears to hear the voice
of love and peace. The United States, as
a racial and religious composite photog-
rapher, has demonstrated to the whole
world by keeping peace and goodwill
amongst its heterogeneous population
that the idea of the b-rotherhood of man
is not an utopia, but an actual reality.
With the dynamic force of the "New
Dispensation" she must become the lead-
er o-f this hotly-waged crusade for inter-
national arbitration and the universal
Court of Justice. This will be the crown-
ing glory of America as the benefactor
of the world of humanity.

