128 STAR OF
friend 0-r foe alike and as a result one
finds the wounded German and French
soldiers lying side by side, ea.ch b-eing
nurse-d by the same kind hand. These
divine qualities are the lofty attribute-s
of God, they are unceasing a.nd eternal.
In every age this same spiritual law of
Go-d has been renewed. The necessity
fo-r the renewal is not that these teach-
ings have entirely disappeare-d' from the
world, but that man has lo-st the spirit
of them. And when the spirit has de-
part-ed from the essential side of the
word of God, then also the non-essential
side becomes. corrupt and in need of a
change. The world is in this condition
at the present time and again God has
renewed his spiritual l.aw and altered
the material law through the divine in-
strumentation of the Bab, Ba.ha.'o'llah
and Abdul-Bah.a.. Shall we still keep on
suffering or shall we turn to the divine
Letter from India to
Ghatia Azam Khan (U. P., India)
November 5, 1915.
My Dear Brother Latimer;-It made
me so very happy to receive a letter from
you yesterday, enclosing a photograph
of Ab-dul-Baha. I thank you most cor-
dially for the blessed gift. I shall keep
it as a real souvenir of the spirit work-
ing in America, and show it to all the
friends I me-et. This we-ek I also had a
letter from sister Lua (Gets-ing-er) from
Cairo, telling us of the stirring times
she passed through at Haifa. She says
she has also written acco-unts of what
she saw there and sent them to America
and to London. A copy of the London
accounts would probably reach me, but
unless the American article is published
able to see it. It is most heart-1'-ending
to hear that the people there have no
money and no food.
What you say of the work you are all
privileged to do out there in America is
THE WEST
physician and partake of his spiritual
treatment'? The divine healer, Bal1a'o'-
llah ha.s offered the following remedy:
"Ye are all fruits 0-f one tree and leaves
of one branch. ye discerning ones of
the p-eople: Verily the words which have
descended from the heaven of the will of
God are the' source of unity and harmony
fo-r the world. Close your eyes to racial
differences: and welcome- all with the light
of oneness. Be the cause of the comfort
and the advancement of humanity. This
handful of dust, the World, is one home:
let it be in unity. Forsake pride, it is a
cause of discord; f0~llO-W' that which tends
to>> harmo-ny. Co-nso-rt with all the people
with love anld' fragrance. Fellowship is
the -cause of unity and unity is the source
of order in the world."
All other remedies have failed. Shall
we not give this treatment a fair trial?
Mr. George Latimer
very cheering. Even the matters as they
stand with the Cause are not without a
ray of hope, for the da.ys of greatest
hardships have been the days of greatest
progress of the Cause. The news of the
safe arrival of Miss Root in America
was another wo-rd of glad-tidings. We
found her truly what you say of her. She
was such a help and inspiration to the
Cause and the workers in India, being the
embodiment of self-sacrifice. Let us hope
most sincerely that you and Mr. Remey
are coming soon. India is looking with
mo-st eager eyes towards Palestine and
waiting for the light to flood it today
as of yore.
Please convey Abha greetings to
Broth-er Re-mey, Dr. Getsinger, Sister
Lua, Miss Root, Howard Struven, Ze-e-
nat Khanum (Mrs. Bagdadi) and other
friends when you write to them, or meet
them.
Yours sincerely in the service of the
Covenant,
ash/matul-Zah.

