44- STAR OF THE VVEST
about Ezelies, nakazeen, et al., and now we hear that such tablets are used as a
proof of their authority over the friends in those regions. Although the books and
Writings of Abul Fazl are used in many countries as text books, never did he even
give a sign that he was an authority on any subject, consequently the gifts of
God ever increased upon him, since he bore all honors in humility, until he
attained to the supreme nearness.
The ones in real authority are known by their humility and self-sacrifice and
show no attitude of superiority over the friends.
Some time ago a tablet Was Written stating that none are appointed to any
authority to do anything but to serve the Cause as true servants of the friends--
and for this no tablet is necessary; such service when true and unselfish, requires
no announcement, nor following, nor written document.
Let the servant be known by his deeds, by his life!
To be approved of God alone should be one 's aim.
When God calls a soul to a high station, it is because that soul has capacity
for that station as a gift of God, and because that soul has supplicated to be
taken into His service-. No envies, jealousies, calumnies, _slanders, plots, nor
schemes, will ever move God to remove a soul from its intended place, for by the
grace of God, such actions on the pa.rt of the people are the test of the servant,
testing his strength, forbearance, endurance and sincerity under adversity. At
the same time those who show forth envies, jealousies, etc., toward a servant, are
depriving themselves of their own stations, and not another of his, for they
prove by their own acts that they are not only unworthy of to any
station awaiting them, but also prove that they cannot withstand the very first
test--that of rejoicing over the success of their neighbor, at which God rejoices.
Only by such a sincere joy can the gift of God descend unto a pure heart.
Envy closesthe door of Bounty, and jealousy prevents one fro-m ever attain-
ing to the Kingdom of Abha.
No! Before God! No one can deprive another of his rightful station, that
can only be lost by one 's unwillingness or failure to do the will of God, or by
seeking to use the Cause of God for one's own gratification or ambition.
No one save a severed soul or a sincere heart finds response from God. By
assisting in the success of another servant in the Cause does one in reality lay
the foundation for one 's own success and aspirations.
Ambitions are an abomination before the Lord.
How regrettable! Some even use the affairs of the Cause and its activities
as a means of revenge on account of some personal spite, or fancied injury,
interfering with the work of another, or seeking its failure. Such only destroy
their own success, did they know the truth.
Abdul-Baha is the interpreter of the aims, intents, and purposes of the
Words of the Blessed Perfection (Baha'o'llah) and is the interpreter of his own
written words, and none can say that this or that is the intention conveyed
therein, save Abdul-Baha. The spirit of unity exists in the Divine Words, and
one who interprets them in such wise as to create a division and discord is indeed
one who errs.
Were not the Revelation of Baha'o'llah one adaptable to the entire world
and its diverse nations, it could not be a unique and universal Revelation, but
its elasticity adapts itself to all conditions, and its spirit is one that moulds
itself into every vehicle and need for the accomplishment of the divine plan of
unity.

