STAR OF THE WEST 75
It is a very long time, my dear brother,
that I have not heard from you, nor from
the friends of God. My heart is aching
to hear the news and know the details of
the services rendered by your good self
and other equally devoted brothers and
sisters.
In the STAR or THE WEST, No. 16"or
17 (after these two numbers we have
received no other), I read your name as
a speaker at the First International Ba-
hai Congress in San Francisco-. I hope
that in the future it will be my great
pleasure to read a copy of your ad-
dress. . . .
Praise be to God! that the health of
Abdul-Baha is good. He much needed
this rest, but he longs to hear the news
of the friends and look into the shining
faces of the pilgrims. . . .
All the friends here are well and send
you their warmest greeting and saluta-
tion. All o-f us a.re praying for your
success. Often Abdul-Baha speaks about
his spiritual experiences and the glowing
meetings in Boston and Green Acre. He
hop-es and prays that the former may be-
come the rose-garden of Truth and the
latter the elysium o-f heavenly beatitudes.
These two spots were blessed with his
holy presence and many of you heard his
words and utterances. What greater
privilege is conceivable than this! Now
we must put forward extraordinary ef-
fort to serve the holy Cause and teach,
not only by words but by self-sacrificing
deeds and charitable thoughts.
Seldom a day pass-es that I do not
think of you and of my ineffable experi-
ences in Boston and Green Acre. Your
love and kindness is ever remembered.
Please convey my sincere greeting to
all the friends in these two places and
assure them of the love and affection of
the Beloved for each and all.
Hoping to see you and converse with
you as in the olden time, I am as ever,
Your faithful brother,
(Signed) Ahmad.
Home of Abdul-Baha,
Mount Carmel, Haifa, Syria.
July 5, 1915.
Mrs. May Maxwell, Montreal, Canada.
My dear spiritual sister!
Is it not a long, long time that we
have received any news from you? It
seems to me an age. What has caused
this sudden interruption of all corre-
spondence, the unexpected closing of the
wide gate of intellectual and spiritual
association, and the hurried ending of
the chapter of all sweet ideal relations'?
Is it not strange, nay rather a sad com-
mentary on the spirit of our time that
the East is deprived of the glad heart-
uplifting news of the W-est, and the West
has become bereft of the life-imparting
breaths of the holy spirit wafting from
the kingdom of Peace'! It is true that
the ideal tie with which the hearts of the
friends are bound together will not be
broken by these accidental circum-
stances; but it is nevertheless true that
constant co-operation, relation and mu-
tual helpfulness will increase its strength,
durability and solidity. With this point
of view we must ever think of the widen-
ing of the sphere of spiritual and social
relations between the members of the
human commonwealth.
It is no-w about ten months that we
have had no news from the believers in
America nor have I been in a position to
write them about the news o-f the health
and spiritual activities of the Beloved.
Leaving aside the celestial blessings and
benedictions that are vouchsafed to one
by living near the abode of Abdul-Baha,
the only other source of my pleasure
and happiness was the arrival of soul-
clearing news from the western friends.
You do not know how much we all hun-
ger and thirst for this bread and water.
Often I feel extremely sad and unhappy
over all these human misfortunes and
miseries and how all the people are
caught in a mad whirlpool o-f suffer-
ings and trials; but then I realize
my utter helplessness in the face of
all these lofty mountains of hardships.

