STAR OF THE WVEST 13
beyond the confines of Palestine. They
were unable to have the Torah even
spread in any other part, only Pales-
tine; but his holiness Christ caused
the name of Moses to be spread
throughout the world. In Asia and in
Africa and Europe, in most parts of the
world, Judaism became an established
religion amongst the people. Amongst
these continents Asia, which was the
center of Judaism, in all the cities of
Asia the name of Moses was spread.
His holiness Moses was pronounced to
be a prophet of God. His book was
pronounced to be the book of God. And
now this personage is to be considered
as a friend or an enemy of Moses!
Fairness is needed; one must judge
it aright. Had he been an enemy, he
would not have allowed the name of
Moses to be so wide-spread. He Would
not virtually have promulgated the
Torah. Would there have been any
mention of Moses in America? VVho
was instrumental in even the name of
Judaism having come to this part of
the world? It Was through the blessing
of Christianity, undoubtedly. His holi-
ness Moses had no better friend than
his holiness Christ, and no greater
sympathizer than his holiness Christ.
Regard how they conceal reality and
how the illiterate amongst the Israelites
still continue in the delusion that Christ
was an enemy of Moses. Just now all
the Christians do believe in Moses.
They declare that Moses was the inter-
locutor of God; he was a prophet of
God, a man of God, that his book was
the book of God and that the prophets
of Israel were all valid and true, that
the people of Israel were the people of
God. They ofier such unlimited praises,
unlimited eulogy, such unlimited love.
What harm comes from this"? And
what if the Jews should say that Christ
was also the Word of God; that he was
the Spirit of God? What harm could
there be in this"! Just a few words.
These few words will be the cause of
reconciling the Christians and the Jews.
The C'hristians do believe in Moses.
They believe in the book of Moses.
What harm have they received from
that belief Have they lost anything
by it?
In answer to all these questions, the
Rabbi answered, "No. 
Then I said: \/Vhat harm comes from
an attitude of the Jews similar to that
of the Christians, if they shall declare
that Christ was the Word of God, that
the Gospel is the Word of God? By
such an attitude as this the enmity of
many, many centuries will pass away.
I declare that verily Moses was the
prophet of God; that his book was the
book of God. Does that harm my re-
ligious standpoint? Not at all. No
harm comes to your religious stand-
point if you declare that Christ was the
Word of God. Furthermore, every na-
tion in the world is proud of its great
men and heroes. They, the heroes or
great men, might have been atheists or
agnostics. Today France glories in
Napoleon Bonaparte, saying: "He was
a French military genius," whereas he
was a tyrant; "Voltaire was ours,"
whereas he was an atheist; "Rousseau
was a great man of ours," whereas he
was an irreligious man. They are proud
of them, and they have feasts commem-
orating them; they have adorned spe-
cial days or places for them. They have
music in their honor. They have com-
memorations in their behalf. They are
proud of them: "Rousseau was ours!"
And now, do you consider such great
men, these great men of France-- I
asked of this Rabbi--to be greater than
the person of Nazareth, Jesus Christ?
It is self-evident that in comparison
with Jesus Christ they are as nothing.
Consider the grandeur and majesty of
Jesus, and that of such men as were
mentioned. Consider him from the
standpoint of fame and name, and co11-
sider the others from the same stand-
point. Where is the station of Christ,
and where is theirs? What relation is
there? Incomparable! What harm
(Continued on page sixteen)

