STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter A1>ril9, 1911, at the post office at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Editorfalsiaf: ALBERT R. ZIA M. BAGDADII
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Terms: $1.50 per year;1O cents per copy
Note--Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to News P, 0. Box 283, Chicago, 111,, U, S. A.
To personal checlts please add sullicienl cover the bani: exchangeAddress all communications to Baum News SERVICE, P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, 
TABLET FROM 
thou Star of the West! HE IS cool 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which I5 organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_1s small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the frlends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena. will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will he raised and become world-wicle--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmnl-Y8,
firmness! (Signed) Arms.
Yo-l.iYl Kalarnat 1, 71 (July 13, l9l5) if N0. 
Persian-American Educational Society
 VVORK of the Persian-Ameri
can Educational Society continues
as heretofore, and through the
courtesy of M. Eshte'al-Ebn Kalanter,
the private banking facilities of the Per-
sian Legation have been made available
for the transfer of funds to Tehcran. In
this Way recent drafts have been safely
transmitted, and another remittance is
being made up to be forwarded as soon
as the funds shall have been assembled.
Dr. Susan I. Moody Writes from Te-
hcran, telling of al plan to create a build-
ing fund by setting aside any margin
which may accrue after deducting from
the scholarship fund of $18.00 per an-
num, the actual expenses of tuition,
books, etc. To- this will be added such
special amounts as the American friends
may contribute from time to timer. Of
course, as heretofore, those who send
money for clothing for their protegcs
may be assured of its being applied in
that direction. The following quotation
from Dr. Moody 's letter may be of gen-
eral interest:
"You might mako known the fact of
building fund, and others may Wish to
subscribe various sums. This year nine
of the American boy pupils received
sixth grade certificates from the univer-
sity. In all forty-three boys passed.
"From the Girls' Tar-bict, twelve girls
received the same certificate. "Te are
very proud of tlicm, as they have had so
few years of preparation.
"We are also examining in my home.
all the advanced girls who have com-
pleted the first and second courses in
their study of the R.evelat.ion. We take
them in small groups by request of the
Spiritual Assembly. They are given
simple gifts, as a. pen-
holder; a ticket bearing their name and
stamped by the Mahfil Dars Aklagh;
once We added a. printed telegram from
Abdul-Baha; another time one of Mr.
R-e1ney's illuminated cards; again, a
photographic copy of a. holy tablet.
Miss Kappes loans out a. beautiful gold
medal sent by Miss Holmes, which is
Worn by each graduate in turn during
one session of class. Vile serve sherbet
and tea, the pupils chant prayers and
poems from memory and the atmosphere
is just What one desires, nearnoss to
each other and to the Beloved.
"Dr. Clock and Miss Kappes are in-
in establishing centers to teach
married Women to read and Write, and

