STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearbom Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as lecond-class matter April 9, 1911, at the pout ofiice at Chicano. Illinois, under the Act of March 3. 1879.
EditorialStafl: ALBERT R. BAIGDAD-P
Honorary Member: Mrnza Sonnan 
Terms: 50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Noh--Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to NEWS P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill" U, S. A.
To personal checlu plezne add sufliclenl to covet the ban]: exchangeAddress all communications to Bum! News Simvicn, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the Westl ma IS cop! 
Be thou happy! 'Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy-voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the wavespf the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide-and at lalt
thou, shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these _den=nd 1'5f'mM-T-4'. firmmw.
firmness! (S ed) Annut. Anna.
1912. 
Vol. VI Kudrat 1, p71 (November 4, 191,5)  N0. 13
185O--Arthur P. Dodge--l9l5
A pioneer of the Bahai Cause in America. has passed to the life beyond. The
name of Arthur Pillsbury Dodge will ever be associa-ted with its development in
the Western world, for he was an active worker and Well known. In its memorial
issue, the STAR on THE WEST plans to mention his services in the Cause he loved.
On behalf of the Bahais everywhere, we extend heartfelt sympathy to the
bereaved.
--The ditors.

ARTHUR P. DODGE DEAD, AFTER
VARIED CAREER.
Lawyer, Inventor, Publisher, Author and
Student of Religion Succumbs
Sixty-five.
Arthur Pillsbury Dodge, lawyer, in-
ventor, publisher, and member of the
bars of New York, New Hampshire, Illi-
nois, and Massachusetts, died October
12th at his home in Freeport, L. I., in
his sixty-sixth year. He was born in
Enfield, N. H., and was at direct descend-
ant of Simon Dodge, who came to this
country from England in 1630. Mr.
Dodge educated himself, and was ad-
mitted to the bar of Massachusetts in
1879, and for a time was attorney for
Mary Baker G. Eddy, at that time an
apostle of Phineas Parker Quimby, the
founder of Christian Science.
In 1886 Mr. Dodge founded The New
England Magazine, and later founded
The Bay State and The Gmnite
State Dr. Edward Everett
Hale and William Dean Howells were
both associated with Mr. Dodge in these
enterprises-.
In 1892, Mr. Dodge went to Chicago
and was admitted to the bar of Illinois
and became interested with the late
George M. Pullman and devoted his
time to the development of the Dodge
System of Stored Heat Motive Power.
Later he founded the Kinetic Power
Company, the Dodge Motor Company,
and the Kinetic Manufacturing Com-
any.

