STAR or THE 99
was a villager of lowly type, and
that selfsame Mary, the Magda.len,
was changed and became the means of
conferring confirmation upon the dis-
ciples. Verily she served the Kingdom
of God in such Wise as to render herself
well-known and oft-mentioned by the
tongues of men. She .is shining even to-
day from the horizon of eternal majesty.
Consider ho-W colossal is the bounty of
God. A Woman such as Mary Magdalene
God selected to be the channel of -con-
firmation of the disciples, and a light of
nearness in His Kingdom. Consequently
trust ye in the bounty and grace of God,
and rest assured in the bestowals of
God's eternal outpouring. I am hopeful
that each one of you may become a shin-
ing light, even as these electric lights
are now shining. Nay rather, may each
one of you become a luminary like unto
a sparkling star in the heaven of His
good will. This is my supplication at
the throne of God. This is my hope
through the favors of Baha'o'llah. In
behalf of all of you I offer this supplica-
tion, and with a contrite heart do I beg
for you assistance and eternal bestowal.
ADDRESS DELIVERED AT 1252 EIGHTH STREET, N. W.,
NOVEMBER 10, 1912.
Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi, interpreter; stenographic notes by Mr. Joseph H. Hannen.
HIS is a beautiful assembly. This
I is a very goo-do assembly. I am
very happy that the whites and
the colored are together. This is the
cause of my happiness, for you are all
the servants of one God, and all are
brothers, sisters, mothers and fathers.
In the sight of God there is no white and
there is no colored. In the sight of Go-d
all are as one. Any one whose heart is
pure is dear to God, whether white or
colored, red or yellow. Among the va-
rious animals there are colors. Among
the doves that you see, _some are white,
some black, some yellow, red; but, not-
withstanding this, they are in the utmost
happiness and fellowship with each
other. There is no distinction whatever,
because they are all doves. Now you
all are human. The doves understand
that there is no distinction between their
colors. Therefore they live together in
the utmost fellowship. Man is intelli-
gent and thoughtful; he has powers of
mind. Why, then, should he be bound
by distinction of color or race? There
is no sheep which says to the other: 
am white!" or "You are black, and I
am brown." Nay rather, they graze to-
gether in the utmost love, live together
in the utmost unity and.happiness. How
can man be limited by colors? 'What
are colors, anyway? The important
thing is that in reality all are human.
All are one progeny of Adam. Inas-
much as they are all one family, why
should they be separated?
Ihad a servant who was colored; his
name was Isfandiar. If a perfect man
could be found in the world, that man
was Isfandiar. He was the essence of
lo-ve radiant with sanctity and perfec-
tion. He was luminous like unto this
light. Whenever I think of Isfandiar I
am moved to tears, although he passed
away fifty years ago. He was the faith-
ful servant of Baha'o'llah. He was en-
trusted with the secrets of Baha'o'llah.
The shah of Persia especially wanted
him because he knew the secrets of
Baha'o'llah; therefore the shah wanted
him very much and inquired continually
as to his whereabouts. His holiness
Baha'o'llah was in prison; but the shah
of Persia had appointed several persons
to find Isfandiar. Perhaps more than a
(Continued on page 102)

