STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and diiferences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless striies
these ruinous wars shall pass away. and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VI Eizzat 1, 71 (September 8, 1915) No. 10
Recent letters from Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
to Bahais in Americas'
Home of Abdul-Baha,
Mount Carmel, Haifa, Syria,
July 1, 1915.
Mrs. Corinne True, Chicago.
My dear sister in the Faith!
The spirit Suggests to me to write you
a letter and convey to you the news of
the good health of Abdul-Baha and those
who moth-like fly around this divine
candle.>> For the last ten months We have
received not one letter from America nor
under the present circumstances have I
been ab-le to mail to the Bahai World the
spiritual words and advice as well as the
description of the selfless deeds and di-
vine actions of the Beloved. Thus from
an external and superficial standpoint
We have been separated from each other,
but from the ideal standpoint our re-
lations were not interrupted in the least.
There is no separation for those who are
engaged in the services of the Cause.
They may not hear from each other, but
their hearts are united, their altruistic
aims are for the moral illumination of
their fellowmen and their highest desire
is to serve in an effective manner the re-
ligion of Truth.
We are Waiting patiently to hear the
results of the First International Bahai
Congress and the progress of the Mash-
rak-el-Azkar. "Te read its preliminary
program in the STAB or run Wnsr.
After that We have received no more in-
formation. Abdul-Baha gave a stirring
FROM MR. I-IANNEN.
Dear brother Windust:
At the suggestion of Mirza. Ahmad Sohrab,
from whom I have heard two or three times
recently, I give you below extracts from his
letters to me covering matters of general inter-
est, and also information concerning his cor-
respondence with others. It is suggested that
you obtain from several or all to whom he
has also written recently, extracts from his
letters, the whole or a. compilation to be pub-
lished in the STAR OF THE WEST from time to
time as current news from Haifa. It would
appear that communication has again been
established with that city; and of course it goes
without saying that t-he friends W111 be most
interested in all news concerning Abdul-Baha.
and his servants who are privileged to be near
him in these days. If I can be of any further
service in this matter, pray command me.
On July 8, 1915, Mirza Ahmad Sohrab writes:
"According to Abdul-Bahafs suggestion, I am
writing a series of short letters to the different
believers of the west, giving the news of his
health. . . . I wonder whether all these
letters will be received by the different indi-
viduals. Will you and brother Windust see to
it general portions of these letters deal-
ing with the teachings and the health of Abdul-
Baha. are reproduced in one_ or two numbers of
the STAR or THE This is very important.
"Abdul-Baha is quite well, spending most of
his time with the members of the holy family
and enjoying a much-needed rest in these last
years of his life. A few days ago a. pilgrim
arrived from Bagdad. It had taken him -fifty
days for the journey. He is an old resident
of Bagdad, but a. Persian by birth. Another
incident worth relating is the arrival of our
Persian students from the American College in
Beirut. Their presence has given us a. new
zest of life. They chant and sing, and are full
of activity.
"Very few things happen in these parts, and
from a spiritual standpoint, except Abdul-Baha-
and his work and deeds and words, there is
nothing worth recording. It is his love and
grace that keeps us awake and alive."
Faithfully yours,
Joseph H. Hannen.

