sran or THE wast 29
every one present today when I say
that the Words spoken by Director
Britton strike a sympathetic chord in
the heart of each one of us.
Director Britton, your words shall re-
echo over a greater arena than you can
estimate. On behalf of the Bahais here
assembled, and of those throughout the
world, on behalf of that humanity
which is looking upwards, We accept
this token with deep appreciation and
sincere gratitude.
I am sorry that I have not the ability
to amplify the text that Director Brit-
ton has so aptly outlined for us; but
the more frequently We visit this EX-
position, just the more persistently and
irresistibly Will the thought be brought
home that the dominant appeal Which
it makes is for a recognition of the in-
tercommunion and the interdependence
of the peoples of the World.
Today, these facts are 
with an urgency and a significance be-
fore which utterance itself seems dumb,
and a tribute of silence is the only rec-
ognition Which it appears desirable to
offer. Thus interpreted, this simple
ceremony carries with it a relationship
to the oncoming future which the
fretted limitations of the present seem
reluctantly to concede.
'Within a few days our Western eyes
will be permitted to gaze upon that
honored relic, the Liberty Bell, Whose
sounding notes awoke the great dawn
of the natal day of the nation.
Time has enshrined those memories
with a wondrous heritage. No one na-
tion, however, expresses the fullness of
humanity.
This humble bronze is symbolic of a
broader measure, the token of that
birthmark which divinity has predes-
tined to herald not merely the birth
and growth of a nation, but that uni-
versal manhood which a unified hu-
manity alone can consummate. Thus
dedicated, this token shall start upon
its mission. It Will travel to the la.nd
of the cradle song, Where shepherds
Watched their flocks by night. Carmel
will learn of it; Nazareth will hear of
it; a11d, as the messenger who bears it
speeds onward, the rippling Waves of
the tideless sea shall sound in his ears,
and his feet shall be moistened with
the dews of Lebanon. It will halt in
the Great Prison, and there, in its tri-
umph, the forty years of servitude will
become as a dream in the night. It Will
voyage to India; there the mysterious
Parsee, the haughty Brahmin, the Won-
dering Hindu, Will become one, as it
tells its story. To China, to Japan, to
Africa, to the Isles of the Sea, far away
to distant Ishkabad, it will be even as
a star to the caravan; and to the bro-
ken brotherhood of Europe, to the Slav
and the Teuton, the Moslem and the
Allies, it will tell of a better and a
brighter day, of a kindlier and a
nobler kinship. And, sir, When at last
its mission is complete, it will come
back to rest- beneath that dome Where
a unified humanity shall make men-
tion of God; the Mashrak-el-Azkar.*
The bell, in its mission, sounded the
liberty of the nation. This, in its ful-
ness, tells of the freedom of the World.
This may seem a measure too broad, an
estimate too great, but it could not be
otherwise, for it bears the Bahai mes-
sage of unity, not that all men are
equal, but that the crown of humanity
rests upon the head of every man alike.
In that birthmark there is nothing in-
ferior, there is nothing superior. This
is the reality of man, and that reality
is the throne of the divine manifesta-
tion, and to every soul it is permitted
to look Within himself and see therein
that reality, powerful, mighty, and
supreme.
The Bahai message claims and
teaches that such is man 's right of self-
appraiseinent. Further, to concede that
appraisement to his fellow-man is to
admit in both the possession of that
common reality which confirms the di-
*The Bahai Temple of Unity to be
erected in Chicago.

