STAR or THE 159
Letters from the Orient
Received by MISS MARTHA L. ROOT
Tanta, Egypt, Nov. 24, 1915.
Dear Baliai sister, Miss Root:--Yes-
terday morning I found upon my desk,
after the first hour in the morning, a
packet of letters, I knew, at a glance,
to be from America. I welcomed them,
because certainly they came from some
friend, otherwise there is no connection
between an occidental and an oriental.
like my poor self, unless it be a spiritual
relation. I found printed on the en-
velopes the name of Miss Root. I felt a
great pleasure, a pleasure beyond my
expression. I remained the whole day
joyous, happy and cheerful.
Yes, my dear sister, I was glad to
know that you arrived home again safe-
ly, from your spiritual tour around the
world, in these dangerous days. I felt
that I was with you all the time I was
reading your fragrant and spiritual let-
ter. Indeed we still remember the few,
but spiritual days, when you adorned
our meeting and stirred our spirits. We
hope and pray for the blessed days, in
which we see an occidental friend
among us, be he man or lady. It gives
us more strength to see that the differ-
ences between us have been removed
and that the east and west are being
united in one universal brotherhood for-
ever, through the Cause of the Blessed
Perfection (Baha'o'llah). The first in-
cident that struck me and worked out
my final belief was the sight of some
Europeans and Americans among Egyp-
tians showing towards each other kind-
ness and love that was not known among
them before. I hope, my dear Bahai
sister, and earnestly pray to see new
friends from the east and west. Indeed
this reminds me of the time, when our
beloved Abdul-B-aha was in Egypt,
where there were many friends from all
happiest hours of our
lives. I cannot help weeping whenever
I think of those glorious days. Oh! How
happy, how splendid were those days!
I think you all appreciated them when
Abdul-Baha was among you.
Yes, it is a good plan that we should
correspond with the different centers of
the Bahais in the world. It gives us a
new impulse and pushes us forward on
the road of the Kingdom. Though we
have met and certainly love each other,
yet, when I receive a letter from a friend
in America whom I had not known be-
fore, and in the letter printed tablets,
such as I had from our sister, Irene C.
Holmes of New York, indeed it is a
solid proof of our union in His Greatest
Cause.
On the day I received your two let-
ters and the letter of Miss Irene C.
Holmes containing tablets and printed
notes, and at the same time the STAR or
THE WEST and a. card from Miss I-Iiscox
in Cairo, I could not express my joy in
receiving them at one time. This at-
tracted the notice of one of our col-
leagues who happened not to have heard
anything about the Bahai Movement; he
got interested in the paper of the STAR
or THE and read a great part of
an address of Abdul-Baha. He was
quite pleased with it. . . .
(Later) Today, November 26th, is the
Fete Day of Abdul-Baha. We pray
that God may take away this black cloud
that darkens the horizons of the world
and that people may open their sight
and see the glory of Baha'o'llah and
Abdul-Baha illumining all regions, that
all should become one in faith and that
the Most Great Peace should come.
Yesterday, I received a letter from
Cairo, from Mohamme-d Taki Margosh, in
which he stated that Mrs. Getsinger
went to Alexandria to inquire from the
American S. S., that arrived from Syria,
about the health and conditions of Ab-
dul-Baha and the friends there. She re-

