4-8 A 
heart, and that is for liberty and jus-
tice.
And while you bring all countries
with you, you come with a purpose of
leaving all other countries behind you-
bringing what is best of their spirit, but
not looking over your shoulders and
seeking to perpetuate what you intended
to leave in them.
I certainly would not be one even to
sugges-t that a man cease to love the
home of his birth and the nation of his
origin--these things are sacred and
ought not to be put out of our hearts-
but it is one thing to love the place
where you were born and it is another
thing to dedicate yourself to the place
to which you go.
You cannot dedicate yourself "to
America unless you become in every re-
spect and With every purpose of your
Will thorough Americans. You cannot
become thorough Americans if you think
of yourselves in groups. America does
not consist of groups. A man who thinks
of himself as belonging to a particular
national group in America has not yet
become an American; and the man who
goes among you to trade upon your na-
tionality is no worthy son to live under
the stars and stripes.
My urgent advice to you Would be
not only always to think first of Amer-
ica, but always also to think first of hu-
manity. You do not love humanity if
you seek to divide humanity into jealous
camps. Humanity can be welded to-
gether only by love, by sympathy, by
justice, not by jealousy and hatred.
am sorry for the man who seeks to
make personal capital out of the passions
of his fellow men. He has lo-st the t-ouch
and ideal of America, for America was
created to unite mankind by those pas-
sions which lift and not by the passions
which separate and debase.
We came to America, either our-
selves or in persons of our ancestors, to
better the ideals of men, to make them
see finer things than they had seen be-
THE WEST
fore, to get rid of things that divide,
and to make sure of the things that unite.
It was but an historical accident, no
doubt, that this great country was called
"The United States," and yet I am
thankful that it has the Word "United"
in its title; and the man who seeks to
divide, man from man, gr-o-up fro1n
group, interest from interest in the
United States, is striking at its heart.
It is an interesting circumstance to
me in thinking of those of you who have
just sworn allegiance to this great gov-
ernment that you were drawn across the
ocean by some beckoning finger of hope,
by some belief, by some vision of a new
kind of justice, by some expectation of a
better kind of life.
No doubt you have been disappoint-
ed in some of us. So-me of us are disap-
pointing. No doubt'you have found that
justice in the United States goes only
with a pure heart and a right purpose as
it does everywhere else in the world. No
doubt what you found here did not seem
touched for you, after all, with the com-
plete beauty of the ideal which you had
conceived beforehand.
But remember this, if you had
grown at all poor in the ideal, you
brought some of it with you. A man
does not go out to seek the thing that is
not in him. A man does not hope for
the thing that he does not believe in
and if some of us have forgotten what
America believed in, you, at any rate, im-
ported in your own hearts a renewal of
the belief.
I was born in America. You
dreamed dreams of what America was
to be, and I hope you brought the
dreams with you. No man that does not
see visions will ever realize any high hope
or undertake any high enterprise. Just
because you brought dreams with you,
America is more likely to realize the
dreams such as you brought. You are
enriching us if you came expecting us
to be better than we are.

