90 STAR OF THE WEST
ance of the American Consrul at Haifa. Please ask Dr. Zia to translate it to
Mrs. True and then give it to the STAR or THE Wnsr. I do no-t just yet know
when I shall reach America as I have some work to do in France first. I am
writing an account of my last months with Abdul-Baha and family to Mr. Han-
nen which will probably be sent to all centerssent forth again "to herald The Covenant" by its holy Center, and I
shall do it with his divine assistance better and more powerfully than I have ever
done. . . .
Please say to all the friends that I love them all, and I am ready to 'meet
them in the spirit of the Center of God's holy Covenant which is naught save
pure, spiritual divine love! I wish everybody success in the service of His Great
Cause, and ask them to pray for me--the least and most unworthy of all His
faithful servants. . . .
VVith most sincere Bahai greetings to you and your husband, I am as always,
Yours in the service and love of Abdul-Baha,
(Signed) Lua.
Port Said, Egypt,
Sept. 21, 1915.
Mr. Joseph H. Hannen, Washington, D. C.
My dear Bahai friend:
I arrived here a week ago from the island of Crete, having left Haifa on
our American cruiser, D-es Memes, which brought away fro-m Haifa two hundred
and ninety refugees and myself. I was ready to leave the middle of June on
the U. S. S. Tennessee, but as some of the students in Beyrouth succeeded in
getting away, Abdul-Baha decided that I should stay until later. When the news
filtered through of the possibility of America declaring war, and our gunb-oat
came to the very port of Haifa, he said: "Now is the time for you to go and give
news to the friends in Egypt, Europe and America. It is a long time that they
are without any word, and I desire to send you to them, after which you are
to go and teach." Then he wrote a tablet to the friends in America, gave me
my instructions, and I left. I shall send a photographic copy of the tablet
on the next mail, with a short account of the last few days in Haifa, which were
stirring and moving ones for everybody.
Abdul-Baha was well, though surrounded with the greatest dangers and
difficulties when I left. He left Haifa for Nazareth at no-on, August 29th,
and I sailed the next morning, August 30th. . . . He has been encompassed
by difficulties on all sides for months, and more especially since the locusts came
and destroyed everything, which has caused hundreds to suffer and die from
starvation. We were absolutely without news from any quarter for months,
and greatly wondered why no one from America wrote, as it was the only neutral
country from which news could come. And now that must cease also, as far as
addressing Abdul-Baha is concerned; but I do hope you will try and write

