STAR OF THE WEST 155
3111 Pillsbury Dodge
(Continued from page 163)
A mo-nth or so later a class was started at
the home of Dr. Egbert Guernsey, made
up principally of New Thought people.
In this class, among others, were Mrs.
Mary MacNutt, Annie Boylan and Mrs.
Alice Gibbons. Mrs. MacNutt had been
from the "Doctor' at my father 's rooms
in Ninety-fifth street, and still later did
W. Hooper Harris.
Following the Ninety-fifth street
meetings, my father started other Bahai
meetings in different studios in Carnegie
"Blessing be upon the spirit who departed from the
body purified from the doubts and
superstitions of the nations"
UT concerning that Which thou hast asked about the spirit
and its everlastingness after its ascension, know that it will
ascend at the time of its departure until it enters the presence
of God in a form which, throughout all centuries, times, and
throughout all circumstances and events of the world will remain
unchanged. It will be everlasting as the perpetuity of the King-
dom of God, His Sovereignty, His Power and His Might, and from
it will appear the traces of God, His Qualities, Providences and
Pen cannot move at the mentioning of this Station as
it is in its Supremeness and Exaltation! The hand of the Divine
Bounty will cause it to enter into a -station that cannot be compre-
hended by expression, nor be explained by all the creatures of the
existence.
Blessing be upon the spirit who departed from the body puri-
fied from the doubts and superstitions of the nations. Verily, it
moves in the atmosphere of God's desire, a11d enters into the Su-
preme Paradise.
All the angels of the Supreme Paradise attend and surround
it, and it will have fellowship with all the prophets of God and His
saints, and speak with them and tell them what happened to it in
the Cause of God, the Lord of the Universe. If anyone could
realize what hath been assigned for it in the Kingdoms of God, the
Lord of the Throne and the dust, he would immediately yearn with
a great longing for the Unmovable, Exalted, Hol-y and Abha station!
'o 
studying the Vedanta philosophy, and a
swami was staying at the MacNut't home
at 731 St. Nicholas avenue, New York.
Later Howard MacNutt, who rendered
a most beautiful Bahai service at my
father's funeral, received the Message
Hall, New York. At this time Abdul
Karim and Mirza Serim Moses Raffi
came from first Persians to
come to America to teach the Cause. An-
ton Haddad, a Syrian, had come to
America on business, and was in evi-

