STAR or THE WEST 45
But when some follow merely the hard and fixed letter of the law, they
deprive it (the Revelation) of its elastic quality--the spirit--and endeavor to
convert it into a hard instrument of inflexible qualities.
In this day every one must be tested, as the time of the "chosen ones" to
prove their Worth is indeed very short. The day of attainment is drawing to
a close for them. The "first fruits" must be ripened in spirit, mellowed in love,
and consumed by their self-sacrifice and severance. None other are acceptable as
first fruits, and all who fail to attain to the standard through the tests, are
relegated to the "many who are called."
The more one is severed from the world, from desires, from human affairs,
and conditions, the more impervious does one become to the tests of God. Tests
are a means by which a soul is measured as to itspfitness, and proven out by its
own acts. God knows its fitness; beforehand, and also its unpreparedness, but
man, with an ego, would not believe himself unfit unless proof were given him.
Consequently his susceptibility to evil is proven to him when he falls into the
tests, and the tests are continued until the soul realizes its own unfitness, then
remorse and regret tend to root out the weakness.
The same test comes again in great-er degree, until it is shown that a former
weakness has become a strength, and the power to overcome evil has been
established.
Blessed are they who are the means of making unity among the friends, and
pity on those who in the might or wrong are the cause of discord. For instance:
When one is in the right in a case in dispute, and his minority prevents him
from establishing this rightful matter, instead of agitating the subject, if he
will humbly submit to sacrifice his position for the sake of unity and peace, Crod
will accept that sacrifice and ere long the rightful matter will be established
without any further dispute, by the Divine assistance; whereas without such
sacrifice and submissiveness great harm might ensue.
The friends must be prepared to efface themselves at all times. Seeking the
approval of men is many times the cause of imperiling the approval of God.
The Worst enemies of the Cause are in the Cause and mention the Name
of God. We need not fear the enemies on the outside for such can be easily
dealt with. But the enemies who call themselves friends and who persistently
violate every fundamental law of love and unity, are difficult to be dealt with
in this day, for the mercy of God is still great. But ere long this merciful door
will be closed and such enemies will be attacked with a madness.
It has been a long time since letters have been received from the friends.
Everything is first read by the censor, and all tablets likewise submitted to him,
and as my mail alone would keep him very busy, we make no effort to trouble
him. Tell Ahmad Yazdi not to send any more mail to me under any circum-
stances.
Indeed, I contemplate no journey, for who would look aIter the poor
should I leave here to travel to America or elsewhere?
If you knew what great things would happen to the Cause after my depar-
ture, you would pray every day and night for my release and demise.

