126 STAR or
Abdul-Baha is very healthy. He prays
in behalf of all the Bahais and Wishes
them to Work for goodwill and brother-
hood amongst all the nations. He de-
sires them to display extraordinary ef-
fo-rt in the diffusion of the fragrance of
the love of God and set aglow the fire
of attraction and -enkindlement in the
hearts of all the children of men."
Faithfully yours,
Joseph H. anaen-.
ai-Q
Dear Brother Windust:--From a
postal card, just at hand, sent to me b-y
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, and dated Haifa,
Syria, Oct. 24, 1915, I quote the follow-
ing for reproduction in the STAR or THE
if you can utilize it. I am advised
that a series of cards is being sent out,
and extracts from these may be used as
you receive them and find them avail-
able:
"Having finished and mailed the series
of letters, I have been Writing a series
of postal cards, making their cont-ents as
general as poss-ible, so that they may be
co-pied and distributed and portions to
appear in the STAR or THE So
far I have Written twenty-five, and Will
Write thirty or thirty-five more, complet-
ing a circle of dear and steadfast be-
lievers. As I am doing this Work at the
suggestion of Abdul-Baha, I hope they
THE VVEST
will stimulate the friends to greater
activity during this season. We must all
arise in the accomplishment of Worthy
and noble services, and be not satisfied
With little things. It is true that we
must attend to the small things as co-n-
s-c-ientiously as the great things, but in
the accomplishment of the smaller serv-
ices We must not lose sight of the great
and universal problem of this Cause.
Conscious of our Weakness in the Pres-
ence of God, We must appear as the tower
of strength in the eyes of men and at
all times rely upon His confirmation and
beg for His help. Banishing all ideas
that breed disappointment and discour-
agement, We must breathe the spirit of
hope into the dead bodies of mankind.
"This is the eighth day since Abdul-
Baha came to Bahajee to pray for the
Warring nations at the Holy Tomb of
the Blessed Beauty (Baha'o'llah). I
have Written every day one postal card
to different friends, and they are
mailed."
Faithfully yours,
Joseph H. Ha-anew.
 
*N0*te--Gopies of many of the letters
and postal cards referred to have been
sent by the recipients to the STAR on 
Wnsr. We regret that lack of space
makes it impossible to print 
Edrito-rs.
The Word of God
(Continued from page 123)
in a few hours the state o-f the patient
may be changed to one of chills. It is
then that the skilled physician changes
his remedy and applies a heating or vivi-
fying to-nic. The skill of the physician
depends upon his ability to prescribe
remedies that Will cure the patient in
every state of sickness. The ignorant
patient may complain of the lack 0-f skill
on the part of the physician when he
changes his treatment, saying to himself,
"If the first drug was my cure, Why did
he change, and if it were not my cure
Why did he recommend it in the begin-
ning the Wise patient is ever sub-
missive and the change of treatment only
adds to his conviction and faith in the
do-ctor. Some constitutions are Weak
While others are strong, but all need con-
stant care a.nd attention. The ch-allge of
remedies according to- the state of the
patient-'s' condition is a proof 0-f the skill
of the do-ctor.
To-day the condition of the World is
very grave and serious. Humanity is
sick, socially, economic-ally, spiritually.

