STAR OF THE WVEST 15
of the Cause; to speak with eloquent
tongues to become candles of guidance
in the assemblage of the world; to be-
come shining stars in the firmament of
the existent beings; to become merciful
birds in the rose garden of oneness;
to sing the melodies of realities and
significances; to spend every breath of
your existence in the service of this
conspicuous light; so that in the end ye
may be freed from loss and failure and
attain to the inexhaustible treasury of
the kingdom. For the life "of man is
Wholly sub-ject to danger and imperma-
nency. A person cannot -put his assur-
ance even in one moment's continuity.
Notwithstanding this, the nations of the
World, deceived by the mirage of super-
stition, imagine themselves secure in the
heavenly way. Alas! Alas! Former
communities in bygone ages entertained
the same perishing thoughts; but by one
of those periodical fluctuations they were
all hidden under the ground, and af-
flicted with deprivation and loss, except
those souls who had become pure evan-
escence and had arisen with a great self-
abnegation in the path of God. Such
souls shine forth as brilliant stars from
the horizon of the Ancient Glory, and
the results which emanated from their
lives in succeeding ages and cycles are
the proofs of this statement. Therefore,
do not ye rest, neither day nor night;
seek not ye for composure; talk ye 0-f the
mystery of servitude, and seek ye the
path of thralldom; so that through the
promised confirmation ye may receive as-
sistance from the kingdom of oneness.
ye friends! Dense and gloomy
clouds have covered the horizon of the
world, and the darkness of hatred, malig-
nity, persecution, tyranny and the great-
est cruelty is spreading. All the people
are drunk with the wine of heedlessness;
and bloodthirstiness and rapaciousness
are considered the noblest excellencies of
the World of men.
His Highness the Almighty hath chos-
en the friends from among the concourse
of men and hath especialized them with
the most eminent guidance and the high-
est gift; so that we may with our souls
and hearts exert ourselves, sacrifice our
lives, be engaged in the guidance of the
people and the training of souls; so that
the wild beasts may become the gazelles
of the meadows of unity; the wolves the
sheep of God the bloodthirsty ones the
heavenly angels; the fire of malice be
extinguished and the flame of safety in
the blessed tabernacle bestow illumina-
tion; the odor of the nether realm of in-
fidelity be dispelled and the fragrances
of the rose garden of faithfulness be dif-
fused in all parts; the weak draw light
from the Universal Reason and evil souls
seek to be purified with the holy and
divine breath. There are needed mani-
festors for this gift; farmers for this
field; gardeners for this rose garden;
fishers for this sea; luminous stars for
this heaven spiritual physicians for these
ill ones, and loving guides for these wan-
derers; so that they may bestow a share
on those who are deprived, grant a por-
tion to those who are shareless, give un-
measured treasure to the indigent ones,
and show forth the power of proof to the
seekers.
Glory be unto Thee, my God! I
supplicate unto Thee, Thou my Help-
er! I invoke Thee, Thou my Refuge!
I utter to Thee my agonies, Thou my
Physician, and entreat Thee with all my
heart, my soul and my spirit, saying:
my God! my God! Verily, the
glo-oiny night hath fallen upon all regions
and the clouds of ignorance have extend-
ed in all directions; the people are im-
mersed in the darkness of surmise and
the tyrants are sunk in the depths of
brutality and lawlessness. The red glare
of the burning fire is flashing forth from
the nether world', roaring, ominous voices
are rising from the cruel, destructive and
terrible armaments; every region is cry-
ing out with its dumb secret tongue:
"Nothing that I possess hath benefited
me and power and strength are taken
away from me!" Verily, my God,
the lamps of guidance are extinguished;
the fire of animosity is enkindled wrath
and antipathy are spread abroad and

