10 STAR OF
not believed in Moses, because you have
not believed in the Gospels, therefore
you are infidels and contaminated."
Thus Mohammed, himself, has praised
the prophets of the past. He has praised
the Torah and Moses and Christ. He
appeared amongst the Arabs, who were
a people scattered and illiterate, bar-
barous in nature, thirsting for the blood
of each other. He- led them aright. He
guided them and trained them until
the Arabs reached a high state of de-
velopment. From the lowest degree of
ignorance he suffered them to attain to
the highest state of attainment, until
they were renowned as masters of eru-
dition and philosophy. Thus we see
that the proofs applicable to one
prophet are equally applicable to an-
other.
In conclusion, since the prophets
themselves, the founders, have been
loving, and testified of each other,
they have praised each one the other,
why are we to disagree"? Why should
we be alienated? They have been kind
to one another--and God is One. He is
the Shepherd of all, and We all consti-
tute His sheep, hence we should be in
the state of love and amity. We should
exercise the utmost of good will. Should
this not govern; or shall we pronounce
anathema on each other, each one prais-
ing himself and condemning the others?
What result comes from that sort of
thing'? What use comes from that"?
THE VVEST
Naught but the greatest enmity and
hatred, turmoil and rancor, amongst
men. Do we not see the amount of
blood which is shed in this way?
Praise be to God, you are living in
a land of freedom. You are blessed
with men of learning, men Who are well
informed, and are well versed in the
study of comparative religions. You
realize the need of unity, and you know
the great harm which comes from prej-
udice or superstition. I ask in con-
clusion, is not good-fellowship prefer-
able for a state of society rather than
hatred and enmity"! The answer is
self-evident. Love and fellowship are
the things needed, that will win the
good-pleasure of God, and we must
ever emulate the good-pleasure of God.
We must be united. We must love each
other. We must ever praise one an-
other. We must ever give commenda-
tion to all the people, thus removing
discord and hatred, which has suffered
alienation amongst men. Otherwise
the same state of affairs will continue,
each praising his own people and con-
demning the others; religious wars will
continue, and religious prejudice is the
cause of this havoc. This must be done
away withinvestigate the reality which underlies
all the religions, and which reality is
love of humanity. For God is One
and humanity is one, and the prophets
have brought the creed of amity.
Words of Abdul-Baha concerning the Mashrak-cl-Azkar
(Extract from Tablet to Mrs. Corinne True, Chicago, Illinois)
Now it is hoped that the believers of God may show magnanimity and raise
a great sum for the building so that the foundation of the Mashrak-el-Azkar
may be laid, and perchance, God willing, the corner stone of the foundation
may be laid by the hands of Abdul-Baha.
This confirmation will descend upon the people of America if they will arise
and endeavor with great courage to establish union and harmony, so that every
trace of difierence may be uprooted and they may all become as one heart and
one soul.
Convey the wonderful Abha greeting to all the friends and the maid-servants
of the Merciful.

