srna or THE WEST 83
through the furious, Wild, raging, fiery
tongues of War. Therefore, ye Well-
Wishe-rs of the World of humanity, en-
deavor by day and by night so that
these inflammable materials may not
come in touch with the burning fires of
racial antipathy and hatred!"
Today the life of mankind and its
attainment to everlasting glory depend
on its display of eifort and exertion in
accord with the principles of his holi-
ness Baha'o'llah for his first and fore-
most teaching consists of the o-neness of
the World of humanity. H-e says: "We
are all the sheep of God. His Highness,
the Almighty, is the real Shepherd and
kind to all the sheep. Wliy then should
We be unkind to-Ward each other?" An-
other of his most great institutes deals
with the subject of universal peace, the
establishment of which Would be con-
ducive to the Well-being and progress
and tranquillity of the commonwealth
of man.
Other precepts of Baha'o '1lah treat of
the identity of the underlying founda-
tions of the religions of God, the original
oneness of the nations, the adoption and
general practice of a universal auxiliary
language and the inculcation of the ideal
of cosmopolitanism and World-patriotism
among the children of men; conse-
quently in the future his teachings Will
act as a deterrent and preventive from
the oc-eurrence of the most great danger,
i. universal war.
Today the most important object of
the kingdom of God is the promulgation
of the cause of universal peace and the
principle of the oneness of the World of
humanity. Whosoever arises in the ac-
complishment of this preeminent service
the confirmations of the holy spirit will
descend upon him.
NOW all that has been predicted has
come to pass, and the lurid flames of
this War have emblazoned the horizon
of the east and the West, causing a re-
verberating social earthquake through
the columns of the earth. After this
War the Workers for the cause of uni-
versal peace Will increase day by day,
a.nd the pacific party will array its force,
displaying great activity with better ad-
vantage, and in the end gaining a per-
manent triumph and eternal victory
over all the other parties. The realiza-
tion of this matter is incontestable and
irrefragable.
Therefore, ere long a vast and unlim-
ited field will be opened before your
view for the display of your powers and
energies. You must promote this glori-
ous intention with the heavenly power
and the confirmation of the holy spirit.
I am praying in thy behalf that thou
ma-yest erect a pavilion and unfurl a flag
in the World of peace, love, and eternal
life.
I beg you to accept the consideration
of my highest and deepest respect.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
. Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, May 1,
1915. Home of Abdul-Baha, Mount Carmel,
Haifa, Syria.
Tablet from Abdul-Baha
To the Bahai Assembly of Portland, Oregon.
Upon thee be Ba ha 
HE IS con!
ye denizens of the Kingdom!
Your letter was received and caused
joy and gladness, for it was an evidence
of firmness and steadfastness. Praise
be to God, ye have an assembly in the
utmost joy and fragrance; the candle
thereof being the blessings of his holi-
ness Baha'o'llah, the spirit of that meet-
ing is the confirmations of the supreme
kingdom, and the sustenance of that
gathering is celestial benediction. I hope
that the life of that assembly shall be
(Continued on page eighty-seven)

