STAR or THE 109
ever given in its oneness and singleness,
i. it is made manifest through only
one channel o-r individual at a time.
The reality of their Manife-station is
likened unto that of a tree: the Bab-,
known as the "First Point" of this Rev-
elation, is the first off-shoot from the
seed of the Tree; Baha'o'llah is the
"Pre-existent Root" o-f the same Tree,
and Abdul-Baha is the "Greatest
Branch" of that Tree. All parts of the
Tree are nourished by the same osmosis
(the Word of God), and e-ach is depend-
ent on the. other for sustenance. In the
botanical kingdom, the direct, upward
growing branch of the tree is known as
the main 0-r greate-st branch of the tree
while all the other branches are con-
sidered as offshoots from this main
branch. The seed of the tree is its mani-I
festation, for it is the seed itself which
appears in the form of branches, leaves
and fruits. The fruit cannot be ripened
and perfected save through the branch,
and Without the fruit the potentiality of
the seed ceases to exist. The people of
the world are the leaves of this tree and
the leaves receive their nourishment
through the branch. When the connec-
tion with the branch is severed they
drop off from the tree and Wither up.
The purpose. of the tree is to produce
fruit and While the root may live for
awhile without its branch, yet it is not
able to complete its existence; therefore
the ro-ot and the trunk are one and each
is subservient to the other for the per-
fection of their manifestation. "The
essential object is the Tree, the founda-
tion is the Tree, and the Universal Real-
ity is the Tree."
The perfection of this "Branch" has
been foretold by God through Zechariah
"For, behold, I will bring
forth my servant, the Branch"; and
the promise was also given through
Isaiah (11 "And there shall come
forth a rod out of the stem of Jesse.
[B-aha'o'llah descended from Jesse, the
son of Abraham-not Jesse, the father
of David], and a Branch shall grow
out 0-f his root, and the spirit of
the Lord shall rest upon him." Again
Isaiah said "In that day shall
the Branch of the Lord be beautiful and
glorious, and the fruit of the earth shall
be excellent and comely."
The branch is the center of the tree's
existence; likewise in this world of crea-
tion there is a center for everything and
all the bounties of existence come from
that center. For example, everything in
this physical world is dependent for its
existence upon the center of gravity
which holds all the physical bodies to-
gether. If anything should detach itself
for one instant from this center of
attraction it will immediately fall off
into space, and so far as part of the life
of this planet is concerned it will cease
to exist. In our solar system the sun is
the center of illumination. All forms of
genesis appear through its light and
heat, Without which there would be no
growth and development; there would be
no vegetable kingdom, no animal king-
dom, and all life in the world would cease
to exist. The earth, the moon and all
the planets receive their illumination
from this same sun, and if deprived of
its rays they would be in eternal dark-
ness. In the mine-ral kingdom the ele-
ments are held together by a center
known as chemical affinity, and likewise
there is a center for all life in the vege-
table world. Again the human organism
is a unit composed of various organs all
dependent upon one heart-
for -life and sustenance. As long as all
the different parts are in perfect connec-
tion With the heart, they co-ordinate and
perform their separate functions in har-
mony and accord, and life will be mani-
fest in its fullest perfection; but if the
supply of life-giving blood is cut ofi
from one of the members of the body,
immediately that organ begins to disinte-
grate and die. In turn its death will
cause the contaminatio-n of the other
members, and eventually the entire bod.y
will become diseased, and death will be
the result. In our commercial life there
is a focusing point that controls affairs.
The heart of the city is the business

