STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. S0 it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'M0st Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VI Mulk 1, 71 (February 7, 1916) No. 18
The Mashrak-cl-Azkar of Ishkabad
By CHARLES MASON REMEY
Washington, D. (1.,
October 12-, 1908.
To the House of Spirituality of Bahais,
Chicago, Ill. 
Brothers in the service of Abha:--
As you have arisen for the construc-
tion of the first Mashrak-el-Azkar in
America, and, as I have recently visited
Ishkabad and seen there the great Mash-
rak~el-Azkar of the east, of which We in
the West have heard so much, I take it
upon myself to Write to you a descrip-
tion of this edifice, hoping to share with
you the great blessing of meeting with
the friends in those parts and of behold-
ing this Temple which is a testimony of
their sacrifice and unity.
As you know, Ishkabad is in Russian
Turkestan, just north of the Elbruz
mountains, Which separate the desert
plain of Western Turkestan, on the north,
from Persia on the south. The city
itself lies on the plain a short distance
from the mountains, which here are
quite rugged and rocky. The town is
quite modern in aspect, being laid off
with gardens and broad streets, which
meet at right angles. Rows of trees
along the sidewalks remind one of a
Western city, While the buildings and the
Waterways, Which flank the streets and
are fed With Wate-r coming from the
nearby mountains, are strikingly ori-
ental. 
I could hardly believe that this city
had sprung up almost entirely during
the past half-century. It was but a
huddle of mud huts, When Baha'o'1la.h
first directed some of his followers to
settle there. Now thisiis replaced by a
large and prosperous city of buildings
of brick and stone. -
The Mashrak-el-Azkar stands in the
center of the city, surrounded by a large
garden, which is bounded by four
streets. It rises high above the surround-
ing buildings and trees, its dome being
visible for miles, as the traveller ap-
proaches the city over the plain. The
building in plan is a regular polygon of
nine sides. One large doorway and
portico, flanked by turrets, facing the
direction of the Holy City [Akka],
forms the principal motive of the facade,
While the dome dominates the Whole
composition.
The Walls of the Temple are of brick
covered with a firm and hard stucco,

