some or THE 145
policies shall rule, for the divine policy
is the oneness of the human World. God
is kind to all. He considers all as His
servants. He does not exclude anybody,
and the policy of God is the correct and
just po-licy. No matter how complete
human policy and foresight is, it is im-
perfect. If we do not emulate the policy
of God, or if we refuse to follow His dic-
tates, that will be a presumptive evi-
dence of our saying, as it were, that we
know better than God; that we are know-
ing and wise, whereas God is ignorant;
that we are sagacious, and God is not.
God forbid! We seek shelter in God's
mercy therefor! No matter 110w far the
human intelligence shall advance, it is
still as a drop, whereas the divine omni-
science is the very ocean. And now is
it just for us to say that a drop is im-
bued or endowed with qualities where-
with the ocean itself is minus or not
endowed? To say that the policy of the
atom or the drop is greater and superior
to that of the ocean, there is no greater
ignorance than this! At most it is this:
That there a.re some people who are as
children. They are ignorant, and with
the utmost love we are to educate them
in order that they may become wise.
They are sick; they are ill. We must
tenderly care for them and treat them
until they become well. Their morals are
unpraiseworthy. We must train them in
order that they may become imbued with
morals commendable. Otherwise we are
all the servants of one God, and we are
beneath the protection and providence of
one God. These are the institutes of
God and the foundations of the Mashrak-
el-Azkar, or His Temple. The outer edi-
fice is a symbol of the inner. May the
people be admonished thereby! I pray
in your behalf, that your hearts may be
enlightened with the light of the love
of God; that your minds may develop
daily; that your spirits may be set aglow
with the fire of His glad tidings, until
the divine foundations in the human
world may become promulgated. And
the first of these institutes is the one-
ness of the human world and love among
all mankind, and the second is the Most
Great Peace. Praise be to God, this
American democracy presents capacity,
its people showing forth their readiness
to become the flag-bearer of the Most
Great Peace. May they be the hos-ts of
the oneness of humanity! May its people
serve the threshold of God and spread
that which is the good pleasure of God!
Thou kind Lord! This gathering is
turning to Thee. The hearts are radiant
through Thy love. The thoughts and the
spirits are exhilarated through Thy glad
tidings. God! Let this American
democracy beco-me glorious in spiritual
degrees, even as it has aspired to the ma-
terial degrees, and render this just gov-
ernment victorious! Confirm this revered
nation to hoist the standard of the one-
ness of humanity; to promulgate the
Most Great Peace to bec-ome thereby
most glorious and pra.iseworthy among
all the nations of the world. God!
This American nation is worthy of Thy
favors and is deserving of Thy mercy.
Make it dear, near to Thee, through Thy
bounty and bestowal!
ADDRESS or ABDUL-BAHA AT THE DEDICA-
TION or THE 
GROUNDS, CHICAGO, HIGH Noon, l\lAY
1, 1912.
01-.1' THE Wnsr, Vol. No. 
Today you have endured considerable
difficulty in coming out, withstanding the
cold and wind but the power which has
gathered you here is truly a colossal
power. It is the extraordinary power.
It is a divine power which gathers you
here. It is divine favor of Baha'o'-
llah, which gathered you together.
Therefore, we praise God that this power
does assemble people in this fashion.
Thousands of 
which means the Dawning-Point of
Praise fo-r all religionists,--wil1 be built
in the world. In the orient and in the
occident of the world will they be built.

