STAR OF THE WEST
NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street Chicago Ill. U.S. A.
5 9 2
Entered as second-class matter April 9,1911, at the post ofiice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3. 1379.
Editorial Stafl: ALBERT R. WINDUST -- GERTRUDE BUIKEMA -- DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
TERMs: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Non Until further notice, distribution in the Orient ll through Agentl.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
To personal checlu pleue add suflicient to cover the bani: exchunae.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, 111., Us A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS con!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide-and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all upon firmness, firmness'.
firmness! (Signed) Anus.
Vol.     71 (November Z3called down upon those who
violate the Covenant of God or loose
hold thereof, but His protection is guar-
anteed to all who come under its divine
power. In the present day, the Coven-
ant has again been the means of illum-
inating mankind. Abdul-Baha says:
"The Covenant has such a sway that it
astonishes the minds. In every region
the sign of the power of the Covenant
is apparent and manifest. For instance,
in Persia the fire of revolution blazed in
such Wise that all communities, govern-
ment and nation became afflicted With
the most severe trials; but the power of
the Covenant protected the Bahai friends
to such a. degree that in this turbulent
storm no dust fell upon them, except in
one locality, which became the cause
of the spreading of the Religion of God
and the difiusion of the Word of God.
Now all the parties in Persia are won-
dering how the people of Baha.' were
guarded and protected." (Extract from
a Tablet.)
Thus in every age the people have
been commanded to "remain firm in this
Covenant," i. to perform their part
of the agreement, for unless both parties
carry out their side of the agreement, the
Covenant becomes invalid and cannot be
established. The way in which the peo-
ple arc to fulfill their side of this com-
pact is to turn to God with open hearts
and to follow His commandments and
abide in His love. When they do this
the confirmations of heaven Will reach
them; all their desires and longings will
be fulfilled by the est-ablislnnent of this
very same Covenant.
Today, this Covenant is fulfilled by
the Manifestation of the three Bahai
teachers: the Bab, Baha'o'lla.h and Ab-
dul-Baha. The coming of the three to
establish the Covenant in this d.ay--one
as the "Forerunner," one as the "Lord
of Hosts," and one as the "Center of
the promised by God in
the clearest of terms through the prophet
Malachi (3 "Behold I will send my
messenger, and he shall prepare the
way before me; and the Lo-rd, Whom
ye seek, shall suddenly come to his tem-
ple; even the messenger of the cov-
enant, Whom ye delight in, behold he
shall come, saith the Lord of Hosts."
It is not meant however, that these three
holy pcrsonages are to be considered as
separate manifestors of the Word of
God in this day, for the Word of God is

