STAR OF THE WEST 167
great questions of Vicarious Atonement,
the Trinity and the Immortality of the
Soul, with which tablet every friend is
familiar.
On his return to New York from Acca
my father started meetings for the
Cause in various places and took a large
house at N0. 261 West 139th street,
which soon became known as the Bahai
Home. Here meetings were held, and
believers from all parts of the world
were welcomed and! received at all times.
"Open house" always prevailed here,
and it was the first place that the Per-
sians and other friends coming to Amer-
ica and to New York would seek out-.
My father also started a highly suc-
cessful series of meetings in the big as-
sembly hall of the Stephen Merritt Un-
dertaking Establislnnent at Eighth ave-
nue and Nineteenth street, New York,
where four and five hundred persons
Would' listen to talks on the Cause at
every meeting.
Among the many things he did for the
Cause was to send lamps over to Haifa
for the blessed tomb of the Bab; and to
Ace-a. for the holy tomb of the Blessed
Perfection (Baha 'o 'llah).
My father had the honor to receive the
first tablet ever sent to America, which
was written in Arabic by Abdul-Baha's
own hand, and translated by Anton
Haddad. He also received the first
"Greatest ame" stone, sent from Acca.
My father received many tablets and
communications from Abdul-Baha, more
perhaps than any other believer, and all
over the orient the name, "Mr. Dodge"
was known among the friends.
He was president of the First Bahai
Assembly of New York, and served on
the Board of Council for several years.
In forming the First Bahai Assembly
of Freeport, N. Y., on March letth, 1915,
my father wrote the following statement
that was subscribed to and signed by the
names which follow:
"We, whose signatures and ad-
dresses are written below, hereby as-
sociate ourselves as Founder-members
of the First Bahai Assembly of Hemp-
stead, in the County of Nassau and
State of New York, and located at
Freeport in said Township.
"It is our desire and intention to
labor as humble, faithful and stead-
fast servants of and for the Incom-
parable Cause of God."
Signatures: Arthur Pillsbury Dodge,
E. A. Dodge, Josephine Falley Clark,
Frank Durbon Clark, NVendell Phillips
Dodge, Beatrice M. Dodge, Richard
William Dodge, Wendell Phillips
Dodge, Richard Paul Dodge, Clara
Louise Osborne, Mrs. Otis I. Hathon,
Irene C. Holmes, Vililliam Copeland
Dodge and Lavinia Evelyn Dodge.
Whereas he had been bitter against
the church for its bigotry and supersti-
tion, the last two years of his life my
father had so mellowed his feelings that
he was not even antagonistic to an un-
believer, but rather pitied and tried to
help everyone who had not been able to
"see the light." The Bahai Revelation
had made of him a sweet~tempered so-ul
and had given him an unlimited reserve
and compassion. He seemed not to mind
his terrible suffering during the last year
of his life, and expressed himself as only
regretting that he could not live long
enough to complete his Work for the
Blessed Cause, to serve God and man as
he never had been able to do!
Wendell Phillips Dodge.
mini-
MADAME
To the STAR or THE WEST, Greeting:
I recall in former years you have
made it a custom to announce the de-
partures of the friends in the last issue
CHERON
for the Bahai year of the STAR or THE
Wasr.
Now as the end of our present year is
drawing near I am in receipt of the

