113 STAR or
When one sees that all o-f these con-
ditions are fulfilled in one human tem-
ple, then l1e inlay safely turn to him for
guidance and illumination.
The Ba-hai Revelation brings the ful-
fillment of all these ho-pes and conditions
to- the world. It is a renewal 0-f religion
to ma.n. It brings the spring-time of a
new life and ideals. In the words of
Abdul-Bahia: "The Bahai Moveinent is
not an organization. You can never or-
ganize the Bah-ai Cause. The Bah-at
.71/lovement is the spirit of this age. It
is the essence of all the highest ideals
o-f this century. The Bahai Cause is an
the teachings of all
the religions: and soc-ieties are found
here; the Christians, Jews, Buddhists,
Zoroa.strians, Theoso-
phists, Freemasons, Spiritualists, et al.,
find their highest aims in this Cause.
Even the Socialists and philosophers find
their theories fully developed in this
Movement. 
This Mo-vement had its beginning May
23, 1844, with. the appe-arance of a young
Persian, called the Bab (the Persian o-r
Arabic wo-rd fo-r door or gate) who, al-
though uns-cho-oled and untrained, arose
among the great d-octo-rs of Islam who
were ruling the people in spiritual ig-
norance at that time, and proclaimed
himself to be the fo-rerunner of "Him-
whom-God-shall-manifest." He taught
and prepared the people for this com-
ing during a period of six years, at the
end of which time he was martyred by
the Mohammedan clergy, together with
thousands 0-f his followers. Nineteen
years after this declaration, Mirza Hus-
sein Ali of N0-or, more widely known
as Ba.ha'o'llah (which m-eans the Glory
of God manifest) announced to the
world by means of letters to the rulers
and crowned heads o-f all nations, that
he was the promised one of all religions
and the one whom God would manifest.
He declared that the time was at hand
for the "most. great peace," the ce-ss;a-
tion of strife and warfare and the unity
a.nd harmony of all the World. He re-
newed the word of every prophet as to
THE WEST
the oneness and fatherhood of God and
the brotherhood of man, and taught the
abolition of differences existing between
religions. 1-Ie suffered the most severe
persecutions at the hands of the Moham-
medan clergy a11d a.fter the confiscation
of his property he was banished with a
number of followers, first to- Bagda.d in
Asiatic Turkey, then to Adrianople and
finally, in 1868, he was sent to the prison
city of Acca., which lies at the foot of
Mount Carmel, the home of the proph-
ets, in Syria. Here he remained until
his die-ath in 1892, but alt-ho-ugh in con-
stant impriso-nment and hardship he was
able to spread his message to- all parts
of the world and leave his Cause firmly,
established, After his departure, Baha'-
o-'llah commanded his. followers to turn
to- Abbas Effendi, the Center of G'rod's
Covenant, for guidance. Abbas Effendi,
the eldest son of pre-
fers to- be called' Abdul-Baha (the Serv-
ant of God)--went into exile with his
father at the early age of nine years,
remaining with him until the latter's
death, and sharing all his deprivations.
In 1908 after fifty-six years of perse-
cution, hardship and imprisonment, forty
years of which were spent in the prison
of Acca, Abdul-Baha was given his free-
dom. by the new Turkish Republic. Since
that time he has been unceasingly at
work spreading the glorious message of
Baha-'o'llah. H-e ha.s come from the east
to the west, visiting many countries of
Europe, including England, France, Ger-
many, Austria and Switzerland, and
traveling extensively throughout Amer-
ica, awakening the people fro-m their
lethargic sleep on the bed o-f negligence
with this call:
"Do you know in what day you are
living'? Do you realize in What dispen-
sation you are alive? Have you not
read in the holy sc.riptures that at the
consummation of the ages there shall
appear a day which is the sun of all the
past days?
"This is the day in which the Lord of
Hosts ha.s co-me down from heaven on the
clouds of glory! This is the day in

