STAR OF THE. WEST 101
Mr. Dodge bought the franchise of the
Babylon Railroad at Babylon, L. I., and,
with the aid o-f the late Colonel Robert
G. Ingersoll, planned to- use it to demon-
strate his system of stored heat motive
power. Later he sold the franchise to
the Railroad. In 1900, in
company with his wife, who was Mis-s
Elizabeth Ann Day of Boston, and whom
he married in 1870, he made a pilgrimage
to the ancient prison city o-f Acre in Pal-
estine, Syria, where Abdul-Baha Abbas
was proclaiming the Bahai message to the
world. Three years ago, Abbas visited
this country and was entertained by Mr.
Dodge, who made a.rrangements whereby
he was allowed to preach the gospel of
Universal Peace and Unification of Re-
ligions in a number of important
churches throughout the United States.
Mr. Dodge was a pro-found student of
religion and was the author of a number
of books on religion, the most recent of
which were "The Truth of It" and
whence?' Whither?"
He is survived by his wife and three
so-ns, Willia.m C. Dodge, a lawyer of 14
Nassau Street; Wendell Phillips Dodge,
editor of the agazdne, and Rich-
ard P. Dodge, a scenic artist.
His funeral services will be held from
his late residence at Freeport on Thurs-
day and the interment will take place in
the Dodge plot in "Takefield, Mass.
Messages from Abdul-Baha
to Bahais in Germany
PORTION o-f letter from Mirza Azzi-
zollah dated I-Iaifa, July 30, 1915,
addressed to Miss Alma S. Kno-
bloch, S-tuttga.rt, Germany.
translated all the enclosed letters
immediately and offered them to our be-
loved Abdul-Baha. He became very hap-
py thereby. He loves all of you, dear
friends. He often speaks highly of the
character of his German children. He
says: 'They are pure, their nature is
not stained by any disagreeable quality.
They are readily confirmed by the hosts
of the Kingdom. They are blessed in their
activities in serving and helping the neg-
ligent and distressed. Their success in
the service of the kingdom of God is
sure.'
"Dear sister, he praises them so often
that I do not know which time to write.
I have only to congratulate all for their
nobility of character which attracts so
many blessings fro-m him.
"Also I pray that he may keep them
always under his guarding stafi, safe
from the thieves of desires,
pride and negligence. I am sure he does
this, and consequently they will always
strive and shine brilliantly among other
friends upon the horizon of the Cause."
Message from Abdul-Baha, to the Ba-
hais of Germany, through Frau Consul
Schwarz, translated by A. S. Bahadur,
Mount Carmel, July 25, 1915:
dear friends 
"Praise be to God, we are all well and
safe under the shelter of divine patron-
age and protection. We are in the ut-
most harmony; we pray night and day
and beseech Go~d's mercy for all the
people of the world, that He may not
look at the capacity of His creatures (at
what the people deserve), but may He
deal with them through His mere Bless-
ing and Grace, so that the means of
comfort and joy may be attained; so
that the hearts may become lamps for
(His) lights, and the souls (peo-ple) may
attain God's pleasure. This is our ut-
most desire and longing. And you also
pray that the ocean of bounties may rise
in waves, and all the people may be-

