28 STAR OF
arise from the buildings, from the ex-
hibits Within the buildings; and more
particularly still, the benefits Which
Will arise from the gathering together
of people such as you, Whose sole pur-
pose and aim, as I read it, is the uni-
fication and solidarity of the people of
the World, and to produce an effect far
reaching, not for today, but for all
time to come.
We, perhaps, here on the peaceful
Western shore of the United States,
looking out into What you might call
the vast eternity across the Pacific to
the Orient, are mindful, and very mind-
ful, of the horrible things that this day
has brought upon us in the old World,
Where the civilizations builded for
many centuries are being Wiped aWay,
Where men are clutching at each
others throats, and destroying the last
vestiges of humanity and love of man-
kind, which should concern us all. And,
to you Who represent that great propa-
ganda of peace--that peace Which the
Master of the World, Whoever he may
be, to all of us, has placed upon us as
a necessary part of the true education,
the true refinement and the true growth
of the universe, to you, Who have that
solemn duty in hand, and who so seri-
ously and full-mindedly and intelli-
gently are seeking to impress it upon
your fellow-men, We, of the Exposition
family, extend Welcome to you to our
family, because We are striving in our
feeble Way, out here on this Western
rim, to be the proponents of all those
things which go toward the uplifting
of mankind, of the World, and its bet-
terment.
We have lived and Worked in vain,
ladies and gentlemen, if the Wonderful
things that you Will see before you to-
day in this Exposition--our palaces,
our Wonderful illustrative sculptures,
our Wonderful exhibits--are to go for
naught and as the mere passing of a
dream of today. If our building of
them shall not accomplish the helpful-
ness to mankind for Which We have
ES 
hoped, then have We builded absolutely
in vain.
But I have faith in the intelligence
of the human race; I have that faith in
the ultimate good to be achieved by
Work and effort, that What We have
been doing and What you are striving
to do, that the foundation laid, such as
you have laid, Will some may
be many years to come--produce that
Wonderful crop of men and Women who
will have but one ideal in life, and that
is that the race Which is to come after
you shall be better than you are today
because of your efforts to make it so.
And so, in that recognition which We
desire to give to your universal efforts,
I have the proud privilege and honor
of presenting to you a symbol of that
appreciation on behalf of the Panama-
Pacific Exposition Company. And, let
me say to you, in all honesty and can-
dor of mind, that in the many times I
have, in my official capacity, given, to
those Who have come here, recognition
of our appreciation of their participa-
tion in our affairs, none has afforded
me the extreme pleasure I am afforded
today by the privilege of giving this to
you, Who represent so much to hu-
manity.
THE CHAIRMAN: I feel, friends,
that We have all been deeply touched
and moved by the kind Words of Wel-
come extended to us by Director Brit-
ton, by the president and directorate
of the Panama-Pacific International
Exposition, and I am going to ask the
president of the Congress, Dr. Fred-
erick W. D'Evelyn, to respond to these
generous Words of Welcome.
DR. Director Britton
and friends: Were I to yield to the in-
stinctive promptings of the moment, I
Would dismiss this meeting, that We
might go to our respective dwelling
places cherishing the Words that Direc-
tor Britton has spoken. That Which
comes from the heart goes to the heart,
and I know I am only feebly putting
into expression the sincere thoughts of

