sran or THE WEST 5
These remarks show conclusively that
the foundation of the religion of God
remains permanent and lasting. It is
that foundation which ensures the
progress of the body politic. It is that
foundation which ensures the illumina-
tion of humanity. It is that foundation
which is ever the cause of love amongst
men. It is that foundation which works
for the unification and loving fellow-
ship of all men,>> and that never changes
and is not subject to transformation.
That which is changeable is connected
with the accidental, with the non-es-
sentials. It is that part which has to
do with the transactions of society.
Let me ask what is the purpose of
pI'0pl1Btl100dl 'Why hath God sent the
prophets"? It is self-evident that the
prophet is the educator of men, that he
is the teacher o-f the human race. The
prophets come to confer general educa-
tion upon humanity; to give humanity
training; to rescue the human race
from the abyss of despair and desola-
tion and suffer them to attain to the
high apogee of advancement and glory.
The people are in darkness; the
prophets bring them out of darkness
into the realm of light. They are in a
state of utter defect; the prophets
cause them to become imbued with per-
fections. The purpose of prophethood
is no other than education; it is the
guidance of people. Hence We must re-
gard and be on the lookout for the man
who is thus qualified; that is to say, any
soul who is the educator of men, who
is the teacher of the people, he is un-
doubtedly the prophet of his age.
For example, let us review the epi-
sodes connected with his holiness
Moses--upon him be peace! His holi-
ness Moses dwelt in Midian at a time
when the Children of Israel were in
captivity or bondage in the land of
Egypt, subjected to tryanny and severe
molestation. They were illiterate and
uninformed, and they were subject to
very severe ordeals and catastrophes.
They were in a state of utter helpless-
ness and imperfection, to the ezatent
that it was proverbial that one Copt
could overcome ten Septs or Israelites.
At such a time as this, and in such cir-
cumstances, his holiness Moses ap-
peared, and with a heavenly radiance
he shone forth. He came and saved
the Children of Israel from the bondage
of Pharaoh and released them from cap-
tivity. He led them out of the land of
Egypt and into the Holy Land. "There-
as before they were scattered, he uni-
fied them. He educated them; he con-
ferred upon them the blessing of eru-
dition. Vllhereas before they were cap-
tives, he rendered them princes. Where-
as before they were ignorant, later on
he rendered them Wise. Whereas be-
fore they Were imperfect, he caused
them to attain perfection. In a word:
From helplessness he led them on and
suffered them to attain to the highest
plane of courage and valor. And there-
by they became renowned throughout
the World. At last they attained to
that plane whereby they were enabled
to establish the Solomonic sovereignty.
Through the training of his holiness
Moses these capt.ivated Children of
Israel became the dominant people
amongst the nations. And in all the
degrees of attainment and refinement
they became famous. They at last
reached such a degree that the famous
philosophers of Greece journeyed to
Jerusalem in order to study with the
Israelitish prophets and instructors,
and many Were the lessons of wisdom
and philosophy which they carried with
them to Greece. Amongst the philoso-
phers Was the famous Socrates. Socrates
journeyed to the Holy Land and studied
with the Israelitish prophets-, he ac-
quired lessons of philosophy from them
and learned many of their arts and
sciences. After his return to Greece,
through the information he had ob-
tainod, he founded that system which is
known as the Unity of God. The Greek
people arose against him, and at last,
(Continued on page six)

