STAR OF THE WEST 71
of thoughts, opinions, morals and tem-
peraments of the human World when un-
der the guidance of the one power and
the influence of the Word of oneness,
will shine forth With the utmost great-
ness, beauty, sublimity and perfection.
Today no power save the great power
of the Word of God, which comprehends
the realities of things, can gather to-
gether under the shade of the same tree,
the minds and hearts of the World of
humanity. It is the motive power of
all things; it is the mover of souls and
the controller and governor of the hu-
m.an World.
Praise be to God! Today the light
of the Word of God shines upon all
horizons. From every nation, tribe and
denomination, souls are coming under
the influence of the Word (of God) a.nd
have agreed and united With the utmost
concord and harmony.
Many an assembly shall be organized
Whose members will be representatives
of different nations, tribes and peoples.
If one attend such a meeting, he will
be surprised a.nd will imagine that those
present are of one birth and nation, one
people with the same thoughts and opin-
ions, When, as a matter of fact, one may
be an American, another a European;
one from Hindustan (India), another
from Turkestan; one an Arab, another a
Tajik; one Persian, another Greek. Not-
withstanding this they consort together
with joy and sing together in the utmost
unity, harmony, love and solidarity in
liberty and wisdom. This is through the
effect of the Word of God.
If all the powers of the World should
convene, they 'could not organize an as-
sembly like unto these assemblies. Here
with such remarkable love, attraction
and zeal, different people unite in one
assembly and raise their voices in uni-
son in the center of the World. They
cause the abolishment of War and mur-
der, and the realization (and establish-
ment) of universal peace, and the friend-
liness and unity of the world of hu-
manity. Can any power Withstand the
power of the Word of God? No, verily,
the proof is clear and the evidence com-
plete.
If .a soul open the of equity,
he will become amazed and surprised
and will testify justly that all the na-
tions and peoples of the World should
be grateful and thankful to the teach-
ings of Baha'o'llah. For these teachings
make tame every ferocious animal, give
speed to those that only move, trans-
form human souls into angels of heaven
and make the World of humanity the
center 0-f the manifestation of mercy.
All are compelled thereby to obey and
be loyal to the government.
Today no kingdom in all the world
is confident and at ease, for security
and confidence have disappeared from
humanity. Kings and subjects are alike
in danger.
The sect today which obeys the gov-
ernment with perfect religious honesty,
and practices the utmost integrity to-
wards the nations is this oppressed sect.
The pro-of thereof is the following: All
the tribes in Persia and Turkestan are
thinking of their own petty interests;
if they obey the government it is either
With the hope of favor or through fear
of punishment. But the Bahais are well
Wishers of and obedient to the powers
(or governments) and are loving and
kind to all the nations.
This obedience and adherence are en-
joined as duties upon all by the Beauty
of Abha (Baha'0'llah) in clear texts.
Therefore in compliance with the com-
mandment of God they practice the ut-
most honesty and good-will toward the
governments. If any -man commit a
wrong against the government he must
hold himself responsible before God and
consider himself a sinner deserving of
punishment. Notwithstanding this it is
amazing how some of the ministers of
(political) affairs account all other sects
well disposed, but the Bahais ill dis-
posed.
Praise be to God! (An expression of
wonder when thus used.) In these lat-

