39 srna or
a general education. They arise to be-
stow upon humanity a moral education
universal in scope. They are the cause
of general development. For example,
consider that his holiness Moses was a
universal teacher, and how in the early
days he educated the people of Israel;
how he enabled them to rescue themselves
from the lowest abyss of despair and ig-
norance and caused them to attain the
highest level of knowledge and refine-
ment. For they were captives and in
bondage, but through him they were
freed. He led them out of bondage into
the Holy Land and caused them to ad-
vance. This formerly oppressed a.nd
THE WEST
i-nsula Was in a state of utmost ignorance.
Those tribes were constantly waging war
and shedding the blood of one another,
burning the houses and homes of each
other, and lived in a state of utmost im-
morality. They were baser and lower
than animals. His holiness Mohammed
appeared as a prophet among such a peo-
ple. He educated such a barbarous na-
tion, rescued them from savagery and
ignorance and put an end to the continu-
ous strife and warfare which had existed
amongst them. He caused them to agree
and reconcile. He unified them and
caused them to be as brothers. He en-
abled them to advance along the degrees
I declare that these teachings constitute
the illumination of humanity; that this is the
spirit of modernism; that this is the honor everlast- 
ing; that these are heavenly teachings, and the cause
of life never-ending amongst men."
-- ABDUL-BAHA
downtrodden people, captives of the Pha-
raohs, were helped to establish a sover-
eignty Solomonic in proportion. This is
an example of a universal teacher, a uni-
versal instructor. Again, consider his
holiness Christ: how that marvelous ex-
ample of unity, his holiness Christ, gave
an education in ethical training to the
Roman, Greek, Egyptian, Syrian and As-
syrian nations and welded them together
by a bond indi-ssoluble. These various
nations were formerly at enmity, hostile,
and in a state of continuous strife. He
cemented them together and caused them
to agree, conferred a. general tranquillity
upon humanity and established the
means of welfare to the human race.
Hence he was a real educator. He was
the instructor of reality.
When we consider or study the con-
ditions prior to the rise of the prophet
of Arabia, we find that the Arabian pen-
of upward development and civilization.
Whereas they were formerly ignorant
they became wise; whereas they were
formerly barbarous, they became refined;
whereas they were formerly debased, they
became elevated; whereas they were hu-
milia.ted, later they became renowned.
This proves that he was an educator, that
he was a teacher.
In the nineteenth century there was
ignorance of the utmost degree in the
Orient. There was continuous warfare
and strife. The apathy a.nd ignorance of
the eastern nations or peoples had
reached the lowest pitch. They were in-
deed gloomy and dark, utterly negligent
of God and completely captives of the
baser feelings and passions. The strug-
gle for existence had been in full exercise
amongst them.
At such a time as this his holiness
Baha'o'llah appeared amongst them,

