STAR OF THE 115
perfections, the awakening of the latent
spiritual powers within man. This is
the real education and confers upon man
the supreme goal of the World of hu-
manity: "Let us make man in our
ima.ge and aft-er 0-ur likeness."
Thus it is evident that man needs an
educator Who must be perfect in all re-
spects in order to impart this education
to him. This teacher must aid man in
the carrying out of physical matters and
the establishment of a proper social and
civil organization. He must train the
mind, so- that it will be able to- grasp
the reality and purpose of creation, to
improve arts, tr-ades and inventions and
to master the difficult problems of sci-
ence and he must quicken the spiritual
susceptibilities, so that he may be freed
from self a.nd become illumined with
the heavenly attributes of God.
It is clear that no human agency is
able to fill this important mission, for
since man is unable, in his short lifetime,
to acquire perfection in any one of the
branches of art, learning, literature or
science, how much more impossible i-s it
for him to bestow a.t the same time per-
feet material, human and divine educa-
tion. Can there be a perfect civilization
with an imperfect educator? Undoubt-
edly no one but God, the creator, is able
to fulfill this great office. But as man
is incapab-le- of knowing God, because it
is impossible for the finite mind to com-
prehend the infinite, this awakening
must come. through certain channels
which are capable of man 's comprehen-
s10-n.
These ch.annels a.re certain men, chos-
en and prepared b-y God to express His
word in s:peech and writing and to mani-
fest it in their lives. These men are
likened unto polished mirrors which re-
flect perfectly the rays o-f the sun, but
which are not a. part 0-f that sun, and
are known as Manifestations of God.
"The ro-ot of all knowledge is the knowl-
edge of be to Him 
this knowledge is impossible save through
His Manifest-atio~n [Bah a 'o 'llah] .
From time to time such a. man ap-
pears, declares his mission to the world
and establishes a civilization--termed
dispensation--whicl1 lasts for centuries
and which becomes the focal point
around which the laws and lives of many
generations revolve. This civilization
which all the governments o-n the earth
have been unable to found, one holy man
estab-lishes without any material aid or
support. For example, Christ, singly
and alone, established a. cause and found-
ed a unio-n between many diverse com-
munities, which all the kings of the earth
had tried to establish and had failed.
History cites many notable examples of
this kind, among whom are Abraham,
Moses, Mohammed and Christ.
History also shows us that although
each one of these educators of the world
of humanity was of lowly and humble
birth, without schooling or instruction,
yet they were endowed with erudition,
and' the wisest philosophers have not dis-
played one-thousandth part of the infin-
ence manifested by these holy men.
This power was not due to their human
attainments. but to the divine word which
spoke through them. The divine words
of these educators of h>>umani_ty have
certain characteristics which prove them
to be from a. higher source than man.
It is their direct appeal to the hearts
and lives o-f men, rather than an appeal
to the intellects. The words of a great
writer appeal only to the mind of a
man, while the wo-rd of God, speaking
through. His Manifestations-, appeals di-
rectly to his heart o-r soul. The soul is
the lamp, while mind is the light which
comes from the lamp. Therefore, in
order to have illumination the lamp must
first be lit. This word of God has ever
enkindled the lamp of humanity. It
has made a resistless advance against all
powers, overcoming ignorance
and darkness, dispersing former concep-
tions and superstitions, and creating new
ideals and higher morals. Its perma-
nency has outlasted kingdoms, dynasties
and philosophies.

