34- STAR OF
great changes are to arise because of
the divine civilization the world must
found, that it seems almost impossible
to break the old condition without a
great War which will destroy the tra-
ditional usage. After that war will
necessarily come the great reorganiza-
tion and the Most Great Peace."
I Wish you would Walk, all of you,
before you leave. these lovely grounds,
through that marvelous Court of the
Colonnade before the Art Palace. You
know Mr. Metcalf, the architect of the
building, intended to erect a beautiful


THE WEST
end to the other, you see the marvelous
cloisters of Italy; you enter once more
the heavenly enclosure of Monreale in
Sicily; you recall the Moorish and
Christian civilization of the eleventh
and twelfth centuries which built such
noble cathedrals. Ah! you hear, also,
the irresistible words of St. Francis
laughe-d out to the listening world, say-
ing, as Abdul-Baha says today: "Be
happy! Above all things be happy,
and only thus be wise." As you walk
on, pausing under the dome for that
Whispering of the muse, which is such


"As you go past the dome to the other end of the colonnade, there begins to whisper in your
hearts and ears all the great new voices of the coming dawn."
classic Greco-Roman structure, but
When he began his Work it seemed that
some wonderful old Aztec ghost got
hold of him, and in spite of himself he
did not rear a Roman-Greek palace at
all! He raised an edifice the like of
which has never been seen before, and
he put before it this delightful colon-
nade which has in it the spirit of all
the cloisters of the past. You seem to
find there the quiet converse of Plat0's
academy, Confucius' whispering, and
the breath of Zoroaster's teaching.
Then, as you walk through it, from one
a presage of what the world is to do
and what our continent is to make in
the future, and as you go past the
dome to the other end of the colonnade,
there begins to Whisper in your hearts
and ears all the great new voices of
the coining dawn, that love of man to
man, and woman to woman, which is
an eternal love, which is outside of the
flesh, that love which is so sensitive
that it will not tolerate the existence
of pain in the world that may be re-
lieved, that love which creates beauty
because it is so happy and so glad to
(Continued on page thirty-eight)

