60 STAR OF
spirit, attaining a new spirit and real-
izing the life -everlasting. All these be-
liefs and all prophetic laws were for
these various purposes. Consequently,
we offer thanks to God that no mundane
relation obtains among us, 
to God!--ideal and divine bonds con-
nect us. We have gathered at this meet-
ing eagerly anticipating the showing
forth of the divine bestowals.
In bygone centuries, all the nations of
the world imagined that the law of God
was synonymous with blind imitation.
For example, the Jews were captives of
domestic, blind imitations. The Mussel-
men, or Mohammedans were also cap-
tives. The Christia.ns were followers of
old and ancient tradition and teachings.
The basic foundation of the religions of
God, which are ever conducive to good
fellowship, amity and love of humanity,
that foundation was forsaken and cast
aside, each religio-n held tenaciously to
certain imitations, and by dint of these
blind imitations, one was inimicable to
the other. On this account it was im-
possible for the religionists to gather in
a meeting, nor was it possible for them
to exe-rcise fellowship, even ordinary
conversation was considered contaminat-
ing, and every nation because of the her-
itage of blind imitations from ancestor-s
and forefathers and their tenacious hold
thereto was alienated from all the other
religions. There was no investigation of
reality at all. Every soul whosefather
chanced to be a Jew, turned out to be a
Jew, and every soul Whose father had
been a Mohammedan turned out to be a
Mohammedan, and every soul whose
forebear was .a Buddhist was likewise a
Buddhist. In brief, religion was a her-
itage which was bequeathed from an-
cestor to progeny, therefore there was
no investigation; consequently all were
at variance.
Praise be to Go-d, we are in this most
radiant century, wherein, human percep-
tions have developed and examination or
investigation of reality is conducted.
Eachiindividual of the human race is
THE WEST
bent on the revelation of reality. There-
fore it is behooving of this century that
we set aside all that savors of blind imi-
tation and impartially and independent-
ly investigate reality. Let us find out
what constitutes the reality of the di-
vine religions. For example, if a Chris-
tian sets aside all blind imitations
handed down by his forebears and
investigates the __reality of the teach-
ings of the Gospel, he will observe that
the foundatio-n of the teachings of his
holiness Christ constituted mercy, love,
good fellowship, humanitarianism, altru-
ism, and the resplendence or radiance of
the besto-wals of God, the acquisition of
the breaths of the holy spirit united to
oneness, even as he -declared: Verily,
the s-un of God shineth upon all human-
ity witho-ut exception, for it shineth up-
on the just and the unjust. What is the
meaning of this declaration 'ilwe may ask.
The meaning is this, that the mercy of
God encircles all, not a single individual
is deprived of the mercy of God; no soul
is deprived of the resplendency of the
bestowals of God. The whole human
race is submerged in the sea of the mercy
of the Lord and we are all the sheep of
God. If there is any shortcoming, it
must be eradicated; for example, the
man who is ignorant must be educated
in order that he may become wise the
man who is sickmust be treated in order
that he recover; the man Who is imma-
ture must be trained in order that he
may reach maturity; the man who is
asleep must be awakened. All this must
be accomplished in the utmost love and
not through hatred or ranoor. For in-
stance, his holiness Christ has declared:
Those having eyes yet they see not; hav-
ing ears yet they hear not; having
he-arts, yet they understand not. Just
as the prophet Isaiah foretold: But I
shall heal them. Hence, it becomes
evident that the bounties of Christ trans-
formed the which was blind into a
seeing one; the ear which was formerly
deaf, he rendered attentive; the heart
which was hard, he made tender; in

