132 STAR or' THE WEST
From that date, until the European War closed the door of direct com-
munication between Abdul-Baha and the Bahais of America, every year came
the call to the west to arise for the building of this great Bahai Institution,
this manifest sign of the oneness of humanity and the vitality of religion.
Have We been slow to understand its imperativeness?
"Today, in America, no matter is greater for the elevation of the Word of
God than the Mashrak-e1-Azkar."
"The question of Mashrak-el-Azkar is very important and is superior to
every matter."
"The Mashrak-el-Azkair is the most important matter and the greatest
divine institute."
"When the Mashrak-el-Azkar, with its accessories, is established in the
World, aside from its religious, or spiritual influence, it will have a tremendous
effect upon civilization."
"This organization 0-f the Mashrak-el-Azkar Will be a type for the coming
centuries and will hold the station of the Mother."
Have We in America been slow to comprehend our great responsibility,
our great privilege to serve the Cause of God, to influence civilization during
all the ages to come?
If We have been slow to comprehend, surely, this compilation of the utter-
ances of Abdul-Baha will awaken us, will inspire us, will stimulate us to greater
effort in the accomplishment of this--the supremest work in the Cause today.
The W0-rld is sick. The European tragedy grows in horror. In America
We hear rumors of War. To the Bahais of the World has been given the remedy
for the World's ills.
Do We in America believe it with a realization so deep and powerful that,
before another year has passed away, all obstacles shall be overcome and the
Walls of the first Mashrak-el-Azkar in America, the Mother Institution, shall rise
triumphantly, in proclamation to all humanity that the "Most Great Peace"
has come?
Unresting, let us strive for this prodigious achievement, that, When the door
of communication with Abdul-Baha is again open, We may say to him--
"The Bahais of the We-st have arisen greatly to service. Come to America
and lay the corner stone of the Mother of the World."
No message from America would stir more profoundly the great heart of
Abdul-Baha.
While he is still With us, let us respond to his call. Let us objectify our
supreme faith in his mission, in his station as the Center of God's Covenant.
'We Who have been called to the great serviceblet us arise!
(Signed) ALFRED E. LUNT, President,
ELLA G. Goorea, Vice-President,
ALBERT H. HALL, Treasurer,
OQRINNE TRUE, Financial Secretary,
HARLAN Fosrrza OBER, Secretary.
H. RANDALL,
EDWARD B. KINNEY,
A. R. VAIL,
H. HANNEN.

