STAR OF THE 95
eviden_ce, signed by my own written signature and not the signature on a
cablegram which cannot be substantiated. (Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
Message from Abdul-Baha in his own handwriting, to the American
Bahais, translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, September 18, 1913, Ramleh,
Egypt 
Any Persian, whether Bahai, or belonging to the ancient religions of Per-
sia--'in short, any Persian--with0ut carrying in his hand a letter either in my
handwriting, or signed with my signature, the believers must not associate
with him or speak to him, even if he is Shougi Effendi or Rouhi Effendi (the
two grandsons of Abdul-Baha). The friends must demand of him before any-
thing else, his credential letter, written in my handwriting, or signed with
my signature. (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Portion of a tablet to Mr. Charles Mason Remey, translated in Ramleh,
Egypt, September 23, 1913:
I have repeatedly Written that any Persianwalthough he be my relative
or Afnan--~if he has no credential in his hand, the believers must not at all
approach him, or associate With him, because all the enemies of the Cause in
Persia--Yahyais, Nakazeen and turning their attention to Amer-
ica and will come in order to weaken the Cause of God. You must protect
the Cause of God, and write to every one, and awaken all, that they must not
meet any Persian who has not in his hand a credential in my handwriting
and signature. (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
In response to a letter detailing the circumstances attending the arrival
in San Francisco of two Persians from India (via Honolulu), without creden-
tials, of their appearance at .a Bahai meeting, of their being advised to leave
and return to their hotel, and of their being entertained subsequently in the
home of a believer, the following tablet was revealed by Abdul-Baha. Trans-
lated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Ramleh, Egypt, September 30, 1913:
thou who are attracted to the Kingdom of Abha! Thy letter was re-
ceived. Its details concerning those two persons (Persians) became known.
You have acted most reasonably. Every Persian, or non-Persian, who comes
from the East and has not in his hand a letter from me, although he may be
one of my relatives, the believers must not receive him, neither should they
let him enter into their meetings. For some wolves are coming from Persia
to those parts in order to tear the sheep of God, and to scatter the seeds of
corruption and to become the means of division--especially the followers of
Mirza Yahya. To receive those souls would be like permitting a thief to enter
a home, or like letting a wolf into a flock (of sheep). Unquestionably this is
not permissible!
A man may receive his own enemy into his house and show him the utmost
respect and consideration, but it is not allowable to receive a thief into his
house, nor a traitor into his home, nor a wolf into the flock. This would be
injustice. Although the heart of the wolf is displeased at this, yet the sheep
of God must be protected . . . . . . .
. .
Show ye the utmost kindness toward enemies, that is, ignorant enemies,
but not toward traitorous and treacherous enemies. I hope that through the
divine bounty and favor you may be guarded and protected.
Say to those two persons (Persians) "Because we have explicit instruc-
tions in regard to this matter We cannot disobey them. It would have been

