24 srxa or
therefore, a false theory and may be ex-
cluded.
As to the second form of 
involuntary-this means that each ele-
ment has Within itself as an inherent
property the power of composition. For
example, the inherent quality of fire is
burning or heat; heat is a property of
fire. Humidity is the inherent nature
or property of water. You cannot con-
ceive of I-I20, which is the chemical form
of water, without having humidity as-
sociated, for that is an inherent quality
of water. The power of attraction has as
its function attractive or magnetic qual-
ities. We cannot separate attraction
from that power. The power of repul-
sion has as its function 
ing off. You cannot separate the effect
from the cause. If these premises be
they are self-evident--then it
would be impossible for a composite be-
ing, for certain elements which have gone
into the make-up of a composite organ-
ism, to ever be decomposed, because the
inherent nature of each element would be
to hold fast together. As fire cannot be
separated from heat, likewise the ele-
mental being could not be subjected to
decomposition, and this does not hold
true, because we see decomposition every-
where. Hence this theory is untrue, inas-
much as we observe that after each com-
position there is a process of decomposi-
tion, which forever ends it. By this We
learn that composition as regards phe-
nomena is not accidental or not involun-
tary. Then what have We left as a form
of composition"? It is the voluntary form
of composition, which means that com-
position is effected through a superior
will--that there is will expressed in
this motive or action. It is thus proved
that the existence of phenomena is ef-
fected through the eternal will, the
will of the living, eternal and self-
subsistent, and this is a rational proof
concerning composition, whereof there is
no doubt or uncertainty. Furthermore, it
is quite evident that our kind of life, our
form of existence is limited, and that the
reality of all accidental phenomena is
THE WEST
likewise limited. The very fact that the
reality of phenomena is limited well in-
dicates that there must needs be an un-
limited reality, for were there no unlim-
ited or infinite reality in life, the finite
being of objects would be inconceivable.
To make it plainer for you,--if there
were no wealth in the world you would
not have poverty. If there were no light
in the world you could not conceive of
darkness. Why"! Because we know
things philosophically by their antithe-
ses. We know for example that poverty
is the lack of Wealth. 'Where there is no
knowledge there is no ignorance. What
is ignorance? It is the absence of knowl-
edge. Therefore, our limited existence is
a proof conclusive that there is a reality
unlimited, and this is a shining proof and
evident argument. I have been speaking
today from morning until now. This
evening I have analyzed this subject for
you. Many are the proofs concerning
this matter, but there is not time to go
into the subject further, for there is still
another meeting and engagement to be
kept. Therefore, I beg your pardon and
indulgence.
As I said before, this is our last even-
ing, and I ask God that His confirma-
tions may encompass you; that your
hearts may become radiant; that your
eyes become illumined through witness-
ing the signs of God; that your ears
hearken to the anthems of heaven; that
your faces be set aglow with the radiant
light of the word of God. May you all
be united; may you be agreed, may you
serve the solidarity of mankind. May you
be well-wishers of all humanity. May
you be assistants of every poor one. May
you be nurses for the sick. May you be
s-ources of comfort to the broken in heart.
May you be a refuge for the refugee.
May you be a source of courage to the
aifrighted one. Thus through the favor
and assistance of God may the standard
of the happiness of humanity in the cen-
ter of the world be held aloft, and may
this flag be unfurled.
Adieu to each and all of you!

