STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as b_rothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened:
that diversity of religion shall cease and ditferences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VI Kowl 1, 71 (November Z3, 1915) No. 14
[Following its usual custom, this issue of the STAR on THE WEST emphasizes "The Center of
The Covenant" in__the person and function of ABDUL-BAHA, inasmuch as the Twentgv-sixth of
November the Feast of the Appointment of The Center of The (fditorsl
These Great Days are swiftly passing and once gone can
never be recalled; so while the rays of the Sun of Truth
are still shining, and the of the CQVENANT
of is manifest, let us go forth to work, for after a
while the night will come and the way to the Vineyard
will not then be so easy to find." 
The Covenant of God*
By GEORGE O. LATIMER
enant and Testament" of God has
been given to man through the proph-
ets and in order to clearly and fully co-m-
prehend the Bahai Revelation it is neces-
sary to understand the meaning and pur-
pose of this Covenant and Testament as
it has existed in past ages as Well as its
importance in this present. day. As the
term implies, a "covenant' means a com-
pact or an agreement and a "testament"
is a document by Which one disposes of
his property after his death. In legal
phraseology the term, covenant, is used
in the sense oi' a mutual promise and
necessarily implies that the-re are two
parties to the agreement: the promisor
and the promisee. The promisor agrees
to fulfill certain conditions upon the per-
forming of certain acts by the promisee.
Now the "Covenant of G~od" is a
promise, with the Creator as the party
of the first part and the people of the
wo-rld as the party of the s-econd, that
"at the 'end of the days,' God will es.-

IN all the Holy Scriptures the "Cov-
tablish His kingdom on earth as it is in
heaven." In each successive cycle this
Covenant or promise has been renewed
with man by the Word of God speaking
through His Manifestations, but each
time it has been given in a different testa-
mentary form. A testament requires two
Witnesses to make it valid, and the pre-
ceeding and succeeding prophet in each
dispensation have been these witnesses.
For example, Moses promised the coming
of Christ and Christ said that he ful-
filled the prophecy of Moses, thus these
two were the witnesses to God 's Coven-
ant, and in like manner, this has been
the case in every age.
The subject is clearly explained in the
following tablet from the pen of Abdul-
Baha:
"His holiness him be
peace--made a covenant concerning his
holiness Moses and gave the glad-tidings
of his coming. His holiness Moses made
a covenant concerning the 'promised
one,' i. his holiness Christ, and an-
*N0te--Compiled in Stuttgart, Germany, during August, 1914. This manuscript was presented to
Abdul-Baha personally by Mr. Latimer while in Akka in October of the same year. Abdul-Baha gave
consent to its publication.--The Editors.

