STAR OF THE WEST 1.25
If the people of the World could un-
stop their ears and listen to this spiritual
all-inclusive principle, the-re were no
need of these Wars and their calamitous
results. They would have then acknowl-
edged that God is the Father of all man-
kind irrespective of race, religion and na-
tionality, that He is the Universal Shep-
herd, that We are all His sheep, that He
is so kind and: benevolent as to feed us,
protect us, nourish us and surround us
with the white fluttering Wings of His
protection. They would have then con-
fessed the brotherhood of man is not a
utopian, unpractical dream; that the
Fatherhood of God is not a visionary
theory Without basic foundation and that
international conciliation and amity are
not Wild doctrines of dreamers. These
ideas Would have then become the mov-
ing policies of their administrations and
activities.
In short, now that the Whole World is
drinking from this over-flowing cup of
sorrow, our friends in Persia are holding
in their hands similar gob-lets filled with
the same nectar, Hero-ically they are giv-
ing up everything in the path of God, en-
during incredible hardships for the sake
of Truth. We beg of you to pray for
them in your meetings and gatherings,
so that G-0d may send down upon them
His confirrnation and aid to Withstand all
the tests in this dark night. 'We also
pray for them in this Holy Land.' They
are indeed the true soldiers of the Lord,
the humble servants of the Most High
and the burning t.o-rches of guidance.
The efiect of their patience and self-
sacrifice Will illumine the hearts of the
seekers of Truth and their example Will
be followed by generations yet unborn.
Please give my faithful greetings to all
the friends. I think of them and never
forget them. I am as ever your sincere
brother,
(Signed) Ahmad.
Vifashington, D. O., Oct. 28, 1915.
Dear Brother Wind11st:--From a letter
just at hand, addressed to me by Mir-za-
Ahmad Sohrab under date September
16, 1915, I quote the following:
"As usual Abdul-Baha gives wonder-
ful talks almost every day, and they are
preserved for future distribution. There
must be great Wisdom in the ending of
all the former relations between the east
and the West, in fact Abdul-Baha has
repeatedly asserted this point, exhorting
us to be patient and long-suffering, and
that brighter and happier days are in
store for the people of the World. He
says this is like the season of Winter--
frosty, snowy, Windy and cold; this is
the night of the World, dark, gloomy and
forbidding. But even during the inky
night We can look heavenward and be-
hold the shining stars suspended in
the limitless, unfathomable. space. Vile
can study the book of the firmanient and
decipher its brilliant alpha-
bet of this mat-chless creation. There
in yon blue vault is the Wonderful
Venus, the luminous Orion and Pleiades,
the great planets, the scintillating con-
stellations, the Milky I/Vay begemmed
with millions of suns and stars! Is not
this in itself a great consolation, a source
of infinite comfort'? The darker the
night, the more brilliant the stars. In
a Way we must be thankful for the com-
ing of the night, for it makes it possible
for us to see and the starry
hosts of heaven. In a similar manner
these sad events will b-ring forth and
create better entdronment for humanity,
causing the stars of divine qualities to
shine forth with greater brilliancy. Those
who cannot look toward heaven and see
the stars of hopeful promises twinkling
with dazzling beauty, who complain on
account of the enveloping darkness, are
indeed blind, deaf and speechless. Only
the seer, the thinker, the poet, are en-
dowed With this invisible power of visu-
alization. Abdul-B aha desires us to gain
this heavenly vision, this spiritual hope,
this radiant faith so that We may be able
to serve our fellow-men.
my 
We are all very Well; especially

