STAR OF THE WEST 117
and bloody destruction of mankind. One
has only to look at the present condition
existing in the world and ask himself if
it is the divine will of God that nine
nations o-f the world sho-uld be at war
with one another thus destroying the
grea.test of all G0d's handiwork. The
very foundations of our existence have
been shaken b=y division and inharmony,
strife an.d enmity, o-ppression and in-
equality. The conflict of thoughts and
ideas is raging; one sees the persecution
of the po-or and hears the sighs of agony
o-f the wretched. From all sides sound
the discordant strains of the folly and
heedlessness of those who have turne-d
from God. The rights of men, nations
and races have been lo-st in the whirlpool
of greed, thoughtlessness and ambition;
even the very right of existence is de-
nied! to some. This is indeed the time
of calamity a.nd separation of which
Christ spoke (Mark 13 "For nation
shall rise against nation and kingdom
against kingdom! and there shall be
earthquakes in divers places-, and there
shall b-e famines and troubles: these are
the beginnings of sorrows."
In the spiritual world there is a sim-
ilar c~o-nfiict. Theology is arrayed
against science, creeds and dogmas deaf-
en the ears of man, and forms and cere-
monies blind his sight. In the United
States alone there are one hundred and
thirty-two Christian sects, each one pro-
fessing to- have the only true way o-f at-
taining the kingdom, thus disobeying
the express c=omm-andments of all the
divine messengers. In like manner in
the eastern world there are antagonizing
sects among the Mo-hammedans, Budd-
hists and Hindoo-s, each claiming to be
the pure religion of God.
But how can the glo-rio-us and heav-
enly kingdom o-f God be established
amidst this mess without first laying the
essential foundation of unity, peace and
justice'! Is it no-t time for a new guide
to come and clea.r away the debris of
ignorance and superstition and again
make manifest the path. of God?
Fortunately there is a ray of hope
for the world is. a-quiver with the long-
ing and expectation of the appearance
of the new Sun of Truth, the new peace-
maker. The Jews are expecting the
co-ming of the Messiah; the Christians
are loo-king for the second coming of
Christ, and in the eastern world a simi-
lar anticipation is prevalent. The Mos-
lems expect the coming of their prom-
ised one, the Imam Mahdi, the Budd-
hists hope for the coming of the fifth
Buddha, the Zoroastrians are longing for
Shah Bahrain, and the Hindoos await
the appearance of the tenth incarnation
of truth, called Kalki, while the people
of modern and advanced thought are
expecting the coming of the Great Mas-
ter who will right all the conditions of
this decadent wo-rld.
In o-rder to bring about this change
and to cure all the ailments of mankind
this Great Master must fulfill certain
conditions: "He must be the educator
of the world o-f humanity; his teachings
must be universal and confer illumina-
tion upon mankind; his knowledge must
be innate and spontaneous, and not ac-
quired; he must answer the questions
0-f all the sages, solve all the difficult
problems of humanity, and be able to
withstand all the persecutions and suf-
ferings heaped upon him; he must be a
joy-bringer and the herald of the king-
dom of happiness; his knowledge must
be infinite and' his wisdom al1-compre-
hensive; the penetration of his word and
the potency of his influence must be so
great as to humble even his worst ene-
mies sorrows and tribuations must not
vex him. His courage and conviction
must be God-like. Day by day he must
become firmer and more zealous; he must
be the es-tablisher of universal civiliza-
tion, the unifier of religions, the stand-
ard-bearer of universal peace, and the
embodiment of all the highest and noblest
virtues of the world of 
*From a talk given by Abdul-Baha to a. large
delegation of Theosophists in Hotel Ritz, Buda-
pest, April 11, 1913.

