STAR or THE WEST 127
It is attacked by the germs of despotism
and oppression; the microbes of injus-
tice and inequality have entered the sys-
tem, the b-acteria of deceit and hypocrisy
are multiplying; the savagery 0-f bloody
war and relentless strife have gripped
and distorted the body; the scourge of
license and calumny has left its deep pit-
marks; the disintegrating forces of pa-
triotic, social and religious prejudices are
attacking man from all sides>>. The air
has become contaminated with blind dog-
mas, oreeds and superstitions and man 's
sustenance is befouled by pride, lust
and! selfishness. Man is gasping for re-
lief from this disease of repulsion, dis-
cord, hatred and separation. The old
teachings are insufficient for today, they
cannot cure every disease and are not
an ointment for every wound.
Now in this hour of extreme crisis the
Divine Physician has again come in the
person 0-f Baha'o'llah and has given the
allaying remedies of attraction, harmony,
unity and love. He has prescribed anti-
dotes, free from all toxins, which have
the power to cure our spiritual as well as
sociologic sickness. His medicine" is the
panacea for every disease in the wo-rl-d
today. The divine healer, Christ, ad-
ministered to the needs 0-f his time but
he did not give his full treatment for he
said: have many things to tell you,
but you cannot bear them now." His
treatment had to do with the individual,
while the remedies of Baha'o-'llah are for
the community at large. He has diag-
nosed} every sickness 0-f the body o-f the
World and prescribed remedies accord-
ingly. His treatment is for the body
politic and in administering it he says to
the world of humanity: "The progress
of man depends upon faithfulness, vvis-
dom, chastity, intelligence and deeds. He
is ever degraded by ignorance, lack of
faith, untruth and selfishness. Verily,
man is not called man until he be imbued
with the attributes of the Merciful. He
is not man because of wealth and adorn-
ment, learning and refinement. Blessed
is he who is free from the names, seek-
ing the shore of the sea of purity and
loving the melody of the dove of virtue."
In a similar way all the demands of our
p-resent stage of civilization are provided
for and everything that has been a hinId-
rance and a setback to improvement has
been cast aside.
These material changes, however, are
the no-n-essentials and have been aptly
termed the accidentals of religion. Ab-
dul-Baha writes: "In this great cycle
and wonderful dispensation, the majority
of those non-essential commands which
refer to the body are- to be administered
by the Blouse of Justice, because this
great cycle is of long duration, this great
age is vast, continuous and' eternal, and
since changes and alterations are the
characteristic and necessary demands of
the world, therefore these material com-
mands will be administered according to
the exigencies of the time, but the very
founda-Mon of the law of God has never
been nor will be altered. The same foun-
dation, which is the basis of the law of
Ada.m, Noah, Abraham, Moses, Christ,
Mohammed and all the prophets, is again
to be found in the teachings of the Bab,
Baha 'o 'llah and Abdul-B aha.
To sum up- wh.at has already been said,
we find that the second part of the law
or word of God consists of teachings
which are concerned with the material
welfare of man. It is composed of in-
structions relating to prayer, fasting,
forms 0-f wforship, marriage and divorce,
legal processes, the abolition of slavery
and the method.' of treatment for crim-
inals, etc. This part of the divine law
is modified and altered according to the
condition of mankind in each prophetic
cycle. "Thile on the other hand the first
part of the law of God is never abro-
gated because it is spiritual and not ma-
terial truth. It comprises faith, knowl-
edge, rectitudie, justice, piety, righteous-
ness, trustworthiness, love of G-od, in-
ward peace, purity, severance, humility,
meekness, patience, constancy and all the
heavenly attributes. It causes man to
care fo-r the wretched, to uplift the down-
trodden, to give to the needy and to de-
fend the oppressed. It makes man treat

