96 STAR or THE 
better for you to have gone first to Akka, and, receiving permission and cre-
dentials, to have come to America from there. Then you would have experi-
enced the utmost c-onsideration. You must. likewise obey this command. If
you are sincere believers, act according to this clear injunction." (Signed-)
ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Portion of a tablet to Miss Juliet Thompson, New York City, translated
by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, October 29, 1913, Ramleh, Egypt:
Convey this message to each and all the believers in New York: Any
person who comes to America from the East, whether Bahai or non-Bahai,
although he may be one of my relatives, such as Mirza alal, Mirza Mohsen and
Mirza Hadi (the three sons-in-law of Abdul-Baha), Who has not in his hand
a letter of permission in my handwriting and signature, the believers of Cod
must not at all approach him, but shun him and know that he is a 
he has come to scatter the flock; a thief--he has come to rob the house . . . .
. .
From a tablet to the friends of God and the maid-servants of the Merciful,
United States of America; translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, home of Abdul-
Baha, Mount Carmel, Haifa, Syria, April 19, 1914. (These words are in the
handwriting of Abdul-Baha) 
If a Persian comes from the Ea-st to those parts--supposing the impossible:
Although he may be my own son, or the only daughter of 
out having in his hand an epistle with my own hand and myown signature,
to meet and hold conversation with him is forbidden. For whosoever goes to
America without permission has no other aim save sedition and the violation
of the Covenant. (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Tablet to Mr. Roy C. Wilhelm, New York City, translated by Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab, August 2, 1913, Ramleh, Egypt:
The confirmation of the Kingdom of Abha shall descend uninterruptedly
upon those souls who are firm in the Covenant. Thou hast well observed that
every firm one is assisted and aided and every violator is degraded, humiliated
and lost. It is very astonishing that people are not admonished. They ha.ve
observed how Mirza Mohamed Ali on account of the violation of the Covenant
descended to the lowest degree of humiliation, and yet they do not become
mindful. They have seen' how others through disobedience to the Testament
have fallen into a well of degradation, and yet they are not awakened. This
Covenant is the Covenant of his holiness, Baha'o-'llah. Now its importance is
not known befittingly; but in the future it shall attain to such a degree of
importance that if a king violates to the extent of one atomlhe shall be cut
ofl' immediately.
Consider that during the life of Christ--May my life be a sacrifice to him-!
--his cause had no importance whatsoever; nay, rather the people scoffed and
ridiculed him, and according to the text of the Gospel they called him Beezle-
bub. Now you can see the importance which it had later. (Signed-) ABDUL-
BAHA Arms.
In the light of the foregoing, further comment on our part is unnecessary.
"Peace be upon those who follow guidance."
It is evident that those who are favored with a written word of approval
from Abdul-Baha should receive every consideration. Lua Getsinger has been
thus favored; "she is worthy of love." Editors.

