STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of afiection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VI Kudrat 1, 71 (November 4, 1915) No. 13
Addresses by Abdul-Baha delivered
at Washington, D. C.
ADDRESS DELIVERED AT A BAHAI BANQUET, HALL,
NOVEMBER 9, 1912.
Dr. Ameen U. Fareed, interpreter; stenographic notes by Mr. Joseph H. Hannen.
FEEL a keen sense of joy in being
I present at this banquet this evening.
For--praise be to God see be-
fore me countenances which are radiant;
ears which hear, which hearken to the
melodies of the supreme concourse;
hearts Which are set aglow With the fire
of the love of God; spirits Which are ex-
hilarated through the glad-tidings of
God; souls sheltered beneath the over-
shadowing power of the Kingdom of
Abha. I see before me here an assem-
blage of souls Who are of the "chosen"
and no-t of the "many called." And it
is my hope that through the favors of
Baha'o'llah he may keep all of you at-
tracted to his Kingdom; that he may
render you victorious in your service to
the oneness and solidarity of men. May
he assist all of those who- are firm in
establishing the unity and the oneness
of the inhabitants of this earth. May all
of you thereby become my partners and
co-sharers in servitude.
Supplication
Lord! Confirm and aid this assem-
blage. Confirm these souls through the
breaths of Thy holy spirit. Enlighten
the eyes by Witnessing these radiant
lights, and render the ears happy
through Thy anthems and Thy sum-
mons. God! Verily We have gathered
here in the utmost of love. We have
turned to Thy Kingdom. We seek
naught save Thee, and desire naught
save Thy good pleasure! God! Let
this food be Thy manna from heaven,
and suffer this assemblage to be a con-
course of Thy supreme ones. May they
be the cause of lo-ve to humanity and
the source of illumination to the human
race. May they be the instruments of
guidance upon the earth. For verily
Thou art Powerful, Thou art the Giver,
Thou art the Forgiver and Thou art the
Almighty!
After anointing and semring
In the World there have been organ-
ized many banquets, assemblages or
meetings. There have been m-any ban-
quets held; but those assemblages have
gathered either for commercial purposes
or have met in commemoration of po-
litical achievements. Meetings have
been held for financing certain plans
0-r for the promulgation of certain sci-
entific accomplishments. They have
been held to establish agricultural indus-
tries or for territorial agreements. Many
are the -assemlblagcs which have been
held in the World fo-r consultation upon
subjects of learning and education.
These meetings have had for their object
the advancement of civilization. But-

