STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES .4 YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn $treet, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post oflice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.,'
EditorialSta_fi: R. ZIA M. 
Honorary Ilflemherr M11524 AHMAD SOHRAB i 7 
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Not: -- Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Oriiers payable to NEWS P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, 111,, U, S. A.
To personal checln please' aclcl suificlent to cover the bani: exchange.
1 7 
Address all communications to BAHAI SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS con!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these _dEURDend firmness>> 
firmness! (Signed) ABBAS.
V01. v1 Wl3,aha (March 21, 1915) r~io.ii
Auah,0,Abha! Naurooz Greeting
The seventy-first year of the Millennium has dawned. It is still the spiritual
springtime of the Bahai Dispensation. The divine fragrances are being diffused.
If We are not ha-ppy at this time, at what other period shall we be happy"?
But springtime brings with it violent storms, the flash of lightnings, the roar
of and the downpour of rain. Young plants are almost uprooted.
It is a. day of severe trial. Black clouds have covered the whole horizon;
yet the spiritual soul rejoices knowing that after the storm, the air will be pure,
the ground sweetened, the plants refreshed, the sunshine glorious.
The doors to the Orient are closed. All communication with Abdul-Baha is
severed. Europe is War swept. America has severe problems to be solved. The
world is topsy-turvy. 
The STAR or THE WVEST feels the storm. It has had to reef its sails. It will
refrain from publishing the Persian section for the time being or until the doors
of the Orient are opened. The English section, for a. few issues, Will contain
only eight pages.
In the Tablet to the STAR or THE (see above), Abdul-Baha says:
"Be thou happy; but remain firm." This we are endea-voring to do until the
sky clears and the STAR becomes "the object of the a-tt-ention of tho friends
and the center of the generosity o-f the leaders of the faith who are firm in the
Coven ant.' 
Until then. let us all "Be happy," for at what other season should spiritually
minded, souls be happy? --The E'd'iZ'01?s.
"My Purpose and Intention is to Remove from Amongst Men
this Enmity and Religous Hatred"
(Continued from page five)
in the presence of the king, he was study the arts and sciences with the
poisoned. Likewise Hippocrates and learned Israelitish doctors.
many other of the Greek philosophers Now, so long as his holiness Moses,
were Wont to go to the Holy Land and through the results of his great mission,

