 on run 23
put itself in touch with the human ex-
istence or reality"? Evidently not. It is
entirely out of tune with the human
kingdom; it is not possessed of the capac-
ity, although both man and the flower
have been created. But the difference
in the degrees between the vegetable and
the human is ever a hindrance, an ob-
stacle. Inasmuch as the degree of capac-
ity appertaining to this plant is inferior
to our human kingdom, consequently it
is entirely impossible for the plant, which
is inferior, to comprehend man who is
superior, although both are accidental or
created. We are created; likewise this
plant is existent, this mineral exists,
this wood exists; but can this flooring
here comprehend those who are standing
upon it? Imposs-ible. Wliy? Because
sight and hearing are properties or facul-
ties belonging to a higher kingdom than
the mineral. The difference between
these two kingdoms, the vast difference
between the mineral kingdom and the
human kingdom is a hindrance to com-
prehension.
How then can the reality o-f man which
is accidental, ever comprehend the Real-
ity of God which is eternal? It is self-
evidently an impossibility. Hence We
can observe the traces and attributes of
God which are resplendent in all phe-
nomena and shining as the sun at mid-
day, and know surely that these emanate
from an infinite source. Vile know that
they come from a source which is in-
finite indeed!
Furthermore: It is a philosophical
principle that the existence of phenom-
ena implies composition, and that mor-
tality or non-existence is equivalent to
decomposition. For example, certain ele-
ments have come together and as a result
of that composition man is here. Certain
elements have entered into the structure
of this flower. Certain organic or cellu-
lar elements have been utilized in the
composition of every animal organism.
Therefore, we can state that existence
necessitates composition and death is
another expression for decomposition.
When there is disintegration amongst
these composing elements, that is death.
That is mortality. The elements, which
have gone into the body of this flower
and which have given existence to this
form and shape, will finally disintegrate;
--this beautiful organism will decompose
--and this we call mortality, death. Con-
sequently the conclusion is that life
means composition and death spells de-
composition. On this account the 1nater-
ialists are of the opinion that life is the
mere conjoining of elemental substances
into myriad forms and shapes. The ma-
terialist comes to the conclusion that life
in other words means composition; that
wherever we find single elements com-
bined in aggregate form there we behold
the phenomena of organic life that every
organic composition is organic life. Now
if life means composition of elements
then the materialist may come to the con-
clusion of the non-necessity of a coin-
poser, the non-necessity of a creator; for
composition is all there is to it, and that
is accomplished by adhesion or cohesion.
In response to this we say that composi-
tion must needs" be of three kinds. This
is a very important and subtle question.
Give it your fullest attention. Then you
will appreciate the point. One form of
composition is termed philosophically
the accidental form, another the volun-
tary, or a third, the involuntary com-
position. As to the first or accidental
composition; accidental composition,
would signify that certain elements
through inherent qualities and powers of
attraction or affinity have been gathered
blended together and
composed a certain form, being or organ-
ism. This can be proven to be false;
for composition is an effect, and philo-
sophically no effect is conceivable with-
out causation. No effect can be conceived
of without some primal cause. For ex-
ample, this heat is an effect; but that
energy which gives forth this phenom-
enon of heat is the cause. This light is
an effect, b-ut back of it is the energy
which is the cause. Is it possible for this
light to be separated from the energy
whereof it is a property? That is impos-
sible and inconceivable. It  selrf-evi--
dently false. Accidental is,

