STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
V01. VI Rahmat 1, 71 (]une 24, 1915) No. 6
Latest news of Abdul-Baha
Cairo, Egypt, May 13, 1915.
Mr. Charles Mason Remey.
Dear Bahai Brother-- . . . . You will be glad to hear the latest
good news which we have had of Abdul-Baha. Two Persian Bahais--one a resi-
dent of Cairo and the other of Haifa--ma.naged to get on a steamer at Haifa
and were allowed to come to Egypt. They were searched, and could bring no
letters nor" papers, and that is' why l\'lirza Sohrab could not send by them any
mail for America. They tell me that Abdul-Baba is very well and happy; his
health is very good, and he laughs much and is in excellent spirits. He is hap-
pier than at any time since the war began. They have enough to eat as supplies
are brought in from the country villages--vegetables, fruits, grains, eggs, meat,
etc. The holy family and Lua Getsinger have been staying in a village two hours
inland from Acca, but now they are all returning to Haifa, as Abdul-Baha
considers it safe for them all to remain in their own homes at Haifa. You will
all rejoice with us over this favorable news of Abdul-Baha. . . . . .
Faithfully yours in the name of El-Abha.
Elmore Hlscock.
"The Worst enemies of the Cause are
in the Cause"
Utterances of Abdul-Baha in answer to questions asked by Dr. Edward C.
Getsinger during a few brief meetings at Haifa, Syria, January 26 to
February 5, 1915, and recorded by Dr. Cretsinger at the time.
I OBSTACLE should be placed before any soul which might prevent it
from finding the truth. Baha'o'llah revealed his directions, teachings,
and laws, so that souls might know God, and not that any utterance
might become an obstacle in their way.
Holding to the letter of the law is many times an indication of a desire for
leadership. One who assumes to be the enforcer of the law shows an intellectual
understanding of the Cause, but that spiritual guidance in them is not yet es-
tablished.
The alphabet of things is for children, that they may in time use their
reasoning powers. "Following the spirit" is a guidance by and through the
heart, the prompter of the spirit. The Pharisees were extremely orthodox, hold-
ing strictly to the law. They were the cause of the condemnation and ultimate
crucifixion of Jesus.
Several times tablets have been written to some friends regarding a small
detail in the Work of the Cause, which they might attend to, such as reporting

