166 STAR OF
Arthur Pillsbury Dodge and Elizabeth A. Dodge at the
time they first received the Bahai Message in Chicago.
the early fall of 1897.
dence at the Ninety-fifth street meetings
before this time. He was greatly b-e-
loved by my father, and was of great
assistance with his Arabic translations
of the Holy Utterances.
In August, 1900, my father and moth-
er, and Mrs. William H. Hoar, set sail
for Acca, and were met at the pier in
Haifa by forty of the Persian believers.
Often did my father comment upon the
great spiritual light in their faces, mak-
ing it easy to distinguish the believers
from the other natives in the street or
anywhere one passed or came upon
them!
They remained in the Holy Household
in Acca for nine days with Abdul-Baha,
and my father spent nearly all of the
time with him, receiving the blessed in-
structions straight. from the fountain-
head. He also studied much during his
stay at Acca with Mirza Abul Fazl, the
great Persian historian, and became
thoroughly conversant with the history
of the Bahai Revelation in Persia and
elsewhere.
Sailing away from Haifa on the same
ship that brought my father, mother
and Mrs. Hoar, bound for America, were
Mirza Assad'Ullah, Hadji Ha-ssan Khor-
osani and Rhoui Effendi, who reached
New York while father was in the East.
THE WEST
ln Beyrout father, mother and Mrs-.
Hoar were beautifully entertained by
Mohammad Mustapha Bagdadi, father of
Dr. Zia Bagdadi, and in Acca by the
Turkish Governor of the Province. Like-
wise by various good friends in Cairo,
Port Said, Alexandria, and all along the
Way.
Returning from Acca. my father gave
the Message on board ship in the Medi-
terranean, and in London he gave the
glad tidings to Canon \Vilberforce of
'Westminster Abbey, among others. In
London he had long talks about the
Bahai Revelation With Prof. Edward G.
Browne of Cambridge UniVersity--the
great authority on Persian and other ori-
ental languages and history; and With
Prof. E. Denison Ross, also a Persian
scholar and historian.
One of the latest pictures taken ot Mr. Dodge,
and a very good likeness.
While in London, the guest of Mrs.
Thornburgh Cropper, Prof. Browne
made a masterly translation of perhaps
the most Wonderful of all of the blessed
tablets that Abdul-Baha had Written in
his own hand for my father and in his
presence in Aeca, explaining the three

