STAR OF THE WEST 39
asked to speak first, principally be-
cause I shall not have to speak very
long, and particularly because the
Words of Director Britton brought a
great lump in my throat. I am not
even going to wait for the end to ex-
press your sentiments and mine in
thanking Director Britton and this
committee for the very deep feeling of
gratitude we have, that they have
take-n us right into the heart of the
ideal of this great Exposition; We en-
ter that heart bringing to it the pulsa-
tions of the love of humanity, and We
take to its mind the highest vision that
God has given us.
We knew, before We had stepped a
single foot in San Francisco, that We
were to enter the very melting pot of
the East and the West, where all
emerge as brothers. "California Wel-
comes the paean of broth-
erhood!
Our hearts were deeply touched by
this wonderful reception, and as I
walked through the grounds this
morning it see-med to me that right out
there Aladdin stood with his Wonderful
lamp, and just wished that the most
marvelous city the world has ever seen
should immediately descend into exist-
ence, expressing the very epitome of
architectural and scientific beauty.
This city is a city of oneness, because
every nation of the world has contrib-
uted to its growth. This city expresses
the sacrifice and the love of California
and San Francisco for humanity, be-
cause in the very midst of war and
strife it has patiently worked to rear
this wonderful City of Peace, that it
may be the herald to the whole World
of the peace in the hearts of this na-
tion, and the example of the bestowals
of peace. Yes, and even more than
that, for this city has been reared and
elevated in all its magical beauty of
light upon the shores of the greatest
ocean, which is named for peace.
The Golden Gate is the hope of hu-
manity. T.l1e gift that every nation has
to give to every other nation is not its
commercialism. It is the wealth of its
spiritual culture. Prejudice--religious,
social and racial--has seemed to block
up the arteries of mankind; it has
choked the flow of that love and wis-
dom which come from the great heart
and the great mind of the great Power
of all. The Bahai Revelation, in its
eifort, is seeking to break down all
these barriers, every barrier of preju-
dice, every race hatred, every religious
misunderstanding, that through this
great organism of humanity may fiow,
from the heart and mind of all, the
love and the bestowal that the Creator
has in store for us, if we only lift up"
our eyes and our hearts to receive the
gift.
Baha'o'llah, in the time of darkness,
arising in Persia some fifty or sixty
years ago, has returned to the World
that gift of God whereby man shall be-
come acquainted with the knowledge of
God. The gift has always been in the
possession of the world. Every prophet
that has come has brought this gift,
this vision, and it is the very continuity
of prophetic vision, but the world has
not received it. Mankind has gone on
in its isolation, although God has never
been isolated from man.
I am not going to make a speech this
morning. I am just going to give an
illustration.
The heart and the core of the Bahai
Movement is unity. Every kingdom in
the world grows and thrives and brings
forth its hidden secrets because of the
fact that it is under the law of unity.
There are no eight-hour labor days in
the sun. The sun has no night; it just
keeps right on shining. And it shines
because it loves to shine, and there is
no consciousness of effort; and we
never hear a sunbeam come to us with
complaint, because every molecule of
the sun is affinitized with every other
molecule, and there is expressed there
such a perfect and absolute unity that
the expression of the whole is a radi-

