STAR OF THE 133
Utteranccs of Abdul-Baha upon the
Mashrak-cl-Azkar
erection of the Mashrak-el-Azkar
(the Bahai Temple) in Ishkabadvvith
all joy and great happiness. The friends
of God assembled together with rejoic-
ing and conveyed the stones themselves,
upon their backs, While attracted by the
love of God and for the glory of God.
Soon that great Temple will be com-
pleted and the voice of prayer and praise
shall ascend to the Sublime Kingdom.
I was rejoiced through your endeavors
in this glorious Cause, made with joy
and good interest. I pray God to aid
you in exalting His Word, and in estab-
lishing the Temple o-f Worship, through
I-Iis grace and ancient mercy. Verily,
ye are the first to arise for this glorious
Cause in that vast region. Soon will ye
see the spread of this enterprise in the
world, and its resounding voice shall go
through the ears of the people in all
parts.
Elxert your energy in accomplishing
what ye have undertaken, so that this
glorious Temple may be built, that the
beloved of God may assemble therein and
that they may pray and offer glory to
God for guiding them to His Kingdom.
[Translated May 30, 1903.]
I SEND you the glad tidings of the
Now the day has arrived in which the
edifice of God, the divine sanctuary,
the spiritual Temple, shall be erected in
America.
I entreat God to assist the confirmed
believers in accomplishing this great
service and with entire zeal to rear this
mighty structure, which shall be re-
nowned throughout the world. The sup-
port of God will be with those believers
in that district, that they may be suc-
cessful in their undertaking. For the
Cause is this is the first
Mashrak-el-Azkar in that country, and
from it the praise of God shall ascend
to the Kingdom of Mystery and the tu-
mult of His exaltation and greeting from
the Whole World shall be heard.
Whose-ever arises for the service of
this building shall be assisted with great
power from His Supreme Kingdom and
upon him spiritual and heavenly bless-
ings shall descend, Which shall fill his
heart with Wonderful consolation and en-
lighten his eyes by beholding the
Glorious and Eternal God.
[Translated June 7, 1903.]
The vision also signifies that a Mash-
rak-el-Azkar will soon be established' in
America. The cries of supplication and
invocation will be raised to the Highest
Kingdom therefrom and, verily, the peo-
ple will enter into the Religion of God
by troops, with great enthusiasm and at-
traction.
[Translated June 9, 1903.]
friends of Abdul-Baha, and his co-
sharers and partners in the servitude of
the Lord of Hosts! Verily, the greatest
affair and the most important matter
today is to establish a Mashrak-el-Azkar
and to found a Temple, from which the
voices of praise may rise to the Kingdom
of the Majestic Lord. Blessings he upon
you for having thought to do so and in-
tended to erect such an edifice, advanc-
ing all in devoting your Wealth to this
great purpose and to this splendid Work.
You will soon see the angels of confirm-
ation succeeding you, and the hosts of
reinforcement crowding before you.
\Vhen the Mashrak-el-Azkar is accom-
plished, When the lights are emanating
therefrom, the righteous ones are pre-
senting themselves therein, the prayers
are performed with supplication towards
the mysterious Kingdom (of Heaven),
the voice of glorification is raised to the
Lord, the Supreme, then the believers
shall rejoice, the hearts shall be dilated
and overfiowed with the love of the All-
Living and S-elf-Existent (God).

