STAR OF THE WEST 77
Mount Carmel, Haifa, Syria.
July 18, 1915.
Messrs. Howard and Edward Struven,
Baltimore, Md.
Often have I spoken about your spir-
itual meetings to. your Oriental broth-
ers and their faces have glowed with
joy and enthusiasm because they realized
more than others the beatitude and bless-
ing of peace and love based on the knowl-
edge of God. Although I have not
written you all this time yet have I
especially remembered you in the pres-
ence of Abdul-Baha and when praying
at the threshold of the Blessed Perfec-
that all of you may attain to
complete happiness and composure of
mind both in this world and the World
to come, No doubt you have also prayed
for this unworthy servant, for we are
so much in need of each other 's prayers
in these days of darkness and gross
materialism. Of course Abdul-Baha
does not only pray for us, he is praying
for the Whole world, that its inhabitants
may b-ecome illumined with the rays of
the Sun of Reality, their hearts be-come
the caskets of the jewels of goo-d-will
and fellowship, their minds the chamber
of the lofty ideals of brotherhood and
their ultimate object the progress of
humanity. He hopes that the practice
of altruism' and the inculcation of opti-
mis-n1 may beco-me the general rule and
not the exception and the law of fellow-
feeling and sympathy widely spread. He
is looking to the friends for the creation
of a better understanding between na-
tions and the diffusion of the fragrance
of the holy spirit. The World is sick
a11d those who claim to be the wise phy-
sicians must treat this patient with far-
sighted wisdom and perception. X/Vill
their treatment cure or only aggravate
the malady'? It is the duty of the
friends of God to show to the denizens
of this globe, through their deeds and
explanations what love means, what tol-
eration signifies, what is the meaning of
brotherhood, and what is the standard
of true solidarity. These are the things
that are demanded of each one of us and
we must perform them more or less ac-
cording to our abilities and attainments.
The Beloved longs to see the friends as
the embodiment of charity and loving-
kindness, as the personification of fra-
ternity and neighborliness. He expects
them to shine as the stars in this dark
night of mutual hatred and enmity, and
guide the wandering steps to the station
of certainty and assurance. They must
b-e the vivifiers of the dead, joy-bringers
and the dispellers of gloom. Only in this
manner can we bring happiness to his
sorrow-laden heart.
New that Abdul-Baha is living on the
slope of Mount Carmel near the holy
tomb of the Bab, his health is much im-
proved, in fact he is well and enjoying
the fresh, vitalizing breeze wafting from
the far away hills in this Holy Land.
"We meet him two or three times a day
andare uplifted by the grandeur and
beauty of his moral an-d spiritual dis-
courses. These are of course our golden
days for we have him all to ourselves.
No pilgrims throng the streets of Haifa
and no reading of letters take up the
time. Each da.y is a blissful recurrence
of the one just past, all being strung into
a white rosary of sweet memory.
Our dear mother Lua [Getsinger]
lives with the holy family at the foot of
the mountains and is very happy.
Please present my grateful greeting
to all the dear friends. I hope I will be
giv-en the opportunity to see them again
and talk with them on the things we
prize most.
I am as ever, your faithful brother,
(Signed) Aim-n.arZ.
Mount Carmel, Haifa, Syria,
August 8, 1915.
Miss Ghodsea Ashraf.
My dear sister in the light of Abdul-
Baha!
Soon it will be three years that I have
left the United States three years over-
flowing with spiritual memories and di-
vine events. Each day was equal to a

