STAR OF THE WEST 49
See, my friends, what that means;
it means that Americans must have a
consciousness different from the con-
sciousness of every other nation in the
world. I am not saying this with even
the slightest tho-ught of criticism of
other nations.
You know how it is with a family.
A family gets centered on its-elf if it is
not careful and is less interested in the
neighbors than it is in its own members.
So a nation that is not constantly re-
newed out of new sources is apt to have
the narrowness and prejudice of a fam-
ily, whereas America must have this con-
sciousness, that on all sides it touches
elbows and touches hearts with all the
nations of mankind.
The example of America must be a
special example. The example of Amer-
ica must be the example not merely of
peace because it will not fight, but of
peace because peace is the healing and
elevating influence of the world and
strife is not. There is such a thing as
a man being too proud to fight. There
is such a thing as a nation being so right
that it does not need to convince others
by force that it is right.
So if you come into this great nation
as you have come, voluntaril seekin
A - 
"something that we have to give, all that
we have to give is this: We cannot ex-
empt you from work. No man is ex-
empt from Work anywhere in the World.
I sometimes think he is fortunate if he
has to Work only with his hands and not
with his head.
It is easy to do what other people
give you to do, but it is difficult to give
other people things to do. We cannot
exempt you from work; we cannot ex-
empt you from the strife and the heart-
breaking burden of the struggle of the
day--that is common to mankind every-
where. We cannot exempt you from the
loads that you must carry--we can only
make them light by the_spirit in which
they are carried.
That is the spirit of hope, it is the
spirit of liberty, it is the spirit of jus-
tice.
When I was asked, therefore, by the
mayor and the committee that accom-
panied him to come up from Washing-
ton to meet this great company of newly
admitted citizens I could not- decline the
invitation.
-I ought not to be away from V\Tash-
ington, and yet I feel that it has renewed
my spirit as an American. In Washing-
ton men tell you so many things every
day that are not so-, and I like to come
and stand in the presence of a great
body of my fellow citizens, whether they
have been my fellow citizens a long time
or a short time, and drink, as it were, out
of the common fountain with them and
go back feeling that you have-so gener-
ously given me the sense of your sup-
port and of the living vitality in your
hearts, of its great ideals which made
Am.erica the hope of the world.
CORRECTIONS
In No. 19 issue, Vol. V. STAR on THE WnsT, on page 298, regarding the
departure of Prof. Cheney, it is erroneously stated that he died in London. His
death took place in Oxford.
In the address delivered by Mary Hanford Ford, which appeared on pages
33 and 84 of this Volume of the STAR on THE the architect of the Palace of
Fine Arts is a Mr. Maybeck, not the name mentioned; and the Column of Progress
is on the Esplanade, not the Marnia.
--The Editors.

