32 STAR OF
While I am talking about progress
and the equality of men and Women I
always want to remind people that the
first martyr to the cause of equal rights
died there in Persia years ago, because
the greatest feminine disciple of the
Bab was Kurat-ul-Ayn. This wonder-
ful and lovely creature, one of the most
distinguished women of Persia in her
day, took off her veil, Went about teach-
ing publicly, and insisted upon the real-
ization of the truth of the Bab's teach-
ing in regard to the equality of Women.
After the Bab had been martyred, she
still continued her urgent insistence
upon the freeing of wome11, to such an
extent that her Words fired every heart,
and the women of Persia began to rise
and clamor for that liberty which they
had been told was their right. Then
some of the learned men of Persia Went
to Kurat-ul-Ayn and said: "We do not
Wish to martyr you because you are a
follower of this absurd Bab; we do n.ot
wish to martyr you because you belong
to this dangerous movement, for we
love you; but We insist that you stop
talking to the women about this ques-
tion of equality. You are inciting all
the women of Persia to revolt. If you
will simply be silent on that part of
your teaching, we will let you go."
Do you think she would be silent"!
Can't you imagine how she looked at
those men who threatened her and said
to them: "Do you suppose that for the
sake of the little thing you call life,
and that I know is not life, I would be
silent upon this important question
which is the foundation of the future
civilization of the world, the true civil-
ization?" So she Went on just the
same, speaking to both the men and
the Women who came to hear of the-
power and significance of this part of
the Bab 's teaching, that men and
women are equal and must stand equal
in the face of the World.
At last they came to take her secretly
to execution, because they did not dare
THE 
to take her publicly, on account of the
numbers who loved her, into a garden
in the suburbs of the city where they
would be unobserved, and there they
murdered her.
Some of you know the wonderful
story of her The keeper
of the garden had found a man, a
young Turkish fellow, Who was very
brutal, whom he believed Would do
anything for twenty dollars. He gave
him a gold piece and said: "You will
find a woman in a room upstairs; you
are to take this silk handkerchief and
strangle her, and it must be done
quietly." This man ascended the
stairs, and When he entered the room
Kurat-ul-Ayn was kneeling in prayer,
for she well knew that her hour had
come. She turned to him and said:
"You are too noble a fellow to stain
your soul with so black a crime for this
little bit of money." He looked at her
and could not touch her. He ran back
to the man who had sent him, and
threw the coin in his face, crying:
"Find some one else to do your dirty
work; that woman is divine; I cannot
touch her." The-n they sent another
man, more bru-tal, and, because the
victim said nothing this time in protest
but yielded herself to his hand, he
choked her with the silk handkerchief.
Her body was thrown into a deserted
Well on the place, and covered quickly
with stones, so that no one might dis-
cover the crime which had been com-
mitted. But today, because of the
memory of Kurat-ul-Ayn, not only of
the beauty of her face, but the loveli-
ness of her soul and character, pil-
grims walk many miles to her grave.
They believe that when they stand by
its side they are healed of all their ills;
but especially, if their eyes have been
blinded or afflicted, they believe that
as they stand near the dust of that
wonderful, clear-seeing woman, all the
trouble disappears from them and they
themselves see clearly once more.

