STAR OF THE 9
We have already stated What con-
stitutes a valid proof of prophethood.
\lVe find that the very proofs validating
the mission of his holiness Moses were
virtually advanced by his holiness
Christ. His holiness Christ was also
a unique and single individual, a mem-
ber of the revered nation of Israel. But
he was able to unite by the power of
his word the following nations: The
'Roman nation, the Greek nation, the
Chaldean nation, the Egyptian nation,
and the Assyrian nation. He unified
them all. Whereas before they Were
blood-thirsty, they Were pillaging the
properties of each other, they were tak-
ing captive the children of one another,
he cemented all of these hostile peo-
ples in a perfect Way. He caused all
of these to agree and to be Well unified.
Such colossal effects Were the results
of the manifestation of one single soul,
and this declares conclusively that he
Was not a person unassisted by God.
And now all the Christians do admit
that his holiness Moses was a prophet
of God. They declare that his book was
the book of God. That the prophets
of Israel were all prophets true and
valid, and that the people of Israel con-
stituted the people of God, and they
praise a.nd glorify his holiness Moses.
What harm has come from this? I
declare: What harm com-es from a state-
ment in the very same way, from the
hands of the Jews, that Jesus Was also
an expression of the Word of God'?
I-Iave the Christians suffered from their
investigation of Moses? Have they
suifered at all from it? Have they suf-
fered any loss in their religious en-
thusiasm, any defect in their religious
belief, that they declare his holiness
Moses was a prophet of God, that the
Torah Was a. book of God, that all the
prophets of the Jews Were prophets of
God"? It is self-evident that no loss
comes from that. And now it is time
for the Jews to declare that Christ was
the Word of God, and then this enmity
between two great religions will pass
away.
For two thousand years there has
been this enmity and religious preju-
dice between the Christians and the
Jews. All this blood has been shed, all
these ordeals have been suffered. These
few Words will make them united.
What harm comes from this: That just
as the Christians glorify and praise his
holiness Moses, likewise the Jews should
commemorate his holiness Christ,
should declare him as the \/Vord of God
and consider him as one of the chosen
ones of God"?
Now, just a few Words concerning
the Koran and the Mohammedans.
When his holiness l\/Iohammed ap-
peared, we find that in the Koran he re-
fers to the sayings of Moses in seven
different places. He pronounces. Moses
as the great man of God. As a prophet
of great valor; a prophet and possessor
of a book, the founder of a law and
spirit of God. He said, "\lVhosoever
believes in him is acceptable in the es-
timation of God, and whosoever shuns
him or any of the prophets is rejected
of God." Even, in conclusion, the
prophet calls upon his own relatives,
saying, "Why have ye shunned and
not believed in Moses? Why have ye
not acknowledged the Torah'? Why
have ye not believed in the Jewish
prophets?" And he in a certain sura
mentions the Znames of twenty-eight
prophets of the Israelites, praising each
and all of them. To this extent has he
offered commendation. Now let us
consider the person of Mohammed:
The purpose is this: That Mohammed
glorified a.nd praised his holiness Moses
and confirmed Judaism. Even Mohammed
declared that whosoever denies Moses is
contaminated, and this is an exposition
which you will find stated in the Koran,
that if a person denies Moses or any of
the prophets, he is contaminated. Even
if he repent, his repentance will not be
accepted. He pronounced even his own
relatives, just because they had denied
the prophets, as contaminated, as infi-
dels. He said: "Because you have not
believed in Christ, because you have

