120 STAR OF
science is superstition; the equal rights
of man and W0-m.an the abolition of re-
ligious, se-ctarian, sectional, denomina-
tional and patriotic 
is not his Who loves his country, but glory
is his Who loves his kind"; the non-in-
terference of religion and politics uni-
versal peace amongst nations, races and
religions; a universal language; the
pursuit o-f education and the necessity
for every one to engage in so-me occu-
pation, art or trade, for this will be a.c-
counted an act of Worship before God;
the solution of the economic problem of
the world and the organization and es-
tablishment of Houses of Justice for the
administration. o-f the law and the me-ans
of philanthro-pic and social betterment;
in fact, all the needs and demands of
our present civilization have been pro-
vided for in the writings of Baha'o'llah
a.nd the teachings of Abdul-Baha, who
wit.hout any opportunity for education,
has never failed to answer convincingly
the questions of the most learned phil-
osophers, religionists and scientific men
of the orient and the occident, and who
by his life -o-f servitude and sacrifice to
humanity, has beco-me the means o-f the
realization of these teachings.
Can a just judgment, after reflection
and consideration, deny the reality o-f
these educators? Their Cause invites in-
vestigation and their message is fo-r all
ears. Every person Whether spiritual or
materialist can find his questions and
difficulties solved by these educato-rs.
Does it beho-ove us then to turn our eyes
from these manifest signs and to shut
our ears to the call of God? It is of the
greatest importance, for our future as
well as present Welfare to investigate
the purp-ose and teachings of these edu-
cators and to hearken to their divine
call, which has been expressed by Abdul-
Baha as fo-llows:
"The foundation of Divine Religion
is love, affinity and concord. Praise God
that this cycle is the period of illumina-
tion! Minds have made great pro-gress;
intelligences have been unfolded; the
THE WEST
means of unity and agreement are
brought about; communication between
the races o-f men is rapidly established.
Now is the time that all of us- may em-
brace the law o-f peace and treat each
other with honesty and straightforward-
ness. Let the religious prejudices be
Wipe-d away. Let the law of racial su-
premacy be dis-continued. Let political
exp edienciies be done away With. Let the
lo-ve of country be superceded by the
love of the world. Let us all deal with
each other With infinite kindness. We
a.r=e all the servants at the one Divine
Threshold. We are all receiving the
rays of truth from the same Sun of
Reality. We must all believe in all of
the prophets. We must all acknowledge
the divine authority o-f all the heavenly
bo-oks. We must wash our hearts free
of all human prejudices. We must serve
God; We must propagate the oneness
of the realm of humanity. We must be
the cause of the appearance of the per-
fe-ctions in the world of man. We must
not be like the beasts of prey. We
mus-t not allow carnage a.nd bloodshed.
We must regard the blood o-f man as
sacred'. We must not shed the holy blood
of man for the paltry earth. must
all agree upon one fundamental prin-
ciple-that principle is the oneness of
the kingdom of humanity.
"In this age, has breathed
the Holy Spirit into the dead body of
the world. Consequently every weak
soul is strengthened by these fresh di-
vine outbreathings. Every poor man
will become rich, every darkened soul
will become illumined, every ignorant
one Will become wise, because the con-
firmations of the Holy Spirit are descend-
ing like unto torrents. A new em of
dalmlne consciousness is upon us. The
world of humanity is going through a
process of transformation. A new race
is -being developed. The thoughts of hu-
man brotherhoo-d are permeating all re-
gions. New ideals are stirring the depths
of hearts: and a new spirit 0-f universal
consciousness is being profoundly felt
by all men."

