STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers: that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened
that diversity of reli ion shall cease and diiferen ace be annulled. Q0 it shall be; these fruitless strif
ce 0 es
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. VI Sultan l, 71 (January 19, 1916) No. 17
Foreword
this special Mashrak-el-Azka.r edition of the STAR or THE "Wssr by the
urgent desire to place in the hands of every friend of the great Cause,
every follower of Abdul-Baha, his Words upon the purpose of the Uni-
versal House of Worship and its erection in America.
These Words, arranged in chronological order over a period of ten years,
include tablets, table-talks given in Akka. and addresses delivered by Abdul-
Baha during his American sojourn.
Upon these utterances there can be no comment. The call is there, the
insistent call, to every Bahai in America to arise for the building of the Mashrak-
cl-Azkar.
The inception in the W6-S-ll of the Mashrak-el-Azkar dates back to the early
spring of 1903. The cornerstone of the Ishkabad Temple--the beginning of the
first in the just been laid. Photographs of that
momentous event Were sent b-y the friends of the east to the Chicago House of
Spirituality.
And that body, inspired by the great vision of the upon
American soil, supplicated to Abdul-Baha that the second Mashrak-el-Azkar in
the World might be erected in America and in Chicago.
The tablet of May 3-0, 1903, was Written in response to the appeal of the
House of Spirituality. During the same year, three other tablets were revealed
upon the same subject, all proclaiming in no uncertain phraseology the import-
ance of the Mashrak-el-Azkar in America.
Now a silence of four years seems t-o have surrounded the Mashrak-el-Azkar
of the West. It was a. tremendous undertaking. The Cause in America was young.
The laborers were few. They were just coming into the realization of the spiritual
dynamics of the Bahai Revelation. They knew that the building of the Mashrak-
el-Azkar was incumbent upon them by command not only -of Abdul-Baha, but
of Baha'o'llah in the Kdtab-el-Akdas. As yet they did not know, perhaps, that,
"Verily, God never reveals a letter or word from the Tongue of the inaccessible
Godly Tree, Without at the time of utterance, the spirit of its reality being
created. 
So, apparently, for four years the Mashrak-el-Azkar idea in America lan-
guished. But it was n-ever lost. In the silence it Was gaining momentum; tak-
ing definite, ineffaceable form in the consciousness of the faithful.
And. then, at the moment, the silence was broken. In re-
sponse to a supplication of inquiry, came the tablet of June 14, 1907, proclaim-
ing again the importance of the construction of the Mashrak-cl-Azkar in Chicago.
*The Bab.
THE Executive Board of Bahai T'emp1e Unity has been impelled to issue

