STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened:
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall come."- 
Vol. VI Masheyat l, 71 (September Z7, 1915) No. ll
Abdul-Baha's Message to the
People of America
Talk given by Abdul-Baha at Grand Hotel, Cincinnati, Ohio,
November 5, 1912.
INCE I am in Cincinnati, the home of President Taft, who has done noble
service for the cause of peace, I will dictate a statement for the people
of Cincinnati and America generally:
In the orient I heard that there are many peace-loving people in America.
Therefore, I left my native land to associate here with those who are the
standard-bearers of international peace. Having traveled from coast to coast,
I find America a continent vast and progressive; the government just; the
nation noble. I attended many gatherings Where international peace was
discussed, and am extremely happy to witness the results of these meetings,
for one of the great teachings of Baha'o'llah relate to international peace.
He founded and taught this principle fifty years ago, in the orient. He pro-
claimed universal peace among the nations; he summoned the people to estab-
lish universal peace among the various religions; he organized peace among
many races, communities and sects. At that time he wrote epistles to all
the rulers and kings of the world and summoned them to co-operate with
him in spreading these principles, saying that humanity would not attain
composure and rest save through universal peace. And he practiced the prin-
ciple in Persia. And, therefore today there are people of various religions
and races, in Persia and elsewhere, souls who followed the exhortations of
Baha'o'llah, living together in the utmost love and fellowship, with no religions
prejudice, no patriotic prejudice, no sectarian prejudice. They live in unity
and agreement, Mohammedan, Roman Catholic, Jew, Buddhist, followers of
Zoroaster, and all others.
Now, America has arisen to spread the teachings of peace, for the illumi-
nation of mankind and for bestowing happiness and prosperity on all the
children of men. These are the principles of divine civilization. America
is a noble nation, the standard bearer of peace throughout the world, shedding
her light to all regions. Foreign nations are not untrammeled and free of
intrigues like the United States, and are unable to bring about universal peace.
But America, thank God, is at peace with all the world and is worthy of rais-
ing the fiag of brotherhood and international peace. When the summons to
international peace is raised by America, all the rest of the world will cry,
"Yes, We accept!" The nations of every clime will join in adopting the teach-
ings of Baha'o'llah, revealed over fifty years ago. In his epistles he asked the
parliaments of the world to send their wisest an-d>> best men to an interna-

