14-6 STAR OF
But this Mashrak-el-Azkar, being the
first one in the occident, has great im-
portance. In after years, there will be
many Mashrak-el-Azkars; even in this
City of Chicago many will be estab-
lished. In Asia there will be many. In
Europe there will be many. Even in
Africa there will be many. Even in
Australia and New Zealand; but this is
of great importance. In Ishkabad, Cau-
casus, Russia, the Mashrak-el-Azkar has
the same great importance, being the first
one built there. In Persia there are many
Mashrak-el-Azkars. Some are houses,
which have been rented for that pur-
pose. Others have given their homes en-
tirely for that purpose, and in some
places temporary and small places have
been built therefor. In all the cities of
Persia there are Mashrak-el-Azkars; but
the great Mashrak-el-Azkar was founded
in I-shkabad. Because it was the first
Mashrak-el-Azkar, it possesses the super-
lative degree of importance. All the
friends of Ishkabad agreed and put forth
the greatest effort. His holiness the Af-
nan devoted all his Wealth to it. Every-
thing he had he gave for it. Hence, such
an imposing edifice was built. A colos-
sal effort was put forth. Notwithstand-
ing their contributions to that Mashrak-
el-Azkar, they have, as you know, con-
tributed to the one here in this city. Now
that one is almost complete, that is to
say, with all its gardens. That Mashrak-
el-Azkar is centrally located. It has
nine avenues, nine gardens, nine foun-
tains, so it is nine on nine, all nines. It
is like a beautiful bouquet. Just imagine
an edifice of that beauty in the center,
very lofty, surrounded by gardens, varie-
gated flowers, with nine avenues inter-
lacing nine gardens, nine pools and nine
fountains, and think how delightful it
must be! That is the Way it should be.
It is matchless, most beautiful! Such
is the design. And now they are at work
building a hospital and a school for
orphans and a home for cripples and a
large dispensary and a hospice. They
are now planning, thinking of these
THE WEST
things. When that, God willing, shall
be completed, it will be a Paradise!
There will be no greater geometry than
this and I hope that in Chicago it shall
be like this. It will be even so.
or ABDUL--BAHA AT 
EPISGOPAL Criuaon or THE ASGENSION,
FIFTH AVE. AND 10TH NEW YORK
CITY, SUNDAY, JUNE 2, 1912, 8 P. M.,
REV. DR. PERCY STICKNEY GRANT,
Rnoron.
OF THE WEST, V01. N0. 10.]
In the terminology of the Holy Books,
the church has been called the "House
of the Covenant," for the reason that
the church is a place where people of
differing thoughts and diverging tenden-
cies,--where all races and nations may
come together in a covenant of perma-
nent fellowship. In the temple of the
Lord, in the house of God', man must be
submissive to God. He must enter into
a covenant with his Lord, in order that
he shall obey His commands and become
unified with his fellow-man. He must
not consider divergence of races nor dif-
ference of nationalities; he must not
view variation in denomination and
creed, nor should he take into account
the differing degrees of thoughts; nay,
rather, he should look upon all mankind
and realize that all must become united
and agreed. He must recognize all as
one family, one race, one nativity; all the
servants of one God, dwelling beneath
the shelter of the mercy of one God.
The purpose is that the church is a
collective center. Temples a.re symbols
of the reality and divinity of God, the
collective Center. Consider how, within
a temple, every race and people are seen
and represented--all in the presence of
the Lord, covenanting together in a cov-
enant of love and fellowship, all offer-
ing the same melody, prayer and suppli-
cations to God. Therefore, it is evident
that the church is a collective center for
mankind. For this reason, there have
been churches and temples in all the di-

