STAR OF THE WEST 91
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, if only post cards. Letters via. Constantinople must all
pass the censorship, remember, so no Word about war, politics or prophecies!
We passed through three bombardments, which were all localized, therefore
no lives were lost. VVhat the people are to do there this winter, only God knows.
The cold rains Will be an added misery to their already manifold woes. It was
wonderful to Witness the calm maje-sty of Abdul-Baha as he went about among
the people, whose only hope and help he is! . . .
I shall come to America as soon as possible, though I have work to do else-
where first. I enclose you a translation of the tablet above-mentioned, and will
send photographic copy of the original next mail. I send the French translation,
made in Haifa by Shougi Effendi, grandson; also the English.
Please let the friends see them. I have had such a fatiguing journey, and feel
so very exhausted physically that I cannot Write more at present; beside I only
just have time to catch the mail, which closes at midnight, Please give my most
sincere greetings to all in the service, and love of the Covenant of God, espe-
cially your dear wife, Mrs. Haney and Mrs. Parsons. Abdul-Baha said: "Tell
everyone now is the time to teach and spread the Cause!" The friends in Cairo
and here are all Well, and send greetings to all in Washington.
these days of trial and test! The whole world has been flung into the
melting pot. Each individual soul must be put into the crucible and "tried as
gold is tried and refined as silver is refined." The Center of the Covenant
now sitteth as the Refiner, and it is he Who judgeth the purity, capacity and
station of every servant. He is the divine assayer who accepts and rejects. He
alone knows the hearts, and in him only can one find justice and truth. He is
the judge of the high court in the supreme concourse, who renders judgments in
righteousness and stations the souls of his sincere worshippers! In this day
all must be sure that he is the Center from which every living soul is sent forth,
and to which every faithful and sincere one must turn!
More later. As ever, yours faithfully,
In the Center of the Covenant,
(Signed) Leta.
TABLET
Haifa, August 27, 1915.
To the beloved of God in America--On them be glory and bounty!
The maid-servant of God, Lua, was a long time occupied in India in spread-
ing the fragrances of the love of God. She is now ready to return to the regions
of America. Show her every consideration. She is firm in the Covenant of love.
In reality she worked vigorously during her sojourn in India, and she is Worthy
Of (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Address letters to Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, care of Mirza alal Irani, Haifa,
Syria.

