64 STAB OF
This is a rational proof, that the Will
of the Creator is effected through the
process of composition.
Ponder over this carefully. When you
comprehend the significances of this sub-
ject _you will then be able to convey it
to others. The more you think over this
THE VVEST
the greater will be your comprehension.
Thank God that He has given you
such a power thro-ugh Which you can
comprehend these divine mysteries. Re-
flect deeply, ponder carefully, think
minutely, and then the doors of knowl-
edge shall be opened unto you.
"We are in the most radiant century"
(Continued from page sixty-one)
suppress the other. They think the
more a religionist kills, the nearer he
draws to God, the more blood he sheds,
the more does he gain the good pleasure
of the Lord. That is why you see them
fiercely attacking each other and tak-
ing the women captives. Think of the
property they plunder and the inno-
cent children they destroy. Observe the
results of blind imitation. How gloomy
imitations are! How destructive to hu-
manity! If this be the foundation of
divine religion, undoubtedly irreligion
is better, because the infidels do not
shed blood; they are inimical to each
other. It is the religions of the pres-
ent day that are inimical. Thus re-
ligion, which should have contributed
to the illumination of the World has be-
come productive of gross darkness.
Consider how blind imitations in the
orient made darkness all-encircling. At
such a time, his holiness Baha'o'llah
dawned from the eastern horizon like
unto the sun. He reformed the basis. of
the religions of God. He took away
from their midst blind imitations and
placed in their stead amity and good
fellowship. There remained no strife,
no sedition, no quarrels. The amity of
the sects can be seen. Nay, rather all
live together in the utmost of love and
good fellowship. Were you to enter
one of their meetings, you would observe
that they have become as one race, as
one nativity, as one religion; that they
asso-ciate one with the other in the ut-
most of love and good fellowship. Praise
be to God, these blind imitations, this
darkness, have ceased to exist and the
reality of the oneness of humanity has
been proven!
Now, I have come to America, and I
consider the American people to be a
people, an intelligent nation,
a nation investigating reality, hence, I
hope through the efforts of this noble
nation the solidarity of humanity will be
advanced daily; the illumination of the
human World will be widespread; the
banner of universal peace be held aloft;
the lamp of the oneness of the human
world be ignited; and the hearts of the
east and west become united. Then the
reality of the divine religions shall be-
come resplendent and refulgent, indicat-
ing the fact thatall the divine religions
were meant to be the cause of unity and
love and all heavenly bestowals have
ever been conferring light upon hu-
manity.

