138 A B. 
ed in that lordly assemblage and en-
gaged in the service of the divine King-
dom must give thanks night and day,
for they were thus aided and confirmed
and left a foot-print (trace), of which
eternality is an inherent quality.
Although the importance of this di-
vine Institute is not very evident now,
yet in the future it will be clear and
plain as the sun.
[Trans1a.ted July 20, 1909.]
Thy detailed letter was received. Its
contents indicated that thou didst travel
in the cities o-f America and visited the
friends of God until thou didst reach the
general Convention held in Chicago for
the building of the Mashrak-el-Azkar.
In thy letter thou hast Written in praise
and commendation of the illumination of
that Convention. Truly, I say, the Con-
vention of the Bahai delegates in Chi-
cago was a heavenly gathering and con-
firmed by divine assistance. The splen-
dor of the Kingdom of Abha shone forth
and the soul-refreshing breeze wafted
from the direction of providence. It
was an effulgence from the rays of the
Sun of Truth, that the friends of God
gathered in that illumined assembly
with the utmost love, unity and con-
cord. The intentions of everyone were
reinforced by divine confirmation, the
aim of everyone was service in the Cause
of God, servitude in the threshold of
the Almighty and the erection of the
Maslirak-el-Azkar.
The results of that Co-nvention in the
future will be far-reaching and most im-
portant, and evident signs shall become
manifest. As it Was the first general
Bahai Convention in America, it dis-
played wonderful influence. The gath-
ering of that illumined assembly, in such
a short space of time, Would have been
impossible Without the power of the di-
vine Covenant and Testament. But the
Covenant has such a great sway that it
astonishes the minds. In every region
the sign of the power of the Covenant is
apparent and manifest.
For instance, in Persia, the fire of
THE VVEST
revolution blazed in such Wise that all
communities, government and nation be-
came afflicted With the most severe trials;
but the p0Wer of the Covenant protected
the Bahai friends to such a degree that
in this turbulent storm no dust fell upon
them, except in one locality, which be-
came the cause of the spreading of the
religion of God and the diffusion of the
I/Vord of God. Now all the parties in
Persia are Wondering how the people of
Baha were guarded and protected.
Praise be to God! that, in Teheran
and all the provinces of Persia, the call
of God has been raised, the ensign of the
Covenant has been unfurled, the cry of
'Ya-Baha-el-Abha I ha.s been heard and
the melody of the Kingdom of Abha has
been promulgated among the people of
intelligence.
[Translated August 14, 1909.]
ye friends of the east and the west!
One of the greatest foundations of the
religion of God, the significance of the
W0-rd of God and the duty of the be-
lievers of God is mutual assistance and
co-operation. For the World of human-
ity, nay, rather, all the infinite beings
exist by this law of mutual action and
helpfulness. Should this law of joint
interchange of forces be removed from
the arena of life, the existence Would be
entirely destroyed.
"Then We ponder deeply upon the con-
nection and interdependence o-f beings,
we clearly realize that the life of every
being draws benefit and sustenance from
all the other innumerable existences.
This mutual helpfulness is realized
either directly 0-r through mediation, and
if, for the twinkling of an eye, this con-
firmation and assistance does no-t descend
upon the living being, that one will be-
come non-existent, for all the existing
things are linked together and draw help
from each other. Therefore, the greatest
foundation of the World of existence is
this col-operation and mutuality.
Liken the World of existence to the
temple of man. All the limbs and organs
of the human body assist each other,

