82 STAR OF THE VVEST
tional World parliament, that should decide all questions between the peoples
and establish universal peace. This Would be the last court of appeal, and
the Parliament of Man, long dreamed of by the poets, would be realized. It
Would be much more far-reaching than The Hague tribunal.
I am grateful to President Taft for giving his influence to the movement
for international peace and What he has done toward establishing peace
treaties is good; but when We have the inter-parliamentary body, composed
of delegates from all the nations of the World, devoted to maintaining univer-
sal peace and good-will, then We will have the Parliament of Man, of which
the poets have dreamed.
Tablet from Abdul-Baha to
Mr. Andrew Carnegie
To the noble personage, his excellency, Mr. Andrew Carnegie,
May God assist him!
HE Is eon 
thou illustrious soul! thou the
great pillar of the palace of uni-
versal peace!
It is some time since I intended to
correspond with thee, but there was no
intermediary between us. Now that his
excellency, Mr. Topakyan, has- made this
possible through his kindly suggestion, I
Write thee this epistle; for truly I say
thou art the lover of humanity and one
of the founders of universal peace.
Today the most great service to the
kingdom of God is the promotion of
the principle of the unification of man-
kind and the establishment of universal
peace. A number of souls who were
doctrinaires and unpractical thinkers
worked for the realization of this most
exalted aim and good cause, but they
were doomed to failure, save that lofty
personage who has been and is still pro-
moting the matter of international arbi-
tration and general conciliation through
deeds, words, self-sacrifice and the gen-
erous donation of Wealth and property.
Rest thou assured that through the con-
firmations of the holy spirit thou Wilt
become confirmed and assisted in the
accomplishment of this most resplendent
service, and in this mortal World thou
shalt lay the foundation of an immortal,
everlasting edifice, and in the end thou
wilt sit upon the throne o-f incorruptible
glory in the kingdom of God.
All the leaders and statesmen of Eu-
rope are thinking on the plane of War
and the annihilation of the mansion of
humanity, but thou art thinking on the
plane of peace and love and the strength-
ening and reinforcement of the basis of
the superstructure of the human world.
They are the heralds of death, thou art
the harbinger of life. The foundations
of their palaces are unstable and Waver-
ing and the turrets of their mansions
are tottering and crumbling, but the
basis of thy structure is firm and un-
movable.
While I was journeying throughout
America and Europe, I cried before all
the meetings", conventions, and churches:
ye noble friends! The world of hu-
manity is facing in the future a most
portentous danger and supreme calam-
ity. The continent of Europe has be-
come like unto a gunpowder magazine
and arsenal, under which are hidden
combustible materials of the most in-
flammatory nature. Its combustion will
be dependent upon the sudden and un-
expected enkindlement of one tiny spark
which shall envelop the whole earth with
a World-Wide conflagrat-ion, causing the
total collapse of European civilization

