STAR or THE 85
From "Abdul-Baku in 
of a Conversation.
Abdul-Baha showed how Baha'o'llah
had exactly described in one of his books
what has since been attempted in the
International Court of Arbitration, at
The Hague. Baha'o'llah also said the
Court must have other functions, some of
which are not yet realized, and Abdul-
Baha described them to us so that when
they would be fulfilled in the near future,
we might know they had been prophesied
by Baha'o'llah. The functions of the
International Court of Arbitration would
be to settle disputes that arose from time
to time between nations; to define the
exact boundaries of the different coun-
tries; to decide what number of soldiers
and guns should be maintained by each
nation, according to its population, in
order to preserve internal order. If any
state rebelled against the decision of the
Court and rejected it, the Court would
empower the others to join their forces
and to endorse their decision, if need be,
by united effort.
Extract from Abdul-Bahais Writings.
Fifty years ago Baha'o'llah clearly
stated this matter of universal peace in
the Book of Akdas, and has commanded
all the Bahais to serve faithfully with
heart and soul in this great Cause, to
give up their possessions and wealth for
it, and sacrifice their lives in case of
necessity.
Extract from "Bahatsm" by Monsieur
Hippolyte Dreyfus.
The Bahais have carried obedience to
this principle so far--remembering that
their Prophet had said: "It is better for
you to be killed than to the
fanatical population of Persia excited
by its mullas, has been able, at difierent
times in the last few years, to make
odious attacks against them, without
their even wishing to take up arms in
self-defense, although often they had a
numerical advantage.
Extracts from "Talks Given by Abdul-
Baha in Paris."
Land belongs not to one people, but to
all people. The earth is not man 's home,
but his tomb. It is for their tombs these
men are fighting.
However great the conqueror, however
many countries he may reduce to slav-
ery, he is unable to retain any part of
these devastated lands except one tiny
portion--his tomb! If more land is re-
quired for the improvement of the con-
ditions of the people, for the spread of
civilization, surely itiwould be possible
to acquire peaceably the necessary ex-
tension of territory!
But War is made for the satisfaction of
men 's ambition; for the sake of 
gains to the few, terrible misery is
brought to numberless homes, breaking
the hearts of hundreds of men and
women.
I charge you all that each one of you
concentrate every thought of his heart on
love and unity. When a thought of
War comes, oppose it by a stronger
thought of peace. A thought of hatred
must be destroyed by a more powerful
thought of love. Thoughts of war bring
destruction to all harmony, well-being,
restfuln-ess and content. Thoughts of
love are constructive of brotherhood,
peace, friendship and happiness. "Then
soldiers of the world draw their swords
to kill, soldiers of God should clasp each
others' hands! So may all the savagery
of man disappear by the mercy of God
Working through the pure in heart and
the sincere of soul.
Do not think the peace of the world an
ideal impossible to attain. Nothing is
impossible to the Divine benevolence.
If with all your heart you desire
friendship with every race on earth,
your thought, spiritual and positive, will
spread; it will become the desire of
others, growing stronger and stronger,
until it reaches the minds of all men.
I charge you all that each one of you
concentrate every thought of his heart
upon love and unity.

