STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes;
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall come."- 
V01. VI Jalal 1, 71 (April 9, 1915) No. 
Talk by Abdul- Baha
At the home of Mrs. Parsons, Washington, D. C., November 9, 1912
From stenographic notes by Mr. Joseph H. Hannen
HE address which was delivered
I last evening in the Jewish syna-
gogue evidently disturbed some
of the people, including the revered
Rabbi, who, however, called 011 me this
afternoon and I went over the ground
with him, which I shall review for your
benefit.
It was not possible to make the mat-
ter very plain to the Rabbi last night,
because he was very much pressed for
time; but today opportunity was suffi-
cient for a reconsideration of the mat-
ter in detail. The quintessence of the
subject is as follows--I wish you to
understand this thoroughly and have it
well memorized, in order that you may
discourse with the per-
chance you may be instrumental in
leading them aright.
The quintessence of the subject, I re-
peat, Was this: The question may well
be asked first, "VVhat is the mission of
the prophet? What is the object of a
divine law?" There is no doubt that
the object is the education of the hu-
man race. It is for the training of
humanity. All human beings may be
considered as pupils or children, and
they are in need of a divine educator.
They are in need of a real teacher. I11
order that he may teach these children
he must be qualified, and the qualifi-
cation of prophethood is as follows: To
guide people. Hence we shall notice
first, the efficacy of their teaching.
The question that must be asked is,
"Have they taught men or not? Have
they proved themselves efficient tutors
or not?" Amongst them, I remarked,
was your teacher or instructor, his
holiness Mloses. Did his holiness
Moses educate or did he not? Let us
find out whether or not he taught the
men of his time: find his holiness
Moses was appointed as the educator
of the Children of Israel. It was dur-
ing a period when the Children of Israel
were in captivity, were in a state of
humiliation and ignorance, in the ut-
most of inadvertence, living in a very
mean or lowly manner in Egypt, a sort
of life which was worse than death.
Imagine an ignorant people, downtrod-
den, thoughtless and most senseless and
ignorant; so low as to be considered
the very lowest. His holiness Moses
was appointed for them, he guided
them, he saved them from bondage, he
took them into the Holy Land, he res-
cued them from ignorance, he rescued
them from inadvertence, he trained
them in such wise as to change a con-
dition of lowliness into one of honor
and elevation, he suffered them to reach
the utmost degree of perfection. They
learned the sciences and arts, they were
civilized to a. superlative degree, they

