STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations: that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of en shallbe strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall fie; these fruitless strifes
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
V01. VI Asma 1, 71 (August 1, 1915) No. 8
"We are in the most radiant century, wherein
human perceptions have developed and
investigation of reality IS conducted"
Address by Abdul-Baha at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Moxey, New York City,
November 18, 1912.
Stenographic notes taken by Miss Esther Foster.
OFFER thanks to God for this meet-
I ing with you here. From the exter-
nal standpoint such meetings are in-
conceivable, for we a.re orientals, where-
as you are occidentals, and between us
there is no patriotic "relation, no racial
relatio-n, no linguistic relation, no com-
mercial relation, no political relation._
There is no connection or any bond re-
quiring -such a gathering between us-.
However, the love of God has gathered
us here, and this is the best of means.
Every other means of fellowship is lim-
ited in efficiency, but fellowship based
on the love of God is unlimited, is ever-
lasting, is divine, is ra.diant. There-
fore we must be tha.nkful to God for
uniting us in fellowship and creating
such amity between us that persons from
the east may meet revered persons of
the west in the utmost love. Surely, for
everything there is wisdom, especially
for great things, a.nd most especially for
the most particular affairs of life, -and
this concerns the manifestation of God
and the descent of the law of God, for,
verily, this is the greatest affair, and for
the greatest affair, surely, there is all
comprehensive wisdom.
The divine, holy Manifestations of
God did not reveal themselves for the
purpose of founding a nation or a de-
nomination. They did not appear in
order that some one, or ones, might ac-
knowledge their prophethood. They did
not appear in order to lay the founda-
tion for a religious belief. Even Christ,
his holiness Christ, did not become man-
ifest that we should believe in him as
the Christ; he did not appear in order
that we might follow him; he did not
appear in order that we might adore
him; all these are limited in scope,
whereas the reality of Christ was an un-
lim1ited- essence. The unlimited reality
cannot become bounded by any limita-
tion. Nay, rather, his holiness Christ
appeared in order to illumine the world
of humanity in order to render the
world celestial in nature; to
make all the human world a realm of
angels; to unite the hearts; to enkindle
the light of love in all the hearts; that
souls might thus become independent,
attaining the utmost love and fellow-
ship, turning to God, being ushered into
the kingdom, apportioned in the bestow-
als and bounty of God, and partaking
of the manna from heaven. Thus they
might become baptized through the holy

