STAR OF THE 
ness. They exercise the utmost oppo-
sition and ferocity towards each other.
"When they chance to meet they imme-
diately engage in contention and fight-
ing, and use their claws and sharpen
their teeth by ferocity, such as atrocious
lions or bloodthirsty wolves. Thus do
the ferocious animals that live solitary
and fight for their living.
But as to the tame, domestic animals
of good nature and pure temperaments,
such as those that fly and those that
graze, they associate with each other
with the utmost love, and company by
company they live together. They spend
their time in the greatest happiness, joy
and gladness. The thankful birds which
are content with a few grains, practice
the utmost joyousness towards one an-
other and sing myriads of melodies upon
the pleasant plains, mountains and val-
leys. Likewise the animals that graze,
like the sheep, deer and rabbit, live in a
state of greatest friendliness, and fel-
lowship with happiness and unity in the
pasturage of the green tablela.nds. But
the dogs, wolves, tigers and the blood-
thirsty hyenas and other ferocious ani-
mals shun each other and Wander lonely
after their prey. Even when the ani-
mals that graze and fly come to each
other's nest or den, there is no opposi-
tion and estrangement manifested, nay
rather they treat one another with the
utmost friendliness and affection. On
the contrary, when a ferocious animal
approaches the den of one of its kind,
the two engage in contention. Even if
one passes through the neighborhood of
the other, it is at once attacked and if
possible destroyed.
Therefore it becomes evident that
friendliness and love even in the animal
kingdom are the result of good nature,
pure temperament and gentle behavior;
While discord and e-strangement charac-
terize the ferocious brutes of the plains.
The almighty God has not created in
man the claws and teeth of the lion;
nay the human existence is made and
fashioned after the best form and for
the most consummate innate virtues.
Therefore it behooves man in homage
for this creation and gratitude for this
bestowal that he should exercise friend-
ship and love for his kind, nay mo-re, he
should treat all livin.g beings with jus-
tice and equity.
Again consider that the comfort, joy,
rest and happiness of mankind come
from love and unity; that contentions
and disputes are the greatest causes of
distress, misery, tribulation and unhap-
piness. But a thousand times alas! that
humanity is ignorant and negligent con-
cerning these matters, and every day be-
comes metamorphosed. into the character
of a savage animal, one day a ferocious
tiger, again a coiling and repulsive ser-
pent.
The sublimity of man is derived from
the qualities and virtues which charac-
terize the angels of the supreme con-
course. Therefore when good qualities
and virtuous attributes appear in man,
he is verily a heavenly personage, an
angel of the kingdom, a divine reality,
a merciful manifestation. And when he
does contend and thirst for blood, he ex-
ceeds in ferocity the basest of brutes, for
while the bloodthirsty wolf will devour
one sheep in the night, in that time man
will make away with a thousand vic-
tims.
For man has two aspects: one the
sublimity of nature and intellectual
qualities, and the other the base animal-
ity and imperfections of passion.
If you travel through the continents
and countries of the world, you will see,
on one side, the signs of ruin and de-
struction and, on the other, the signs and
monuments of civilization and construc-
tion. As to the ruin and destruction,
they are the signs of contention and
discord, of war and battle. But order
and construction are the results of the
virtues of friendliness and concord.
If one travel in the central desert of
Asia, he will observe how many cities
as great and populous as Paris or Lon-
don have been ruined. From the Gas-

