STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES .4 YEHR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South 'Dearborn Street Chicago, 
9
Entered as second-class matter April 9. 1911, at the'post oflice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3,1879.
Editorial Stafl: ALBERT R. WINDUST -- GERTRUDE BUIKEMA -- DR. ZIA M. 
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
TERMS: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Note --Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agentsu
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, U. S. A.
To personal checks please aclti sufficient to cover the bani: exchange.
{Xddress all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. 0. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U.S. A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHAoon!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in, every country and clirne. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in_the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness!
(Signed) ABBAS.
Vol. VI Massa'ul 1, 71 (December 12, 1915) No. 15
Whenever one appears: in the World,
equipped with these qualifications, and
by his Words and deeds such a result
follows, can We not safely acclaim him
to b-e a true messenger of God and
worthy of our glr*eatcst love- and respect?
Shall We- remain in the darkness of doubt
and denial, as in form-or ages, or shall
We become illumined by acceptance and
enlightenment. 
"Look ye at the time of Christ; had
the people realize-d that the ho-ly spirit
of God was spea-king to them through
his divine mouth they Would not have
Waited three centuries before accept-ing
him, and no-W is it meet for you that
you a-re sleeping on the bed of idleness
and neglect, While the Father foretold
by Christ has comer amongst us and'
opened the great-est door of bounteous
gifts and divine faivo-rs? Let us not be
like those in past centuries who were deaf
to his call and blind to his beauty; but
let us try and 0-pen our eyes that We
may see him, and open our ears that We
may hear him, and cleanse our h-carts
that he may co-me and abide in our tem-
ples" [Abdul-Baha].
It is a law of nature that stagnation
is the cause of retrogression and death.
Man must always advance and for this
purpose God has sent His Manifesta-
tions, from age to- age, for the guidance
and a.ssistancc of mankind. From the
time of Adam and Enoch to that of Moses
and Christ and do-Wn to the present day,
such divine leaders have appear-ed, guid-
ing man through the various highways
and bywaiys and leading him through
the different s~t-ages of development from
childhood to the present manhood of
the race. Man has never been Without
such instr-uctions. Each one of these
teachers gave the same message: "The
Fatherhoo-d of God' and the brotherhood
of man," but in the terminologies of
the race and the exigencies of the time,
and according to the capacity of the peo-
ple to Whom he came. Each of these
messengers h-ad a threefold mission.
First, to fulfill the prophecies of the
prophets Who preceded him and heralded
his coming. Second, to be the unique
source of all divine knowledge and' in-
struction during his dis-pensa-tion. Third,
to prepare the Way for the c-oming of
the great latter-day Messiah, Who Would
est.a.blish God's kingdom of "Peace on
earth as it is in heaven."
Christ did not establish this kingdom
but l1er'alde~d its coming. As a. proof of
this. he said: came not to send peace,
but a sword," and the Christian dispen-
sati-on has been one of Warfare and strife.
The Christian nations have perfected
the deadliest ins:trumen1:s for the cruel

