STAR OF THE VVEST 103
who possesses a good character, who has
faith in G-od and is firm, whose manners
are good, whose speech is good,-that
one is accepted at the threshold of God,
no matter what color he may be! In
short--praise be to God !--you are the
servants of God. The love of Baha'o'-
llah is in your hearts. Your souls are
rejoicing in the glad-tidings of Baha'o'-
llah. My hope is that the white and
the colored will be united in the
utmost love and fellowship, with com-
plete unity, associating in real amity and
brotherhood. Associate with each other,
think of each other and be like unto a
rose-garden. Anyone who goes into a
rose-garden will see various roses, white
roses, pink roses, yellow roses, red roses
growing together and replete with
the utmost adornment. Each one is the
adornment of the other. Vllere all of
one color, the garden would be n1onoto-
nous to the eye. If they are all white
or all yellow or all red, the garden would
lack variety and attractiveness. But
when the colors are varied, white, pink,
yellow, red, there will be the utmost
beauty. Therefore I am hoping that
you will be like unto a rose-garden. Al-
though different in colors, yet--praise
be to God! you receive rays from the
same sun. From one cloud the rain is
poured upon you. You are under the
training of one Gardener, and this Gar-
dener is kind to all. Therefore you must
manifest the utmost kindness towards
each other, and you may rest assured
that whenever you are united, the
confirmations of the Kingdom of Abha
will reach you, the heavenly favors will
descend upon you, the bounties of God
will be given to you, the sun of reality
will shine upon you, the cloud of mercy
will pour its showers upon you, and
the breeze of mercy will waft its fra-
grances upon you.
I hope you will continue in unity
and fellowship. How beautiful to see
colored and white together! I hope.
God willing, the day will come when I
shall see the red men, the Indians with
you, also the Japanese and others. Then
there will be white roses, yellow roses,
red roses, and a very beautiful rose-
garden will be organized!
ADDRESS AT 1901 EIGHTEENTH srmanr, N. 
NOVEMBER 10, 1912.
Dr. Ameen U. Fareed, interpreter; stenographic notes by Mr. Joseph H. Hannen.
AM well pleased with the friends of
I Vllashington, and entertain the ut-
most of joy for them. Likewise I am
pleased with all the friends living in the
environs of Wa.shingt0n, like Baltimore,
etc., for I have observed that their
hearts are attracted to the love of
Baha'o'llah. Their sight is occupied
with the kingdom of Baha. Their spir-
its are joyous through the glad-tidings
of Abha. Verily they are servants of
the Cause of God. All are endeavoring
to serve, and the utmost of their desire
is to enter into the kingdom of Abha
and draw near to God. On that account
I am very happy and I am well Pleased
with them. For all do I pray. May
the favors of the Blessed Beauty
(Baha'o'llah) encompass them all, and
may the lights of the sun of reality
shine upon all. May you all be united
and assured-. As a united force may
you as one, singly and alone serve God's
Cause; and I give you the glad-tidings
that the confirmation of God will reach
you. Be assured of this. Ye will be-
come illumined. Ye will become con-
querors.
But after I leave, perhaps some peo-
ple will arise in opposition to you, heap
persecutions upon you, and in the pa-
pers there may be articles against the
Cause. Rest ye in assurance of firm-
ness. Be ye well poised. Be ye serene,

