STAR OF THE WEST 47
whenever I receive news that they are in
harmo-ny so that their hearts are over-
flowing with love for one another, that
they are a comfort to one another, and
that they have devoted, their time to
serving mankind without any exception,
then my health improves more and more.
So my health depends upon their con-
duct. I am really much pleased with
them. I pray that they may beco-me
more and more confirmed by the heavenly
hosts."
In another letter, dated May 25th, of
this year, he writes that Dr. Habib'o'-
llaht passed through Beirut, With Abdul-
Baha's permission, to go to Persia and
convey the glad-tidings of his health. He
tDr. Habib'-o'1lah was in Germany last
summer, as was Mirza Aziz'o'11ah Bahadus.
states: "Abdul-Baha is exceedingly
pleased with the beloved souls in
America. They are often the object of
his commendation. Abdul-Baha says:
'Though I am here, the holy spirit in
America is confirming the dear friends,
the children of the kingdom. They are
blessed in every respect. My soul is with
them.' 
It is indeed apparent what is required
of us and that now is the time to fulfill
these expectations of Abdul-Baha. May
these words of his bring to us a re-
doubled zeal and energy and enable us
to establish the kingdom of love, unity
and peace in the hearts of mankind
today.
In the spirit of the Covenant,
George Latimer.
"The example of America must be a
special example"
Address by WVoodrow Wils-on, President of the United States, before four thousand
newly admitted citizens, at Philadelphia, May 10, 1915.
warms my heart that you should
I give nie such a reception; but it is
not of myself that I wish to think
tonight, but of those who have just be-
come citizens of the United States. This
is the only country in the world which
experiences this constant and repeated
rebirth. This country is constantly
drinking strength out of new sources by
the voluntaryassociation with it of great
bodies o-f strong men and forward look-
ing women.
And so by the gift of the free will
of independent people it is constantly
being renewed from generation to gen-
eration by the same process by which
it was originally created. It is as if hu-
manity had determined to see to it that
this great nation, founded for the bene-
fit of humanity, should not lack for the
allegiance of the people of the world.
You have just taken an oath of al-
legiance to the United States. Of al-
legia.nce to whom'! Of allegiance to no
one, unless it be to God. Certainly not
of allegiance to those Who- temporarily
represent this great government.
You have taken an oath of allegiance
to a great ideal, to a great body of prin-
ciples-, to a great hope of the hinnan
race. You have said, "We are going to
America not only to earn a living, not
only to- seek the things which it was
more difficult to obtain where we were
born but to help forward the great en-
terprises of the human let
men know that everywhere in the world
there are men who will cross strange
oceans and go where a speech is spoken
which is alien to them, knowing that
whatever the speech, there is but one
longing and utterance of the human

