134 STAR OF
The people shall hasten to- worship in
that heavenly temple, the fragrances of
God will be elevated, the divine teach-
ings will be established in the hearts like
the establishment of the spirit in man-
kind the people will then stand firm in
the Cause of your Lo-rd, the Merciful.
[Translated July 2, 1903.]
The construction of Mashrak-el-Azkar
in those regions is of th-e utmost import-
ance is conducive to the attainment 0-f
the good pleasure of the Almighty and
the descent of the confirmation by the
Exalted Lord.
[Translated June 14, 1907.]
To have it (the Mashrak-el-Azkar)
built is most important. Some material
things have spiritual effect, and the
Mashrak-el-Azkar is a material thing that
will have great effect upon the spirits
of the people. Not only does the build-
ing of the Mashrak-el-Azkar have an
effect upon those who build it, but upon
the whole wo-rld. In the time of Christ
the believers used a room under a house,
where they held their meetings. Moses
built the Tabernacle. Solomon built the
first real Temple. In the Mashrak-el-
Azkar, services will be held every morn-
ing, and the Words of Baha'o'llah only
are to be read. Mashrak-el-Azkar means
"Dawning Point of Mention" (Where
God is mentioned).
[Table talk given in Akka January, 1908.]
Thou hast Written concerning the or-
ganization of a Council for the building
of the Mashrak-el-Azkar. This news
brought much spirit and fragrance, for
the nine delegates sent by the various
assemblies gathered in that meeting and
consulted concerning the building of the
Mashrak-el-Azkar.
The Mashrak-el-Azkar is the most im-
portant matter and the greatest divine
Institute. Consider how the first insti-
tute of His holiness Moses, after his
exodus from Egypt, was the "Tent of
which he raised and which
was the traveling Temple. It was a tent
which they pitched in the desert wher-
THE VVEST
ever they abode and worshiped in it.
Likewise, after His holiness Christ--
May the spirit of the world be a sacrifice
to Him first institute by the disci-
ples was a Temple. They planned a
Church in every country. Consider the
Giospel (read it) and the importance of
the Mashrak-el-Azkar will become evi-
dent.
In fine, I ho-pe that all the beloved of
God, collectively, in the continent of
America, men and women, will strive
night and day, until the Mashrak-el-
Azkar be erected in the utmost solidity
and beauty.
[Translated February 4, 1908.]
Concerning the erection of the Tem-
ple: Now all the b-eliev-ers must become
united so that the T'emple may be built
soon in one place, for should (the be-
lievers)~ undertake (the erection of the
Temple) in many places, it will not be-
co-me completed anywhere. And, as in
Chicago they have preceded every other
place to plan the erection of the Temple,
undoubtedly, to co-operate and help them
is no-bler and a necessity. The-n, When
it is built in one place, it will become
erected in many other places. If, for the
present, you prepare or establish a home
in New York, though by renting it, to
become a center fo-r the gathering of the
believers of God, it is very acceptable.
God willing, in all the states of America
in the future, there will be erected Tem-
ples with infinite architectural beauty,
art, with pleasing proportions, and hand-
some and attractive appearance, espe-
cially in New York. But, for the pres-
ent, be ye satisfied with a rented place.
[Translated May 9, 1908.]
But it is two or three years since a
number of people are making efforts in
Chicago, but this has not yet given re-
sult, and important persons are exerting
themselves and applying for contribu-
tions to various quarters. Now, while
the building of this Temple is not yet
started or engaged in, if there be the
founding of a second Temple under-
taken, neither of the two would be ac-

