18 STAR OF
from the dawning-point of Majesty and
Might with a Command which has illu-
mined the eyes of the near ones. Verily
this is the day wherein fire declares in
all the things." (This is an Arabic text;
you must know there are many such sim-
ilies in Arabic. "Fire" refers here to
the fire in the "bush" seen by Moses.)
"Verily it declares that the Beloved of
the world hath appeared, and in the esti-
mation of all things there is a declara-
tion that the Interlocutor of the wise
hath appeared, and they are ready to
hearken to the Word of the generous
and wise. Hast thou imagined that thou
canst extinguish a light ignited by God?
No verily, by His might and power! By
that which thou hast committed, that is
to say the persecutions, its volume has
been increased and its ignition has aug-
mented, and ere long it will spread an-d
set aglow the denizens of the earth. Even
so hath the matter been accomplished,
and nothing upon the earth nor in hea-
ven can withstand the onward march of
this command."
(This is the prophecy "Ere long there
shall come a change of affairs; a revolu-
tion in the land of mystery, Adrianople,
and in its environment (Ro-umelia), and
it will go out of the hand of the king.
There shall be a great quaking and be-
wailing, and revolution and corruption
will be witnessed everywhere. In all
parts of Roumelia affairs will undergo
transformation because of that which
hath befallen the captives. (Referring
to Baha'o'llah and his party.) Verily
that government will change, and things
will be straightened, and there will be
lamentation even of the infants; lamen-
tation to the extent that stones and clay
will lament in Constantinople, and even
trees and inanimate objects will bemoan
and lament. Blood will be spilled in that
land, and thou shalt find the people in
a great turmoil and trouble. Did the
Pharoahs withstand the power of the
sovereignty of God while they existed
upon the earth and when they were of
the oppressors? Verily we caused the
Interlocutor (Moses) to appear from the
house of Pharoah even to express the
THE 
great power of God. And recall the time
when Nimrod ignited the fire to burn the
Friend of God (Abraham). Verily the
oppressors have ever exercised a ferocity
or oppression toward the wronged ones,
endeavoring to exterminate the light of
God and extinguish the flame of life.
We have caused the command to be is-
sued in the countries, and we have caused
His mission to be proclaimed amongst
the unitarians. Verily this youth hath
come to unify the denizens of the earth;
all of them. Ere long God, through His
power, will conquer, and thou shalt find
the earth a delectable paradise of Abha.
Even so hath this matter been recorded
upon a mighty tablet with the strong
pen of God."
Many are the other prophecies in this
book; especially to the shah of Persia,
all of which prophecies have come to pass.
They are and we have not time
to quote them.
The purpose of this citation is that
Baha'o'llah's great endeavor in the east
was to unify these people, to cause them
to- agree, to reconcile them one with the
other, thereby to manifest the oneness of
the world of humanity, to prepare the
way for international peace, and to have
all enjoy composure and welfare. But
they have not hearkened to the summons
of Baha'o'llah. Nay rather, both the
Persian and Turkish governments arose
against his cause, and the result is that
the governments of Persia and Turkey
have both gone to pieces. Whereas had
they heard his commands and received
his admonitions, both of these countries
would have been protected. They would
have been in the utmost joy and happi-
ness. They would have exercised fellow-
ship together. T-hey would have availed
themselves of the wonderful power of
love and unity. They would have been
well pleased with each other. They would
have dwelt in the delectable paradise.
But alas! The commands and behests of
the Bless-ed One have not been listened
unto. Nay rather, day after day they
have followed their own devices, until
now this fire is raging mo-st furiously.

