STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
lntered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the pout ofl-ice at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3.1879Edilorialstaf: ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE ZIA M. BAGDADI
7 Honoram Member.-_ 7Mmza AHMAD Somme 
Terms 1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy dz
further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Otdetl payable to Bnruu P. 0. Box 283. Chicago, 111,, U. S. A.
To personal ehechl please add luflictent to cover the bank exchange.
Vi" 7' If 7' 
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the Wes-tl ms IS cop! 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country "of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ IS small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these denend upon firmw-H. fi"mM-88.
firmness! (Signed) Axum.-Bum An/ls.
- 
Vol. VI Nur 1, 71 gune pi 
Wilhelm presided and through his spir-
itual perceptions and his keenness of
humor assisted the flow of happiness
and rejoicing. The spirit of Abdul-
Baha permeated throughout, becoming
stronger and stronger as the feast pro-
ceedcd.
When at the end, Dr. Frederick W.
D'Eve1yn read a cablegram received
from Persia telling of the 
of a venerable Bahai teacher and of
the danger to the friends there, asking
us to intercede With our government
for the protection of the Americans in
Persia, the consciousness of ncarness
was so great as to be beyond descrip-
tion. We were submerged in the sea
of oneness and all barriers were swept
away. In the prayer for these needy
ones that followed We ascended to the
holy threshold, and supplicated with a
new understanding of the joys and the
sufferings that come to those who have
been the recipients of the divine bounty
of oneness and brotherhood. So close
were the ties that bound us in the spirit
of Baha'o'llah that though we were in
America, we were conscious of the spir-
itual atmosphere of the beloved friends
in Persia. The traces of divine unity
were apparent in every face.
At the close of the feast a photograph
was taken on the terrace and this will
always be a reminder of the spiritual
hospitality that adorned that memor-
able gathering.
F. Ober.
Ceremonies at the Reception Given to the
International Bahai Congress
(Continued from page thirty-four)
give, that it cannot tolerate the exist-
ence of the misery of others, and must
banish poverty and establish justice on
this earth!
THE CHAIRMAN: We can safely
intrust the closing words of this never-
to-be-forgotten occasion to our es-
teemed co-worker, Mr. William H. Ran-
dall, of Boston.
MR-. RANDALL: Mr. Chairman, Di-
rector Britton, members of this com-
mittee, friends: I am glad I was not

