112 STAR OF
of the Blessed Perfection (Baha'o'llah).
But the Center of the Covenant is the
Point toward which all the people of
the World must turn their faces. He is
the Interpreter of the Books and all the
Bahais are b-ene=ath his protection.
Therefore, if any soul by himself, inter-
prets the Books of God contrary to the
clear text emanating from the pen of
the Covenant, it is not acceptable and
this will beco-me the ca.use of differences
amongst the believers of God" (From a
recent Tablet of Abdul-Baha).
The fruit appears upon the branch and
not upon the root of the tree, therefore
the fruits of Baha'o'llah's teachings are
being ripened and brought to fruition
through Abdul-Baha. He" is ushering in
the new harvest of Universal Peace and
the Oneness of the World of Humanity-
Which means the cessation of fruitless
strife and ruin-ous warfare. Thus the
antagonism of faiths and religio-ns and
the racial and patriotic differences Will
be eradicated and for all the-re will be
one religion, one faith, one race, one
people and one home, and the din and
clamor caused by Wa.rfare and discordant
revelry Will be changed to the beautiful
and harmonious melodies o-f the kingdom
of paradise.
These blessings are coming to man
through his firmness in the Covenant.
Abdul-Baha has said: "Today firm-
ness in the Covenant is the means of the
THE WEST
promotion of the Word of God and con-
ducive to the effect of the word of man,"
for the fulfillment of this Covenant it
is necessary for the believers of God to
imitate the conduct and manner of Ab-
dul-Baha, that is they must engage in
teaching and spreading the Cause of
God; their words must be like the flame
of fire, burning away the veils of dog-
mas, passion and desire and they must be
in the utmost state of humility and? self-
renunciation so that others may be mind-
ful. In order to accomplish this fulfill-
ment of the Covenant, one has only to
follow out the following admonition of
Abdul-Bah.a 
"Through the protection and help of
the Blessed Perfection (Baha'o'llah),
you must conduct and deport yourselves
in such a manner that you may stand
out among other souls distinguished by a
brilliancy like unto the sun. If any one
of you enters a city he must become the
center of attraction because of the sin-
cerity, fatthfu-lness, honesty, fidelity,
truthfulness, and loving-htnidness of his
dispositio-n and nature toward all the
inhabitants of the World. That the peo-
ple of the city may cry out: 'This per-
son is unquestionably a Bahai. For his
manners, his behavior, his conduct, his
morals, his nature and his disposition are
of the attributes of the Bahais.' Until
you do atta/in to this station, you have
not fulfilled the Covenant and Testament
of God."
the Forgiving!"
Concluding paragraph of "The Daily Prayer"
revealed by Ba/za'0'lla/1
[Then sitting down, sayz] confess Thy Oneness and Singleness and
that Thou art God: There is no God but Thee! Thou hast manifested
Thy Command, FULFILLED THY COVENANT, and opened the gate
of Thy Bounty to all who are in the Heavens and upon the earth. Prayer 
and peace, praise and glory be upon Thy beloved, who were not prevented
by the deeds of the people from turning unto Thee, and who ofiered what
they had for the hope of' what Thou hast. verily Thou art the Merciful,

