94- STAR OF THE WEST
son or daughter, if he comes to America Without having a new permission
written in my_ own handwriting or signature, do not meet him at all. Inform
all cities. (Signed) ABBAS.
Cablegram from Paris, February 14, 1913, to Parsons-Remey, Washington:
I am servant of Baha! His holiness Baha'o'llah is unique and peerless.
All must turn to Baha'o'llah. This is the religion of Abdul-Baha. Firmness
in the Covenant means love and obedience to the command of Abdul-Baha.
Announce this. (Signed) ABBAS.
Portion of a tablet to l\/Ir. Roy C. Wilhelm, translated by Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab, March 25, 1913, Paris, France. The original of this tablet is in Abdul-
Baha's own handwriting:
Convey my longing greeting to all the believers of God throughout all
the cities of America and announce to them on my behalf that if any person
from amongst the Persian believers who may be well known as to his charac-
ter, whether man comes to America and has -not a new permission for his going to America
Written with my own handwriting and signed with my own signature, you
must not give him any attention at all. Whosoever speaks with him is a vio-
lator of the Covenant! This question is most important. Undoubtedly you
must show the utmost caution. There are some wolves in sheep's clothes who
may claim to be shepherds. 'Whosoever from amongst the Persian believers
arrives in America although he may be related to me,--that is,--even if he
be my son-in-law or she be my daughter, first ask of him the letter giving him a
new permission to come again to America. If he shows you any such letter,
be most careful and attentive that it is my Writing and my signature, that
they may not be counterfeits. Then you cable to me and inquire about him.
When the answer is received by you that it is correct then you meet him,
otherwise do not associate with him. Announce the contents of this letter to
all the believers and the maid-servants of the Merciful throughout America.
Signed ABDUL--BAHA AB-BAS.
Excerpt from tablet to Mrs. Harriet Cline, Los Angeles, Calif., translated
by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Paris, March' 29, 1913:
Today firmness in the Covenant is the means of the promotion of the
Word of God and conducive to the eifeet of the word of man. Any explana-
tion which does not accord With the Covenant Will have no efiect Whatever.
Therefore, _Whosoever heralds the Covenant of God, unquestionably he is con-
firmed. This has been tried a thousand times; -Any soul who violates, the
Covenant and Testament in the least degree, immediately he is cut oif; even
in this material world he will become affiicted with remorse and regret.
(Signed) ABBAS.
From a tablet to an American Bahai, translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
Paris, March 4, 1913:
Whosoever claims that Abdul-Baha has given to him a tablet or sent a
cablegram he must prove it (by showing it). Do not accept the saying of
anyone on mere statement. He must bring forth the unmistakable and valid

