98 STAR or
praise be to God banquet and this
assemblage are fo-r no other purpose
than love; for the purpose of showing
forth the Kingdom; for manifestation of
the traces of God; fo-r reflecting the
effulgenc-cs of the Kingdom of God; for
connecting the hearts together; for serv-
ice to the World of humanity; for the
promulgation of humanitarianism and
altruism; for promoting and advocating
international peace; for the illumination
of the World at large. Therefore such
an ass.e"mblage as this is matchless, peer-
less, because every other assemblage is
held for a limited object, fo-r a personal
rea.son, whereas this meeting is fo-r God
and God only; for the love of God. It
is for the love of the hearts of men. It
is for the oneness of the world of hu-
manity. So- it behooves us to offer
thanks to God, for He has confirmed us
in attaining hereto. He has suffered us
to be servants of the World of humanity,
to be advocates of universal peace
amongst the religions; to herald univer-
sal peace amongst the races; to estab-
lish universal peace amongst the nations
and all peoples.
It is my fervent, fond hope through
the favor of God that this present meet-
ing may be instrumental in ushering in
the day When the standard of the one-
ness of the world of humanity shall be
held aloft in America. May it be the
first real foundation of Universal Peace.
May it have for its object universal serv-
ice to man. May it be divine philan-
thropy t-o humanity. May it never ob-
serve any distinctions or differentiations.
May you consider all the religions as the
servers of God, and mayyou regard all
the races as avenues of Go-d's Manifesta-
tions. May you know humankind to be
the sheep of God, and may you know for
a certainty that God is the real Shepherd
of all. Consider how this kind and ten-
der Shepherd most gently cares for all
His flock; how He leads them to green
pastures and beside the still waters; and
how Well He protects them! Verily this
real Shepherd observes no distinctions
THE VVEST
whatso-ever. To all the sheep He is kind.
Therefore We must emulate the example
of God and strive in pathways of good
and Well-wishing for all humanity. May
we endeavor with heart and soul to rec-
oncile the religions o-f the earth, to rec-
oncile the peoples of the earth, to recon-
cile and unify all the nations. May we
uphold the flag of solidarity, and may
We enkindle a light which shall illumine
all regions with the radiance of oneness.
May all our purposes be centralized in
the earnest desire of attaining the good-
pleasure 0-f God, and may our supreme
efforts be directed to the Welding to-
gether of the human household. Let us
not regard our own respective capaci-
ties; nay, rather let us regard forever
the favors of God. The drop must not
observe its own limited capacity. Nay
rather, it must regard the sufficiency
and capacity of the o-cean which ever
glorifieth the drop. The tender and
simple seed, solitary though it may be,
must not look at its own lack of power.
Nay rather, its attention must ever be
directed to the sun, in the rays of which
it basks and' it must ever consider the
downpour of the cloud o-f mercy. For
the bounty of the cloud, the effulgence
and heat of the sun and the breath of
the vernal can transform the
tiny seed and develop it into a mighty
tree. And may you remember that a
single infinitesimal atom in the ray of
the sun and through a shining beam of
the solar energy becomes glorified and
radiant.
Therefore let us ever trust in Go-d and
seek confirmation and assistance from
Him. Let us have perfect and absolute
confidence in the bounty of the King-
dom. Recall the events connected with
souls o-f b-y-gone times, in the beginning
of their days; and again regard the-m
When, through the assistance and the aid
of God, they proved to be the mighty
ones of the earth. Remember the fact
that Peter was a fisherman, but through
the bounty of the Kingdom he became
the great apostle. Mary, the Magdalen,

