5z STAR or
may overflow. As in this region the giv-
ing up of life is not attainable, therefore
it is necessary to hasten to other parts.
Then go to Ishkabad and a letter will
be written to Hazrati Afnan to prepare
the necessities of the journey to send you
to Isfahan because in Isfahan the people
are crying aloud for teachers and I hope
THE WVEST
that you may attain to a great and dis-
tinguished service on this journey. From
Isfahan you may hasten to Abadeh and
Shiraz and from there to the shores of
the Persian gulf and the journey may be
ended at the blessed tomb.
Upon thee be Baha'o'llah-el-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Tran-slated by M. VaIi'o'l1ah Khan Vargha, May 28, 1915, Teheran
Brief history of the Mashrak-el-Azkar
in America
BY Mas. Cosmnn Tans.
Concourse of Creation! People of God! Construct homes or houses,
in the most beautiful fashion possible, in every city, in every land, in the Name
of the Lorcl of religions. Adorn them with that which beseemeth them, not
with pictures or paintings. Then commemorate thy Lord, the Merciful the
Clement, in spirit and fragrance. Verily, by His mention, by this commemora-
tion, the breasts shall be dilated, the eyes illumined, the hearts gladcl-ened;
anol thus shall you pray the orient of praises, in the Mashrah-el-Azka-r."
--From the Kihtab-el-Ahctas, by Baha'o '1lah.
AVING heard enthusiastic reports
of the building of the first Mash-
rak-el-Azkar in Ishkabad, Russia,
the members of the spiritual committeeit
of the Chicago Assembly were inspired to
supplicate to the Center of the Covenant,
Abdul.-Baha, to grant permission for the
second Mashrak-el-Azkar to be built in
America.
On June 7, 1903, a tablet was revealed
in Acca by Abdul-Baha saying, "Now
the day has arrived in which the edifice
0-f God, the divine sanctuary, the spirit-
ual temple, shall be erected in America.' 
The following words from the pen of
Abdul-Baha clearly indicate the erection
of a material building: "The Mashrak~
el-Azkar, though outwardly a material
foundation, is possessed of spiritual
effect and causes the unio-n of hearts
and the gathering of souls. . . .
Praise be to God! The erection of the
Mashrak-el-Azkar has a great effect in
all grades (or states). It was tested in
the east and so evidently and plainly was
*Better known as the "House of Spirit-

it proved good (that) even when in a
village a house was called the Mashrak-
el-Azkar, it possessed a different effect.
How much more its building and organi-
zation." Furthermore, he says, "The
Mashrak-el-Azkar is the most important
matter and the greatest divine institute.
Consider how the first institute of his
holiness Moses, after his exodus from
Egypt was the 'Tent of 
which he raised and which was the trav-
elling temple. It was a tent which they
pitched in the desert wherever they
abode, and worshipped in it. Likewise,
after his holiness the spirit
of the world be a sacrifice to 
first institute by the disciples was a
temple. They planned a church in every
country. Consider the Gospel read
it), and the importance of the Mashrak-
el-Azkar will become evident. I hope
that all the beloved of God, collectively,
on the continent of Am-erica., men and
women, will strive night and day until
the Mashrak-el-Azkar is erected in the
utmost solidity and beauty."
And again: "Today, the establish-

