STAR OF THE WEST 139
therefore life continues. When, in this
Wonderful organism, there is a discon-
nection, life is changed into death and
the parts of the body disintegrate. Like-
wise, among the parts of existence, there
is a wonderful connection and inter-
change of forces, which is the cause of
the life of the World and the continua-
tion of these countless phenomena.
When one considers the living beings
and the growing plants, he realizes that
the animals and man sustain life by in-
haling the emanations from the vegetable
World, and this fiery element is called
oxygen. The vegetable kingdom also
draws life from the living creatures in
the substance called carbon. In brief,
the beings of sensation acquire life from
the growing beings and, in turn, the
growing things receive life from the
sensitive creatures. Therefore, this in-
terchange of forces and inte=r-c0mmuni-
cation is continual and uninterrupted.
From this illustration, one can see the
base of life is this mutual aid and help-
fulness; a.nd the cause of destruction and
non-existence would be the interruption
of this mutual assistance.
The more the World aspires to civiliza-
tion, the more this most important mat-
ter of co-operation and assistance be-
comes manifest. Therefore, in the world
of humanity, one sees this matter of
helpfulness attain to a high degree of
efficiency; so much so, that the contin-
uance of humanity entirely depends up-
on this interrelation. The believers of
God must especially fortify the founda-
tion of this reality among themselves, so
that all may help each other under all
circumstances, Whether in the degree of
truth and signifioances or in the stations
of this world of matter and, especially,
in founding public institutions which
shall benefit all the people, and, still
more, the founding of the Mashrak-eL
Azkar, which is the greatest of the divine
foundations.
Consequently, the friends of God, with
the utmost magnanimity, sincerity of
purpose and self-abnegation, must help
for the b-uilding of this supreme founda-
tion. Now, in the regions of America,
the believers of God have resolved to
build the Mashrak-el-Azkar and, While
choosing the land in a most beautiful
spot, they are occupied in gathering con-
tributions. Although they will build this
Mashrak-el-Azkar with the utmost beauty
and completeness, yet, for the sake of
the communication between orient and
occident, the increase of spiritual aifec-
tion and love and the solidarity of the
foundation of unity and concord, all the
believers in the east must contribute ao-
cording to their means, no matter how
small the sum may be. God does not
ask from any soul except according to
his ability. This contribution must come
from all cities and villages from all the
believers of God. They should send' all
contributions to this Holy Land, so that
they may be forwarded from here to
America through a confidential channel.
In brief, ye friends of God, rest as-
sured that in place of this contribution,
your commerce, your agriculture and in-
dustries shall be blessed many times.
Whosoever comes with one good act, God
will give him tenfold. There is no doubt
that the living Lord shall assist and con-
firm the generous soul.
my Lord! my Lord! Illumine
the faces of Thy sincere and beloved
ones. Assist them with the angels of
Thy manifest victory; make them firm in
Thy great path; open before them the
doors of blessings through Thine ancient
favor, for they give in Thy way what-
ever they have, protecting Thy religion,
assured in Thy mentioning, sacrificing
their souls for Thy love, giving what they
have for Thy beauty, so that they may
gain Thy good pleasure. my Lord,
destine for them inexhaustible compen-
sation, never failing bounty and divine
outpouring.
Verily, Thou art the Confirmer, the
Assister, the Generous, the Giver, and
the Merciful.
[Translated August 24, 1909.]

