56 srna or
the north shore tract in the afternoon
but it made them stronger for the trip,
both spiritually and physically. That
evening a spirited meetin.g was held over
the location and it was unanimously
voted that the north shore tract was
most desirable. Miss Gertrude Buikema
took the minutes of this meeting. Upon
closer investigation the north shore tract
(now the site of the Mashrak-el-Azkar)
was found to consist of fourteen lots.
The spiritual meeting of the Chicago
Assembly, after bringing the matter be-
fore the assembly for approval, took
title to two of the lots in the name o-f the
treasurer of the assembly, Mr. Carl
Schefiler, and arose to obey the Center
of the Covenant when he said, 'You have
only to begin, everything will be all
right." The sum of $2,000 was paid for
those two lots on April 9, 1908.
On June 19, 1908, a tablet was re-
vealed by Abdul-Baha and translated by
his daughter Moneveh Khanum, in which
he wrote, "Ask every spiritual meeting
in the -other cities that they will each se-
lect one and send him, and from these
selected ones and with those who are se-
lected from the Chicago meetings, estab-
lish a new meeting for the provision of
the needs of the temple. If this be es-
tablish-ed with perfect fragrance and joy,
it will produce great results. In this new
meeting, especially for the establishment
of the temple, women are also to be
members."
In compliance with these instruc-
tions from Abdul-Baha, the House of
Spirituality of the Chicago Assembly
called the secondf Mashrak-el-Azkar con-
vention for March 22 and 23, 1909, the
proceedings of which were accurately re-
corded by Miss Gertrude Buikema and
Mr. Charles Ioas, duly elected to act as
secretaries, and afterwards printed. Thus
the tiny mustard seed of nine delegates
grew in the two intervening years to four
times nine. The Bahai Temple Unity re-
sulted, as an organization, with full
*More often referred to as the first con-
vention because it was the first general gath-
ering of Bahais in Editors
THE WVEST
power and authority to provide ways and
means for the erection of the Mashrak-
el-Azkar. A constitution was presented
and adopted and the first executive board
of Bahai Temple Unity was elected and
authorized by the convention to close and
complete the purchase of the land, recom-
mended by the first convention, 1907, of
which two lots had been bought and paid
for, with an option secured on the re-
maining twelve lots. Immediately after
the close of the convention the newly
appointed executive board went -into
session, selecting its officers in ac-
cordance with the constitution. The
treasurer of the Chicago Assembly, Mr.
Scheffler, in whose name the title to the
two lots was held, turned over to the
Bahai Temple Unity all official docu-
ments and all monies held by him for the
Mashrak-el-Azkar, as follows:
Monies on hand . . . . . . . . . . . .
. 
Land values . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
.. 2,000.00
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . $5,666.44
When the two lots had been purchased,
Mr. C. E. Brush, one of Chicago 's archi-
tects, kindly made a plat of the tract and
its surroundings, which was sent to Ab-
dul-Baha. A beautiful tablet flowed from
his pen, "To the friends and maid-serv-
ants," saying that on the anniversary of
the declaration of his holiness the Su-
preme, the Bab, the map of the Mashrak-
cl-Azkar had been presented, that "great
joy was obtained thereby and with the
greatest care it was considered;" that
"it is indeed a delightful spot worthy
of this edifice and building." (Date of
this Tablet, July 4, 1908).
The members of the Executive Board
of Bahai Temple Unity appointed Messrs.
Mills, Hall and acobsen, a c-ommittee to
attend to the land negotiations, and an
o-lfer of $32,500 fox; the remaining twelve
lots was made and accepted with a con-
tract providing for the payment of
$5,000 every six months, with interest,
commencing July 1, 1909. A religious
corporation was effected under the laws
of Illinois in the name "Bahai Temple
Unity,' and the title to the land secured.

