STAR OF THE WEST l7
Prophecies of Baha'o'llah concerning
Adrianople, Constantinople
and Roumelia
Talk by Abdul-Baha at the home of Mrs. Parsons,
Washington, D. C., November 7, 1912
From stenographic notes by Mr. Joseph H. Hannen
LTHOUGH this evening I feel
A quite fatigued, yet now that I am
face to face with you I suddenly
feel animated; therefore I shall speak to
you.
Consider events in the Balkans today,
where a great conflagration is furiously
raging and so much blood is being shed.
You can say the whole world of humanity
is virtually lamenting and mourning be-
cause of the revival of this warfare. Gov-
ernments a.re in the process of change
and transformation. The sovereignty of
the Orient at large is tottering; it is sub-
ject to the greatest uncertainty. I desire,
therefore, to touch upon this subject.
Most especially do I wish to touch upon
the phases of this war" which Baha'o'llah
prophesied forty years a.go fully and
completely. He addressed a letter to the
sultan of Turkey during his exile and
while he was under surveillance in the
prison of Akka. He likewise addressed
epistles to Napoleon and to the shah
of Persia. All these letters which he sent
to the crowned heads of the earth were
compiled in a book which was published
thirty-five years ago in Bombay, India.
It was published years ago. There are
several editions of the book. The first
edition was about thirty-five years ago,
and another twenty-two years ago. I
have with me a copy of the edition of
twenty-two years ago. Professor E. G.
Browne, of Cambridge University, wrote
a book detailing therein his visit to Akka.
He followed that first Work by another
wherein he quoted extracts from these
tablets or letters, some of which have
been translated into English and are to
be found in the libraries. You can look
them up in your lib-rary here. I thought
some of the friends possessed copies of
these. Some had copies, but they have
passed them on from hand to hand un-
til no one knows where these copies are.
Inasmuch as they are published in Lon-
don you can all secure copies. I/Vhen you
get copies-, carefully peruse these ex-
tracts, in order that you may see the re-
markable statements of these tablets. In
brief, in his words addressed to the sul-
tan of Turkey he says: "Verily, because
of your oppression against the subjects
who dwell in your land, and because of
your great tyranny in governing, ere
long your government will undergo
change, and soon you shall be dethroned
and Roumelia will be taken out of Tur-
key or conquered. It will be occupied
by others. And in Constantinople there
shall come a reign of terror, to such a
degree that women will be mourning and
wailing, children will be crying, men la-
menting, and the cries of these will reach
unto heaven." I wish therefore to read
certain parts of this book, citing the
very words which Baha'o'llah uttered
in that connection. They will be trans-
lated to you. The third edition was pub-
lished in Bombay twenty-two years ago.
The date is 1308 A. H., about twenty-
two years according t-0 your calendar.
The Western calendar is different from
the east.
(Readingz) thou king (literally
president), verily thou hast committed
that whereat the prophet Mohammed
mourns and laments in his delectable
paradise! Verily the glory of this earth
hath made thee haughty because thou
hast turned thy face toward the counte-
nance wherefrom light radiates towards
all the denizens of the earth. Ere long
thou shalt find thyself in the most great
loss. Thou has united with the king of
Persia, the shah, in exercising oppression
toward me; even after I cry towards ye

