86 STAR on

Only One Religion for Entire World
Requisite for Universal Peace Announced by Mirza Ali Kuli Khan.
Persian Charge d'affaires Speaks Before International
Peace Congress
IRZA Ali Kuli Khan, charge
d'affaires of the Persian lega-
tion at Wa.shington, D. C., in an
address before the International Peace
Congress at San Francisco, said:
"Humanity, from the dawn of his-
tory, has progressed under the guid-
ance. of prophetic teachers from a state
of infancy through the various stages
of development leading to its maturity.
In spite of all obstacles to the con-
trary, the course of humanity, in the
long run, has never been impeded by
retrogression.
"The prophets of God, Whose gospels
were the result of a Well founded op-
timism, aimed at the unity of man be-
cause of their due knowledge of the
principle of human unity, which in the
mind of God had ever been an accom-
plished fact. Each world teacher ac-
complished that plan in conformity
with the limited capacity manifested
by his people.
"God applied His original plan for
the unification of Israel through Moses,
of the Gentiles through Jesus, of the
Parsees through Zoroaster, of the Hin-
dus through the Buddha, and of the
other sect-ions of humanity through
other world teachers and prophets.
"Today, which to the wise and
thoughtful is the day of the maturity
of the human race, God will accomplish
that noble plan. In the voice raised in
all parts of the World in favor of peace,
and in the efforts extended by the
peace-loving element in the world's
population, which constitutes the posi-
tive, affirmative principle of the human
body politic, We find a potent manifest
proof that the day of peace has dawned,
and is steadily, though slowly, break-
ing through the dense clouds which
temporarily impede its course to the
meridian of its glory.
"Although the effecting of a world
brotherhood is the determined plan of
God, it is for the membership of the
human family to co-operate in its real-
ization.
"In our effort to unify the world we
must take the lessons taught by the
past great religions in achieving the
moral and spiritual uplift of their re-
spective peoples, for no unit_y of a peo-
ple existing in a civilized state could
be independent of moral .and spiritual
character. The building of such char-
acter has been the task of every true
religion.
"As our aim today is the creation of
a world civilization, based upon a
World unity, we must enlarge our
conception of religion to reach the di-
mensions of a world religion-fthe re-
ligion of humanity.
"Such religion should include the
truth of all religions and exclude all
patriotic, national and racial bias.
"The most successful political and
industrial steps taken by any nation
toward human betterment are those
represented by the federal and indus-
trial institutions organized in the
United States, the greatest republic of
all time; for these American institu-
tions, in their domestic and interna-
tional relations-hips, are impregnated
with the spirit of justice, altruism and
broad humanity, which is embodied in
the religion of humanity, because they
exhale the fragrance of the noble say-
ings of the Persian prophet [Baha'-
0'1lah] of these modern times: 'Ye are all.
the leaves of one tree and the drops of

