resulting from divine eifulgences; in
short, that division which is concerned
with the realm of morality or the
ethical plane. This is the fundamental
aspect of the religion of God, and this is
important, because knowledge is of first
importance. Man must know God. He
must comprehend the oneness of Divin-
ity. He must come to know and to ac-
knowledge the preceptsof God, and he
must come to the point of knowing for
a certainty that the ethical development
of humanity is dependent upon religion.
Man must get rid of all defects, and
seek the acquisition of virtues. Thus
may he prove to be the "image and
likeness of God." It is recorded in the
holy Bible that God stated: "We shall
create man after our own image and
likeness." It is self-evident that the
im.age and likeness thus mentioned do
not apply to the ordinary form and
visage of a human being, because the
reality of Divinity is not 'subject to any
form or anatomic figure. Nay, rather,
by the "image and likeness of God"
are meant the attributes and character-
istics of God. Even as God is pro-
nounced to be just, man must likewise
be just. Even as God loves all men,
man must likewise love all humanity.
Even as God is kind to all, man must
be kind to all his fellowmen. Even as
God is loyal and truthful, man must be
loyal and truthful. Even as God ex-
ercises mercy toward all, man must
himself to be the manifestation
of mercy. In a Word, the "image and
likeness of God" constitute the virtues
of God, and man must ever become the
recipient of the effulgences of divine
at-tributes. This signifies the "image
and likeness of God." Again, let it be
stated that each religion of God is di-
visible into two divisions or depart-
ments. One division is connected with
these virtues, and that is the founda-
tion, and this you will find common to
all the divine religions. His holiness
Abraham promulgated this. I-lis holi-
ness Moses promulgated this. His holi-
ness Christ upheld this standard. In
4- STAR OF THE VVEST
short, all the prophets have promul-
gated this aspect of religion.
The second division, which is non-
essential, which has to do with the
transactions of humanity and is of no
great import, that department is acci-
dental and changes according to the
exigencies of time and place. It is not
fundamental, it is accidental. For ex-
ample, during the times of Noah, it was
expedient that all the sea foods be con-
sidered as lawful, and so God com-
manded Noah to partake of all marine
animal life. But during the time of
Moses this was not in accordance with
the exigencies of the time, therefore a
second command was issued which abro-
gated partly the law, making unlaw-
ful certain of the marine foods. Dur-
ing the time of Abraham-upon whom
be is well known that
camel 's milk was considered a very law-
ful and delicious food; likewise the
flesh of the camel. But during Jacob 's
time, because of a certain vow which
Jacob rendered, this became unlawful.
These are the non-essential aifairs.
In the holy Bible there are certain
commandments which, according to
those bygone times, constitued the very
spirit of the age--the very light of that
period. For example, according to the
law of the Torah, if a man committed
theft to the extent of a dollar they cut
off his hand; but now is it possible to
cut a man 's hand off for a theft of a
dollar"? There are to be found in the
Torah ten ordinances concerning mur-
der. Are these effective today? No;
times have changed. According to the
explicit text of the Bible, if a man
should change or break the law of the
Sabbath, if he should touch fire on the
Sabbath, he must be killed. Today such
a law is abrogated. The Torah declares
if a man should say an unseemly word
of his father, he must be killed. Is this
possible of execution now? No, indeed.
Times have changed. Likewise during
the time of Christ there were certain
minor ordinances which were agreeable
for those times.

