STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES 11 YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago Ill-. U. S.A.
2 2 
7 i Entered an second-Elias matter April 9, 1911, at the post ofi_ic?iatiChicazo. Illinois, under the Ac} of March 3. 1879.
Editorial Staf: ALBERT R. WINDUST GERTRUDE BUIKEMA DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
_r Honororyillifember: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB 
TERMS: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy.
Non--Until further notice. diltribution in the Orient is through Agentl.
Make Money Order: payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Bo: 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add aufieient to cover the bani: exchanne. 
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S. A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! an Is eon!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form IS small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these_depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Anus.
Vol. VI Elm 1, 7I (Qctober 16, 1915) No. 12
"The confirmation of the Kingdom of Abha shall
descend uninterruptedly upon those souls
who are firm in the Covenant"
TABLET
To the beloved of God in America--On them be glory and bounty!
The maid-servant of God, Lua, was a long time occupied in India in spread-
ing the fragrances of the love of God. She is now ready to return to the
regions of America. Show her every consideration. She is firm in the Cove-
nant of love. In reality she Worked vigorously during her sojourn in India,
and she is Worthy of love.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Haifa, August 27, 1915.
ALLAH 
On the opposite page We take pleasure in reproducing a photographic
copy of the original tablet Written by Abdul-Baha sent through Lua Getsinger
to the Bahais in America, the English translation of which is given above. Per-
haps, some Who read the simple statements in this tablet may Wonder Why it
was Written at all, inasmuch as the bearer is Well known to all the Bahais
in America; yet to those who are informed of the spread of the Bahai Cause
in the West, it is replete with meanings.
What We have in mind is this: It is the duty of B-ahais, of course, to
receive all, Whether from the East or the West in the sp-irit of friendship, but
as a protection to the Cause, Abdul-Baha has made it a rule that any one com-
ing from the East, Whether a Bahai or not, even if it be one of his own rela-
tives, who does not bring a letter of permission Written in his [Abdul-Baha's]
own handwriting With his own signature--such an one must not be approached
by the Bahais, Who must even shun him.

