STAR OF THE VVEST 31
new." When I came here to these
grounds, What did I find'? The new
architecture, fused of all the great
architecture of the past, but a new
architecture in which there is nothing
as it was in the ancient time, because
here you see, as you wander back and
forth, how the Byzantine and the Moor-
ish and the Romanesque have clasped
hands with the old classic Greek and
Roman of the past, and neither one
could recognize itself in the result that
has transmuted all, and created, on
these Wonderful fields along the shore
of the Pacific, forms of beauty which
must suggest to every observer the
glories of the buildings of the future
that we are to create.
Let me say to you: Have you not
thought of this? Is not the very cre-
ation of this Wonderful fair out of the
heart of the city that only nine years
ago was razed to the ground,--is it not
the most marvelous demonstration of
the great and new spiritual force that
is in the world today, converting and
transmuting and transforming all the
physical forms of the universe? I
know of no greater miracle than that
this city, which was destroyed, should
in nine years create the most beautiful
spectacle of the entire world.
Now let us go back for a moment and
remember what our vaunted progress
of this modern World means. All the
evolution of the past sixty or seventy
years, perhaps, finds its beginning in
the cause we represent here. We pride
ourselves on our great new ideas, on
our comprehension of brotherhood, on
our governmental reform, on our in-
sistence upon the equality of men and
women. And we believe that these are
western ideas. We look back to the
East and say: "What have you done,
sleeping in your dreams of the- past'?
Why will you not learn from us'? Take
our energy and transform yourselves."
Yet, long ago, in 1844, when there was
no movement of brotherhood in the
world, when there was no suggestion
anywhere of the equality of men and
Women, before any one thought of the
suffrage movement, a young Persian
gentleman by the name of Ali Moham-
med began to speak in the city of
Shiraz--think of it all the dark-
ness of Mohammedan prejudice, to peo-
ple who declared that there was only
one true religion, that there had never
been but one prophet of God, and that
he was Mohammed. And what did Ali
Mohammed say to these people? He
said to them: "The world is one. We
are at the dawn of a new day. In this
day we are to recognize that there is
but one religion; that all the religions
of the world have sprung from the
same source; that in this day we shall
receive a divine revelation that will
create a new civilization; that in this
day we are to recognize that woman,
who has been enslaved for centuries, is
the equal of man; that the women must
come out of their seclusion; that our
oriental world, which has imprisoned
women, has committed a crime; that
the Women of Shiraz and every other
city of the world must walk the streets
unveiled and be endowed with all the
rights and privileges that the men en-
joy." Think of it! Do you wonder
that they persecuted him"! Do you
wonder that they could not understand
him? When you follow his astonishing
career and consider the Bab 's preach-
ing, when you remember his youth, you
will say to yourself, "How could he
dare do it?"
Ali Mohammed, the Bab, was but
twenty-five years of age when he com-
menced his mission. In those days there
was no wireless, no telegraphic system,
there were no steam cars, and yet in
the short six years of his ministry, his
movement, his words, went from one
end of Persia to the other, and before
his execution the soil of Persia was
drenched with the blood of people who
had accepted his message of progress,
and been martyred for the truth they
professed.

