136 STAR OF
Regarding the building o-f the Temple
in Chicago, both of you display the ut-
most effort, that is, effort in encouraging
and inspiring the believers and the maid-
servants of God, so that they may assist
in the matter With generosity and thus
very soon this Temple will b-e erected.
This matter is of great importance (ut-
most importance).
[In Abdul-Baha"s own handwriting]
In Ishkabad, the believers of God made
the erection of the Temple conducive to
affinity and unity, so that it really be-
came the cause of oneness of the Word.
Ye also make the erection of the Tem-
ple in America conducive to the unity
and oneness of the believers, of the maid-
servants and servants of the Merciful, so
that, in one thought, one aim, they en-
gage themselves in the building of the
Temple.
[Translated July, 1908.]
I am hopeful by divine bounty and
grace that the beloved ones of God may
be confirmed in the building of the Mash-
rak-el-Azkar and all its accessories-, for
the Mashrak-el-Azkar has important ac-
cessories which are accounted of the basic
foundations. These for
orphan children, hospital and dispen-
sary for the poor, place for the inca.pa-
ble home for the cripple), col-
lege for the higher scientific education.
The meaning is this, that, in every place,
First a Mashrak-el-Azkar must be
founded;
Then a School for the Education of
orphan children and the poor;
Then the Hospital and Medical Dis-
pensary must be founded;
Then the Home of the Cripple;
Then the College of Higher Scientific
Education.
In every city a great Mashrak-cl-Azkar
must be founded after this order. Now
We hope the Mashrak-el-Azkar may be
founded in Chicago. Aft-er its founda-
tion, the important accessories may grad-
ually be founded.
[Translated November 25, 1908.]
THE WEST
Some of the souls are not aware of the
importance of the Mashrak-el-Azkar.
They think and say: The other nations
have hundreds of thousands of temples,
the Christians having as many as a mil-
lion temples of the greatest structural
importance. What result have they
yielded, that now this one Mashrak-el-
Azkar is said to cause the manifestation
of signs and prove a source of light!
One million churches have not yielded
any fruit. What is the one Mashrak-el-
Azkar going to do? . . .
Furthermore, today, the establishment
of the Mashrak-el-Azkar is of paramount
importance, but hereafter it shall no-t be
so. This is the beginning of organiza-
tion. It is like unto the first church
founded in Christianity. It is an ex-
pression of the elevation of the Word of
God. When the Mashrak-el-Azkar was
erected in Ishkabad, its influence was
felt in all the oriental countries". Who-
soever heard of it commenced an inves-
tigation of the Cause. Now the M.ashr-ak-
el-Azkar of Ishkabad, like an evident
banner waves in the world. And, if, in
Chicago, the Mashrak-el-Azkar is estab-
lished, even as in Ishkabad, then you will
see What the recognition of the Cause
will do. Particularly, the arrangement
of the Mashrak-el-Azkar is such, that it
will exert the greatest effect upon the
civilized worldi, for it has many accesso-
ries. Among them are the following:
A school for orphans, a college for
higher scientific education (or higher
knowledge), a hospital, a ho-me for crip-
ples, a hospice.
\/Vhen the Mashrak--el-Azkar, with its
accesso-ries, is established in the world,
aside from its religious or spiritual in-
fluence, it will have a tremendous effect
upon civilization Besides the religion-
ists who will feel its influence, material-
ists will no-t be exempt therefrom. More-
over it contains divine wisdoms, spirit-
ual effects upon the intellects and
thoughts. Subsequent to its erection
these will become evident.
[Table talk given in Akka, February, 1909.]

