14-8 STAR- OF
He founded the oneness of humanity in
Persia. He established amity among, the
various peoples of different religions,
denominations, sects and cults by rescu-
ing them fro-m the fetters of past imita-
tions and superstitions, and led them to
the very foundation of the divine re-
ligions. And, from this foundation,
shines forth the radiance of spirituality,
which is unity, the love of God, the
knowledge of God, praiseworthy morals
and the virtues of the human world.
Baha'o'llah again renewed thes:e
principles:, just as the coming of the
spring refreshes the earth and confers
new life upon all phenomenal beings.
F'or the freshness of the former spring-
time had waned, its vivification had
ceased, the life-giving breezes were no
longer wafting their fragrance; winter
and the season of darkness had come.
His holiness Baha'o'llah came to re-
new the life of the world with this new
and divine springtime, which has pitched
its tent in the countries of the orient
in the utmost power and glory. It has
refreshed the world of the orient and
there is no doubt that, if the world of
the occident should abandon dogmas of
the past, turn away from empty imita-
tions and superstitions, investigate the
reality of the divine religions, holding
fast to the example of His holiness
Jesus Christ, acting in accordance with
the teachings of God and becoming uni-
fied with the orient, an eternal happi-
ness wo-uld be thereby attained.
In the western world, material civili-
zation has attained the highest point of
development, but the divine civilization
was founded in the orient. 'Now the
orient must acquire material civilization
from the occident and the occident must
acquire spiritual civilization from the
orient. This will establish a mutual
bond. 'When the east and west shall
come together, the world of humanity
will present a glorious aspect and extra-
ordinary progress will be achieved. This
is clear and evident; there is no proof
THE WEST
needed. The status of material civiliza-
tion in the occident cannot be denied,
nor can any one deny the confirmation
of the spiritual civilizations of the
orient, for all the divine foundations of
civilization have appeared in the east.
This, too, is clear and evident. There-
fore you must strive to assist the orient
in order that it may acquire material
progress. Likewise, the orient must pro-
mulgate the principles of spiritual civili-
zation in the occident. By the comming-
ling of these two civilizations, the world
of humanity will attain the highest bond
of prosperity and progress. Material
civilization alone is not sufficient and will
not prove productive. The physical hap-
piness 0-f material conditions was alloted
to the animal. Consider how the animal.
has reached the utmost degree of phy-
sical felicity. For example, a bird
perches upon the loftiest branch and
builds there its nest in the utmost beauty
and skill. All the grains and seeds of
the meadows are its wealth and food;
all the fresh water of mountain springs
and rivers of the plain are for its enjoy-
ment. Truly, this is the acme of material
happiness, to which even a human
creature cannot attain. This is the honor
of the animal kingdom. But the honor
of the human kingdom is the attainment
of spiritual happiness in the human
World, the acquisition of the knowledge
and love of God. The honor alloted to
man is the acquisition of the supreme
virtues of the human world. This is his
real happiness and felicity. But, if ma-
terial happiness and spiritual felicity be
conjoined, it will be "delight upon de-
light"--as the Arab-s say. And now we
pray that God will unite the east and
the west in order that these two civiliza-
tions shall be exchanged and mutually
enjoyed. I am sure it will come to- pass
for this is the radiant century. This
is an age for the outpouring of divine
mercy upon the exigency of this new
century,--the,unity of the east and the
west. It will surely be accomplished.

