STAR OF THE 123
and the varying needs 0-f mankind. Each
succeeding prophet has abrogated the ex-
isting material law and substituted teach-
ings applicable to the (then present)
nece-ssit-ies>> of man. This, however, is the
practical, the non-essential, the transitory
side of religion. -
Let us consider for a moment this sec-
ond pa.rt of the Word of God with a keen
sight, for it is the misunderstanding of
the purpose of these teachings of God
that has caused the establishment of
many different faiths in the World. For
example, in the time of Noah certain re-
quirements demanded that sea.-foods be
allowed. In Abraham 's dispensation
camel 's flesh was a food for man, but in
acob-'s epoch it was unlawful. After
Christ, four disciples, including Peter
and Paul, permitted the eating of animal
food forbidden by the Bible, "with the
exception 0-f those animals which had
been strangled, 0-r which Were sacrificed
to idols, and of blood." (Acts 15:20.)
Later Paul p-ermitted the eating of such
animals.
During the time of Adam it was per-
missible for man to marry his sister, and
Abel, Cain and Seth took unto wife their
own sisters-. In the Abra.hamic cycle a
certain expedient made it permissible for
man to marry his aunt, as Sarah was the
sister o-f Abraham's mother; but when
Moses came and established the law of
the T'orah these material ordinances were
abrogated -and changed. Later Christ
came and broke the Sabbath and forbade
divorce. When Moses came to the world
there were no houses of correction, no
forms of punishment and because of the
lawless co-ndition of the people the law
of God had to be strict and direct. There-
fore Moses said that an was to be
ta-ken for an -eye, and a tooth for a tooth.
He laid down ten commandments for
dealing with the murderer. If a man
robbed to the extent of one dollar, his
hand was cut off. It is not permitted in
our advanced civilization to carry out
these commands, It is indeed impossi-
ble even the law of capital punishment
has become a mooted question. But
when Jesus came he abrogated the law
of Moses and substituted the law of love:
If the right cheek was smitten, then
turn the left also. Now in this day
Baha'o'llah has said: "If you be slain
for God's good pleasure, verily it is bet-
ter for you than that ye should slay."
Again the tribes that Mohammed came
to were in the lowest stages of savagery
and debasement. It w-as one of their cus-
tomes to bury their own daughters alive.
A man was permitted to take a thousand
women as his property and nearly every
husb-a11d had at least ten wives. It was a
custom that when such a husband died
his sons took possession o-f each other's
mothers. If a son threw his mantle over
his father 's wife and said, "This woman
is my lawful property, immediately she
became his slave and chattel. In all fair-
ness one may ask, was not Mol1>>ammed's
law curbing this barbaric state of affairs
and making it unlawful for man to have
mo-re than four wives an advance over
the existing condition? And now in our
present day, Abdul-Baha has abrogated
this law of Mohammed by forbidding
polygamy. In a word these seeming dif-
ferences are merely alterations demanded
by the growth and a.dvancement of man-
kind. Time changes and when time
changes, the laws must change. There-
fore, it is impossible for us to compare
the time of Moses to that of Christ be-
cause the condition of the world has
greatly altered.
The existence of the world may be com-
pared to the physical being or health of
man, and the prophets of God to skillful
physicians. It is impossible for the hu-
man body to remain in one state of
health, and different diseases occur,
which require different remedies. The
Divine Wisidom requires that for every
change of c-ondttition there will be a
change of commands and when diseases
change, the-re will be a change of treat-
ment. For example, the patient may be
in the throes of a raging fever and the
docto-r will administer a cooling remedy,
(Continued on page 126)

