I-IE city of San Francisco was adorned with the lights of
I the beauty of Abha during the Week of April 19-25. The
brilliant points of manifestation Were the First International
Bahai Congress and the Convention of the Bahai Temple
Unity. \lVhile the city With bands and parades Was celebrating the
ninth anniversary of the fire and earthquake, and the Wonderful
recovery that had been made, the Bahais were engaged in kindling
a confiagration of love that, God Willing, will encircle the Wl1Ol6
World.
As Abdul-Baha Was leaving America, after having been here
nine months, he said to some of the assembled friends, "In two
years the results of my visit Will become apparent." The brilliant
gatherings held in San Francisco were a clear a11d evident proof
of the fulfillment of that prophetic utterance, for the firmness, unity
and love of the faithful souls made possible these powerful illumined
meetings. Verily this was a bounty from God.
Each day the light of love burned more brilliantly and the
divine enthusiasm increased. Though outer communication was cut
off With Abdul-Baha because of the War, the inner communication
was evident and manifest, and reached its conscious height when
in the convention all united in sending to Abdul-Baha a "spiritual
Wireless" message, since We could not send the cable that each
convention in the past had sent.
This convention was one of mighty accomplishment, because
it joined the most Wonderful spiritual inspirations with practical
plans for moving forward. The souls were enthralled with the love
of the divine Beloved and this Was expressed in the ambition to
begin at once-, With the utmost activity, the Work in the World that
God has entrusted to us.
The consciousness that the great War, which is affecting the
Whole World, Was in progress, made all realize the fact that the
World in anguish is calling for the healing remedy; and that none
can give this save the souls. Whose cups have been filled With the
Water of reality (life) from the fountain-head of revelation.
_-Harlan F. Ohm".
VVith this inspiring Word of introduction by Mr. Ober, Who
has Written at length concerning the convention Work, We begin
in this issue of the STAR or THE the addresses delivered at
the culminating event of the Congress, the ofiicial reception ten-
dered by the Directorate of the Panama-Pacific International Expo-
sition to the International Bahai Congress, in Festival Hall, on the
Exposition grounds, Saturday, April 24, at 10 a. m.
_The ditors.

