STAR OF THE 87
one sea'; 'Great glory is not his who
loves his country, but rather his who
loves his kind.'
"America is therefore the field in
which the seeds of the World religion
are given opportunity to germinate,
and which will extend to the peoples
of all climes the bounties of the religion
of humanity. May we not, therefore,
look upon America as the nation which
is specially chosen by the Almighty to
assist in ma.n's progress upward and
to bless humanity with the fruits of
universal 
Tablet from Abdul-Baha
(Continued from page eighty-three)
the breaths of the holy spirit, and in
accordance with the heavenly teachings
ye become regiments of universal peace,
breaking asunder the armies of war and
strife through the power and teachings
of his holiness Baha'o'llah, and thus
raise the standard of unity, of friend-
ship and of love in the World of hu-
manity_
The Americans are distinguished from
the Europeans in this noble ideal, viz.:
universal peace, and it is proper that
they glory before all natio-11s. His honor
Mr. 'William Jennings Bryan, the Secre-
tary of State of the United States of
America, especially, has in reality stood
by the promulgation of universal peace
with the utmost effort; and because in
this matter he is striving exactly in ac-
cordance With the teachings of his holi-
ness Baha'o'llah, he is self-sacrificing.
My hope is that he will become a candle
of the Convention for Universal Peace
and shine forth like unto the morning
star from the horizon of the oneness o-f
the World of humanity.
It may come to pass that some cor-
rupted souls shall come to America
Working to bring about the wavering of
your hearts; but ye must be firm like
unto a mountain in faith and the Cov-
enant, and be not shaken by the blowing
of contrary Winds.
Upon ye be Baha-e1-Aloha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA 
Translated October 14, 1914, Mt. Carmel,
Haifa, Syria.
Letter from Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
Mount Carmel, Haifa, Syria,
September 4, 1915.
Albert H. Hall,
Minneapolis, Minn.
My dear brother in the Kingdom of
God!
Days and months succeed each other
and We do not have any news from
those friends, neither have We been
able to correspond With you. Because
We could not Write nor did We receive
your letters our spiritual loss and
deprivation has been great and meas-
ureless. How much more Wonderful
it would have been were the ties of
our relation not broken, the light of
friendship not extinguished, the stars
of our hope not set, the river of amity
not dried, the breezes of devotion not
hushed and the palaces of mutual help-
fulness not destroyed! Instead of sow-
ing the seeds of love, we have sown
the seeds of hatred. Instead of culti-
vating the flowers of brotherhood, We
have nurtured the thorns of strange-
ness. lnstead of shining with the light
of joy and happiness, We have sur-
rounded ourselves with the darkness of
grief and despair. Instead of teaching
and practicing the laws of life, We are

