STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second--class matter April 9, 1911, at the post oflicc at Chicago. Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
I
Ediforialslaf} ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Note-Until further notice, distribution in the Orient is through Agents.
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill" U, 5. A.
To personal checks please add sufficient to cover the banlt exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS cop! 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
A . Alth for the resent th subscribers are limited,
Bahais Wl1lCl'1 1S organized 1n the country of merica oug 
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanitY- Yet H0011 
firmness! (Signed) ABDLU.-BAI-IA Anms.
Vol.  Sharaf 1, 71 (December No. 16
Letters from Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
Mt. Carmel, I-Iaifa, Syria,
Sept. 18, 1915..
Kate C. Ives, Oldacre, Eliot, Maine.
My dear spiritual sister in the love of
God!
Yesterday a letter was received from
Teheran giving the sad and painful story
of the recent troubles against our friends
in different cities; the pillaging of their
properties to the extent of $60,000; their
dispersion through the mountains and
deserts and the of a number
of spiritual teacher's. This harrowing
news saddened the heart of Abdul-Baha.
For a long time his grief Was so great
and overwhelming that he did not open
his mouth. After so many months of
complete silence and lack of correspond-
ence, this Was, then, the news from the
headquarizors of the Cause, this was the
manner in Which the followers of light
Were treated by the people of darkness!
He read the letter twice and pondered
long over its contents. Continuing his
Walk, for on hour he spoke With unusual
animation and earnestness and gave
vent to his utmost feelings and thoughts.
Like into a tumultuous Waterfall the
words fell from his lips with thunderous
tones. It would fill many pages should
I attempt to give you a trans-lation of his
discourse, but I must acknowledge that
it was a Wonderful, spontaneous outburst
of the spirit that could not be produced
under the usual standard o-f social and
religious emotions!
HOW true it is that this is the year of
universal tests and 0-rdeals for all man-
kind! None are except-ed. Everyone is
suffering, men and Women, old and
young, rich and poor. God; is pouring
the vial of His Wrath upon all His chil-
dren. Their n-egligence has reached to
such a degree that they have forgo-tten
not only the precepts of their Creator,
but the Creator Himself. They have set
aside His laws and statutes and are Walk-
ing in the path of desire and self. They
are not thinking of the consequences of
their own deeds and are submerged in
the sea of self-adoration. Without any
valid reason they shed the blood of their
own brothers, pillage their properties, set
on fire their homes and scatter them to
the four corners of the earth. How all-
embracing are the teachings of the
Blessed Perfection (Baha'o'llah): "Ye
are the fruits of one tree and the leaves
of one branch l"

