STAR or THE WEST 119
which the inhabitants of all the world
shall enter unde-r the tent of the Word of
God. This is th.e day whose real sovereign
is: I-Iis Highness-, The Almighty. This
is the day when the east and the west
shall embrace each other like unto two
lo-vers. This is the day in which war
and co~ntention shall b-e- fo-rgotten. This
is the day in which nations and gov-
ernments Will enter into- an eternal bond
of amity a.nd c-one-iliatio-n. This century
is the fulfillment of the Promised Cen-
tury." 
The east shall become illumined, the
west perfumed and the children of men
shall enter beneath 'the all-embracing
canopy of the oneness: of the world of
humanity.
Indeed all the prophecies of the past
ha.ve been fulfilled by this call, which
has gone out to- the world from the
prison city of Acca. In speaking of
this. time-, Hosea (2:15) s=aid: "And I
will give the valley of Acca for a door
of hope." Solomon (Ecol. 4:14) said:
"For out 0-f priso-n he come-th to- reign."
Mic=ah (7:12) spoke: "In that day, he
shall come to th.ee from Assyria. Isaiah
(35 that: "Carmel and Sharon they
shall see the glory of the Lord"; and
Christ (Matt. 24): "For as the light-
ning cometh out of the east and shineth
even to the West, so shall the coming of
the son of man be." Again there are
many utterances of the prophet Moham-
med regarding Acca. He said to one of
his followers, Ebne Masond: "The grea.t-
est of all sea-coiasts in the sight of God is
A-scalon, but Acca. is great-er than Asca-
lon; the greatness of Acca. to- Ascalon
and all other sea-coasts can be compared
with the greatness of Mohammed to all
other prophets. Be mindful of what I
sa.y unto you oo-nee-rning a city which
lies between two mountains (Carmel and
Lebanon) in Palestine in the midst o-f
a plain which is called Acc=a.." To Ons,
another follower, M.ohammed said: 
inform you about a city on the coast of
the white sea. (the Mediterranean) which
is called Acca; anyone who remains there
seven days, God will regard him as the
associate of Elijah and God will redeem
him from the gnashing of teeth in the
day of resurrection." Again, "Blessed
is the one who has visited Acca and
blessed is the one who has seen the vis-
itor of Acca," and many other similar
utterances.
These three divine men (the Bab,
Bal1a'o'1lah and Abdul-Baha) have not
only fulfilled the spiritual prophecies of
all the former religions, but they have
manifested by their words and deeds all
the true qualities and requisites neces-
sary to the divine and perfect educator.
The Bab, a. young merchant, untrained
and unsc-hooled, was able, at the age of
twenty-five, to confound the most erudite
doctors of the religion of Islam. Alone,
he was able to withstand all the great
men of religion and state who arose to ex-
terminate his life a11d teachings, and he
produced a great change in the corrupt
morals, thoughts and customs of Persia.
At that time, when the persecution", pil-
la.ge and massacre of the Bab's followers
was at its height, Baha'o'llah arose to
promulgate his teachings. Although a
person 0-f noble birth, he had never stud-
ied in any school nor associated with the
learned men of religion, yet he mani-
fested such knowledge and perfection
that all the people of Persia marvelled
at his Wisdom while his enemies spoke
of him as "the renowned Baha'o'llah."
He Was exiled four times and for fifty
years he was. exposed to the gravest clan-
gers and persecutio-ns, yet in that de-
cadent and declined civilization of Per-
sia, he advanced teachings and ideals
that were unheard or unthought of even
in o-ur western civilization. He pro-
claimed: The oneness of the world of
humanity; the investigation of truth so
that no one should blindly follow the be-
liefs. and superstitions o-f his forefath-
ers; the oneness of God and the one-
ness o-f all religions; that the purpose of
religion is the creation of unity, har-
mony and accord amongst men and if it
fails in this, irreligion is better than re-
ligion; the a.greement of religion and sci-
ence, for that which is not in accord with

