144- STAR OF
VVEST
Addresses of Abdul-Baha in America
upon the Mashrak-el-Azkar
Annaass or ABDUL-BAHA AT PUBLIC
MEETING CONCLUDING TEE BAHAI
TEMPLE UNITY CONVENTION, DRILL
HALL, MASONIG TEMPLE, CHICAGO,
TUESDAY, APRIL 30, 1912.
or TI-IE V01. No. 
MONG the institutes of the Holy
A Books is. tha.t of the foundation
of Holy Edifices. That is to say,
an edifice is to- be built in order that
humanity may find therein a place of
meeting, and this is to be conducive
to unity and fellowship amongst them.
The real Temple is the very Law of
God, for to that all humanity must
resort, and that is the center of unity
for all mankind. That is the collec-
tive Center. That is the cause of
accord and unity of the hearts. That is
the cause of solidarity of the human
race. That is the source of the life eter-
nal. Temples are the symbols of that
uniting force, in ordetr that, when the
people gather there, in a given edifice of
God, in the ho-use and Temple of God,
they may recall the fact, that the law has
been revealed for them and that that law
is to unite them; that, just as this edifice
was founded for the unification of man-
kind, the law preceding and creating this
Temple was issued therefor. . . . .
In brief, the purpose of places of wor-
ship and edifices for adoration is simply
that of unity, in order that various na-
tions, divergent races, varying souls may
gather there and among them amity, love
and accord may be realized. The origi-
nal purpose is this. That is Why His
holiness B-aha 'o '1lah has commanded
that a place be built for all the religion-
ists of the World; that all religions and
races and sects may gather together; that
the oneness of the human world may be
pro-claimed: that all the human race are
the servants of God, and that all are sub-
merged in the ocean of God's mercy.
The World of existence may be likened
to this place. It is the Mashrak-el-Azkar.
Just as the external wo-rld is a place
Where various peoples of different hues
and colors, of various: faiths and denomi-
nations, meet; just as they are submerged
in the same Sea of favors, likewise all
may meet under the do-me of the Mash-
rak-el-Azkar and adore the one God in
the same spirit of truth, for the ages of
darkness have passed away and the cent-
ury of light has arrived. The imaginary
prejudices are in the process of disper-
sion and the Light of unity is shining.
The difference which exists among the
nations and the peoples is soon to pass
away, and the fundamentals of the di-
vine religions, which are no other than
the solidarity a.nd the oneness of the hu-
man race, are to be established. For
six thousand years the human race has
been at war. It is enough! No-w let
them, for a time at least, consort in
amity. They entertained enmity former-
ly. Let them fo-r a period exercise love.
For six thousand years have they negated
each other, each nation considering the
other as infidel. It is -sufficient! We
must all know that We are the servants
of one God; that we are turning to one
God; that We have one kind Father;
that we have one divine Law; that we
have one reality; that we have one de-
sire. Thus may we live together in the
utmost of amity and love. And, for this
love, for this amity, the favors and boun-
ties of God shall surround us; the world
of humanity will be reformed; human-
kind Will find a new life, eternal light
shall shine; merciful and heavenly morals
shall become manifested. The divine

