STAR OF THE 143
orphans and university for the study of
higher sciences.
Every Temple is connected with these
five things. I hope that now in America
they will build a Temple and gradually
add to it the hospital, school, university,
pharmacy and pilgrim 's house, with the
utmost efficiency and thoroughness. You
must make the believers understand these
details, so that they may realize how im-
portant the Temple is. The Temple is
not only a place for worship: nay, it is
perfect in every way.
[Translated 1910.]
Your detailed letter was perused, and
from its contents it became evident that
the debt of the land of Mashrak-el-
Azkar is clear. This news made the
hearts happy and caused infinite rejoic-
mg.
Now, it is hoped that the believers of
God may show magnanimity and raise a
great sum for the building so that the
foundation of the Mashrak-el-Azkar may
be laid, and, perchance, God willing, the
corner stone of the foundation may be
la-id by the hands of Abdul-Baha.
This confirmation will descend upon
the people of America, if they will arise
and endeavor with great courage to estab-
lish union and harmony, so that every
trace 0-f difference may be uprooted and
they may all become as one heart and
one soul.
Convey the wonderful Abha greeting
to all the friends and the maid-servants
of the Merciful.
[Translated March 4, 1911.]
You have Written that a sum of money
is raised to be contributed toward the
Mashrak-el-Azkar. Ask ye of Go-d that
the American believers may become as-
sisted in the building of this great Tem-
March 4, 1911.]
If the believers o-f God' in New York
and other critics of America establish, in
a befitting manner, union and harmony
with spirit, tongue, heart and body, sud-
denly they shall find Abdul-Baha in their
midst. Unless this union is brought
about, the breath of the Holy Spirit shall
not have any effect, for the physical
body must find capacity, so that the life
of the spirit may breathe through it. If
the Beloved of the union of the friends
and the harmony of the believers become
manifest, the east and west of America
shall be perfumed through the sweet fra-
grance of the Paradise of Abha, the
Mashrak-el-Azkar shall be constructed,
the outpouring of the Sun of Reality
shall descend, the everlasting glory of the
friends of God shall become apparent and
the heavenly life be attained.
[Translated April 28, 1911.]
Today, in America, no matter is greater
for the elevation of the Word of God
than the Mashrak-el-Azkar. Surely, give
it the utmost imp0rtanc:e. I am always
waiting that a good report regarding the
Mashrak-el-Azkar should come.
In most of the cities of Persia, even
in some villages, a Mashrak-el-Azkar has
been founded.
the beloved in America must make
effort to establish one Mashrak-el-Azkar.
[Translated June 1, 1911.]
The question of Mashrak-el-Azkar is
very important and is superior to every
matter; surely put forth utmost effort
for it.
[Translated June 1, 1911.]
Know thou that the building of the
Mashrak-el-Azkar is the greatest founda-
tion in, those regions. God said in the
Koran, "It is those who believed in God
and the Last Day shall build the Temple
of G-od."
It is incumbent upon thee and upon
all to put forth the best effort in these
days, in building this glorious Temple,
raising the tumult of commemoration
therein, during the wing of the night, at
dawn and at eventide. It is incumbent
upon you (men and women) to be united
in this great Cause, so that ye may be
confirmed by the divine bounty, and
merciful spirit; become increased with
energy and power; gain a recompense,
and estimation.
[Translated September 23, 1911.]

