330 STAR OF THE WEST
lions, and was day and night restless
and agitated, did not partake of the
divine bestowals save a little broth.
This Wealth was for him a vicissitude
and not the cause of comfort.
He invited me to his library and to
his home, that I might visit the former
and have dinner at his house. I went
to the library in order to look at the
Oriental books,.but did not go to his
house, and did not accept his invitation.
In short, he eagerly desired that I
should visit him in the library but
meanwhile important financial problems
arose which prevented him from being
present, and thus he was deprived of
this bounty. Now, had he not such an
excessive amount of wealth, he might
have been able to present himself.
As to the events that had been pre~
dicted~Praise be to God!--all of them
have come to pass, and all that had
been the explicit and irrefutable dec-
larations of His Holiness 
and had been incorporated in the ad~
dresses of Abdul-Baha in America and
Europe, all of them, word by word, have
been fulfilled. These explicit declara~
tions of His Holiness 
were revealed fifty years ago by the
Supreme Pen, and at present they have
been made evident and manifest.
At present, thou hast a lofty aspira-
tion, and hast the desire to engage in
every service. My hope is, that through
a heavenly power, and a Lordly in-
fluence, and by the assistance of the
Holy Spirit thou mayst be confirmed in
distinguished services--a service which
thou dost think advisable and its suc-
cess assured.
Thou hadst inquired that if a person
owned a piece of land and is not able
to develop it, and his revenues are less
than his expenditures, is it per-
missible that he sell a portion of that
land and mortgage it'! Undoubtedly,
it is permissible. Concerning the case
of profit-sharing by the employers
among the Workers, which thou hadst
written about, undoubtedly the Workers
must secure their daily salary, and in
addition, must have shares with the
employers so that they may engage with
the utmost effort in that Work. For ex-
ample, a capitalist has a thousand em-
ployees, he must give them a moderate
salary every day, that they may not
remain hungry and naked, and also as-
sign a definite share of the profit to the
Workers so that at the beginning of each
year it may be distributed among them,
that this may cause the workers to ex-
ert the utmost care and effort in their
job.
Embrace on my behalf thy sweet
children, and name the son Hossein, for
it is a portion of the name of the Blessed
Beauty, and call the daughter Zahrah.
The letter thou hast Written to the
Boston paper is highly pleasing and
favorable.
Upon thee be Baha-El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Aems.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Bahjeh, Acca, Palestine, July 22, 1919.)
To the STAR or THE Wnsr:
Should the STAR reproduce the photo>>
graph of Abdul-Baha with the group
that Edna and I are in, I very much
wish it might be stated that a feast to
about eighty-five Bahais from India,
Persia, Russia, Turkey, Egypt, Eng-
land and America, was given by Hossein
Rouhi of Cairo, Egypt, on Sunday,
November 9, 1919, on Mt. Carmel. The
long table Was spread in front of the
Tomb of the Bab and this picture was
taken at the side of the Tomb. Each
guest was presented with a photograph
by our most generous host, whom many
Americans will recall was in America
nineteen years ago with Hadji Hassan
Khorissani of Cairo, Egypt (now de-
ceased). Corinne True.

