STAR OF THE WEST Z35
into a rapacious animal, razes to the
ground flourishing cities and towns and
causes the foundation of mankind to
t-otter. As all men have been awakened
and are harkening to the call, it is time
for the promulgation of universal peace
peace which has for its basis right
and justice; so that mankind will not
be exposed to danger. At present it is
the dawn of universal peace, we hope
that its sun will soon shine and flood
the East and the West with its light.
The establishment of universal peace is
not possible save through the power of
the VVord of God and hence one must
endeavor to promote the "lord of God
and thereby establish universal peace.
Strive at present as much as possible to
raise the call of the divine Kingdom for
this call bestows the Spirit of Life. En-
deavor to raise the .c-all of the Covenant-
and the Testament for the power of the
Covenant, like unto arteries, pulsates i11
the body of the world!"
Thou hast mentioned a great number
of souls in thy letter. Verily each one
of them deserves a separate letter, par-
ticularly some Who, with all their power,
are serving the Kingdom of God, have
no purpose save the common weal and
no aim except the exercise of the utmost
love and kindness to each and all the
individuals of the World of humanity.
These souls, although they pertain to the
nether World, yet their souls belong to
the World of spirit; i. they have been
vivified by the breath of spiritual life.
Their hearts are the mirrors of the Sun
of Truth wherein this sun shines with
the utmost splendor. Convey on my be-
half to each of those souls the utmost
love and kindness and tell them that
day and night I entreat and supplicate
to the Kingdom of Glory with the ut-
most humility and lowliness and beg for
those souls heavenly confirmations.
Thou hadst written, concerning the
friends of Pittsburgh, that misunder-
standing has been caused among them.
Misunderstanding cannot be eliminated
by any power save that of the Covenant.
The power of the Covenant is all-inclus-
ive and solves all difficulties, for explicit-
ly and by the Supreme Pen it is declared
that whatever misunderstanding takes
place, ye must refer to the Center of the
Covenant for he eliminates all difficul-
ties. Therefore, no power will do away
with misunderstanding am ong the
friends except the Covenant and the
Testament of God. Encourage and
draw, therefore, all the friends to firm-
ness in the Covenant and the Testament.
His Holiness Christ said to Peter:
"Thou art a rock and upon this rock I
shall build my Temple." This is not
Written by the Supreme Pen of Christ
and does not manifestly command any-
one to turn his face to him and has not
been revealed and recorded in the book
of His Holiness Christ. It is only a
tradition transmitted by the Apostles.
This tradition, however, has exacted
obedience from all and has eliminated
all misunderstanding a t. 
Apostles and the Christians. At present
this is the B0071: of the Coveitant and
not a tradition and is revealed by the
Supreme Pen and not transmitted or-
ally. He explicitly declares that "ye
must turn after Me to the Center of the
Covenant and whatever misunderstand-
ing may happen he is its Expounder,
and whatever he says it is right." He
made it all-exclusive and this Tablet is
the last one which has been revealed by
the Supreme Pen before ascension. All
previous books are subordinate to this
Book of the Covenant for it has been
revealed subsequently to all the previous
ones. He has named it the "Book of
the Covenant" and, therefore, consider
that if the friends remain firm in the
Covenant, Will there be any misunder-
standing among them? No, by God!
Except those souls who have an evil in-
tention and are thinking of leadership
and of forming a party; those souls,
'although they have Written epistles with
their own pen and have execrated the
violators denouncing them as having
destroyed the foundation of the monu-

