l48 STAR OF THE IVEST
Such a religion must in the first place
be universal. It must unite all races in
one sublime Truth.
Secondly, it must Wipe out War, the
greatest handicap under which human-
ity now labors.
Thirdly, it must solve the vast prob-
lem of labor and capital, a problem
which lies at the very roots of human
progress and of joy upon earth. For
it must guide the habits and regulate
the lives of men in such a Way as to
enable all to exist in happiness, health,
and nearness to God. 
Last, a11d most important, and as a
means to all the foregoing, it must fill
the hearts of men with love for God and
love for humanity, so their faces shine
and the whole being is radiant of joy.
And all these things the true seeker
will find in the Bahai Movement. It
not only preaches universal brotherhood
and universal religion, but it demon-
strates these things in practice. It is
the only religious movement which has
united, in the thousands, Jews, Protest-
ants of every denomination, Catholics,
Mohammedans, Buddhists, Brahmins,
Zoroastrians and Gontueianists. It is
the only movement which amalgamates
men of every race and caste and joins
the orient and occident i11 loving part-
nership of progress. No other move-
ment has ever done Chris-
tianity has never spread east of its birth-
place; it became and has remained an
occidental religion.
As to War, the Bahai Movement con-
demns it as a crime against man and
God. Only one kind of War it permits,
a. War of justice, a War against War--but
the aim even of such a War is universal
based not upon politics
and selfish interests, but upon tolerance,
internationalism, justice--and a human-
itarianism that is not confined to na-
tionality. Only the power of a great
religion can perform this task of Weld-
ing together the hearts and lives of men
of every race. Christianity once did it;
Buddhism and 1\'Iohamn1edanism have
done it; and the Bahai Movement once
and for all Will do it in a lasting and
World-Wide Way.
The Bahai Movement is not an other-
an ascetic, or an esoteric relig-
ion. teachings are for all, and apply
to this life as Well as to the next. Its
aim is to make this lite happy, just and
perfect to establish on earth the King-
dom of heaven. It does not say to the
poor man, "Submit to your poverty and
degradation, for greater Will be your
glory in heaven." It says: "Poverty
is a social crime, It must not exist.
Every man has the right to secure Work
and by it the suiticient means to meet
his daily needs. There cannot continue
to exist the vast extremes of Wealth and
poverty."
To the capitalist it does 11ot say, "The
Church accepts your support. and con-
doncs your ill-gotten Wealth," but it
says: "Share your profits With your
workmen. Divide up your estates at
death so that the many and not the few
shall enjoy them." And the Bahai
laws will enforce, Where capitalism will
hesitate, the greater sharing of its prof-
its vvith labor, a wider distribution of
Wealth by bequest, and the abolition of
poverty.
Thus and thus only can material con-
ditions upon earth make possible a spir-
itualized humanity. For While all strive
madly after wealth and but a few attain
it, the hearts of men are too bitter to
listen to the voice of God. But the com-
bined rcsults of confiscatory taxation
beyond a certain income, and of spir-
itual love a11d humanitarianism on the
part of the rich, Will turn our great
achievers from greedful competition unto
deeds of more human value. And the
satisfaction of the daily needs and the
feeling of justice in the distribution of
Wealth will change the jealous attitude
of labor into one of co-operation and
happy industry. For every producer,
in the Bahai state, will receive not only
wages, but a share in his profits.
The Bahai Movement is the only re-

