 I
this case, if the opponents do not act similarly, or if arrogance is
shown by them, the person with insight (and humbleness) is in his
own sublime deed and has already received and will receive recom-
pense. The harm of the action of the opponents will return to
them. Likewise if a soul becomes arrogant this arrogance returns
to God--We take refuge in God from that!
people of comprehension! I declare by the Greatest Name
that it is a pity for you to consider incidental conditions. Arise
for the Cause of God and with one another affiliate in the utmost
love and sincerity, for the sake of the Face of the Beloved. Burn
the veils of self with the fire of oneness and with bright and cheer-
ful faces associate with one another. All of you have seen with
your own eyes the qualities of the Truth. never approved
that a single night should pass and any of the friends of God be
away from this Slave. The heart of the world is ablaze by the
Word of God. It is a pity that you do not become ablaze by this
fire. God willing, we are hopeful that this blessed night you may
call "The night of unity." Become united with one another and
adorned with the embroidery of goodness and praiseworthy con-
duct. Your efforts should be to guide a strayed, perishing soul
to the laws of eternity and among the creatures conduct yourselves
in such manner that the sign of Truth may become manifest in
you; for you are the first of existence, the first worshipers, the
first who bowed and the first to encircle the Holy Threshold, By
the one who caused me to utter that which He desired, your names
in the Supreme Kingdom are more famous than they are to you.
Do not think this utterance is imagination. I wish that you could
behold What your Lord, the Merciful, sees of the sublimity of your
condition, the greatness of your degrees and the supremacy of
your stations. We ask God that your desires may not prevent
you from that which was ordained for you. We are hopeful that
in the utmost harmony, love and friendship you may deal with
one another in such a manner that the banner of oneness may be
raised. Surpass ye one another in good afiairs and in showing
contentment.
His is the right to command! He doeth whatsoever He wisheth
and ruleth whomsoever He desireth, and verily He is the Powerful,
the Dear, the Mighty!
(Translated by Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi, Chicago, July 9, 1918.)
1 i 

