STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM 
thou STAR or THE Wssr!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America, Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, .thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena Will become vast and spacious and voice and fame will be raised
and become at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
ignea? ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE Wssr, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promul gator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the West they may become mformed of the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
STAR OF THE WEST FOUNDATION
Northeastern States: Hoornn Hamzrs.
Western States: HELEN S. GOODALL.
So-athern States: Jossrn: I-1. HANNEN, Dominion of Canada: MAY MAXWELL.
Central States: ALBERT VAIL, CARL SCI-IEFFLER.
Editorial tafl' ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD Somme
Vol. 10 Masheyat 1, (September 27, l919,) N0. ll
Diary letters of Shoghi Rabbani
Written to Mirza Ahmad Sohrab.
Haifa, Palestine.
February 8, 1919.
Dear Ahmad:
The Tablet revealed yesterday to one
of the tried and firm American friends
disclosed general and important ques-
tions related to the future development
of the Cause. I quote some of its lead-
ing passages:
thou firm in the Covenant! Your
letter dated November 23rd, 1918, Was
received. Its contents indicated your be-
ing engaged in the service of the Mash-
rekol-Azcar, that this universal edifice
may be erected. Indeed, you spare no
efl'ort in this respect and I entertain the
hope that this endeavor may grow day
by day. Deeds are like unto trees; for
to plant a shrub is no difficult matter
While the care necessary for its growth
and yielding fruit is hard and difficult.
So far, effort Was expended to lay the
foundation of the Temple, but now its
erection and completion is a difficult
matter and my hope is that the friends
of God may be therein assisted.
"The second question which is of
vital importance is that the friends of
God must strive With heart and soul to
promulgate heavenly teachings and
spread far and Wide the light of the
Kingdom. For the World of humanity
has acquired, as a result of this great
carnage, a great capacity for the propa-
gation of universal peace. Ears are
longing to hearken to the call of the
oneness of the world of humanity, to
universal reconciliation and to the re-
jection of ignorant prejudices.
"In fine, if all the friends of God e11-
gage in the promulgation of heavenly
teachings, the establishment of univer-
sal peace shall be a foregone conclusion.

