STAR OF THE PVEST 271
thee to be the herald of the Covenant
and the Testament and to be attracted
by t.he fragrances of the Merciful. The
meeting thou dost hold at thy house per-
tains to the Kingdom, for the Sun of
Reality shines therein. At the meeting
the memory of God is commemorated,
the hearts are turned to the divine King-
dom and the eyes are opened to witness
the signs of the Merciful. Continue to
hold this meeting and strive daily to
fortify its basis and to arrange its ses-
sions. My hope is that meeting may be-
come in that land the recipient of mer-
ciful susceptibilities and the cause of
the manifestation of divine illumination
and the training of human souls.
Upon thee be Baha-El-Abba!
(Signed) ABDUUBAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, Acca,
Palestine, Jul-ry '26, 1919.)
 
ROY WTILLIAMS
To his honor, Mr. Roy Williams, care of
his honor Mr. Hannen, Vllashington,
D. C.--Upon him be El-
Abba!
He Is God!
thou firm in the Covenant!
Three consecutive letters have been
received from thee. From their con-
tents it became known that in Cleveland
from the murky breaths of the Cove-
nant-breakers the hearts are afflicted
and among the friends harmony has de-
creased. Praise be to God! A hundred
times it has been foretold that the vio-
lators are lying in ambush and by a cer-
tain means desire to cause dissension
among the friends so that this dissen-
sion may end in violation of the Cove-
nant. Notwithstanding this Warning,
how is it that the friends have neglected
this explicit declaration?
The point at issue is firm, direct and
in the utmost brevity. Either His Holi-
ness was Wise, omniscient
and aware of consequences or was ig-
norant and a sinner. He entered by
His Supreme Pen into such a firm Gove-
nant and Testament with all the Bahais,
first with the Aghsans (branches), Af-
nans (twigs) and Muiitasebeens (rela-
tions) and commanded them to obey and
turn toward (him). By His supreme
pen, He has explicitly declared that the
object of the following verse of the
Ketab-cl-Akdas (the Book of Laws) is
the Greatest Branch:
"When the ocean of My Presence has
disappeared and the Book of Origin is
achieved to the end, turn your faces
toward him whom God hath purposed,
who hath branched from this Pre-Exist-
ent Root." Its meaning briefly is this:
That after my ascension, it is incum-
bent upon the Aghsans, the Afnans and
the Muntasebeens and all the friends
of God to turn their faces to him who
has branched from the Pre-Existent
Root.
He also plainly says in the 
Akdos (Book of Laws) ye people
of the world! V\Then the Dove flies
away from the orchard of praise to-
wards the Most Supreme and Invisible
Station refer in whatever ye do not
comprehend in the Book to him who has
been branched from this Pre-Exist-ent
Root." Addressing all the people of
the world, He says: Vlhen the Dove of
Holiness flies away from the orchard of
praise to the Most Supreme and Invisible
Station--that is, when the Blessed Beau-
ty turns away from the contingent world
towards the invisible Realn:1--whatever
ye do not understa.nd from the Book re-
fer it to him who has branched from
the Pre-Existent Root. That is, what-
ever he says that is the actual fact.
And in the Book of the He
explicitly says that the object of this
verse, "Who has branched from the
Root," is the Greatest
Branch. And He commands all the
Aghsans, Afnans, Muntasebeens and the
Bahais to turn toward him. Now either

