120 STAR OF THE IVEST
and the Mashrekol-Azkar is the great
outward symbol to humanity of this one-
ness of the world of humanity. Abdul-
Baha sent us word and he has Written
in his own handwriting that in Ishka-
bad, the believers of God made the erec-
tion of the temple conducive to affinity
and unity, so that it really became the
cause of the oneness of tl1e World. He
also makes the erection of the temple
in America conducive to the unity and
oneness of the believers, of the maid-
servants and servants of the Merciful,
so that in one thought, one aim, they en-
gage themselves in the building of the
temple.
The Work of this mysterious force
of civilization brought to us by the Man-
ifestation of this age, is to establish
upon the earth a divine civilization.
Vile have been living under the material
civilization, but the day has come when
the divine civilization must be estab-
lished~--the spiritual brotherhood of
man. The reason we have wars and
strife is because the people are not serv-
ing one aim, one purpose. Each one
has his own thought, his own self-interest
--eaeh person, each this
leads to separation and division We will
always have Wars until some great power
comes into the and inspires and
fills us with one great aim and one great
purpose and We sacrifice our lesser aims
to this great, this enormous aim; so
that We forget our individual interests
and the interest of all becomes our
interest.
The great Mashrekol-Azkar sta.nds for
that sacrifice of self, that sacrifice of the
personal, so that we may come into this
knowledge of the oneness of humanity.
W'e must find out that we are a part
of this one great body of humanity and
the Working for the Mashrekol-Azkar
will bring humanity into this knowledge.
Abdul-Baha sent Tablets to the orient as
Well as to the occident, and encouraged
the believers all over the world to arise
and take part in the contributions for
this tremendous Work. He said that
every soul in the orient, Whether he
was rich or poor, should give some-
thing. received letters telling
how they would go out and sell a little
article of clothing, perhaps a tin pan
from the kitchen, because they had not
the ready money to send us. One of the
most touching contributions we have
had for the Mashrekol-Azkar came dur-
ing this last year from India. The dif-
ferent assemblies of India collected a
contribution for the Mashrekol-Azkar
and sent it in a lump sum in September
and a letter from one of the prominent
believers in India itemizes What each
assembly had sent. In 1910, when Mr.
Reiney and Mr. I-Ioward Struven made
their Wonderful trip around the World
and visited India, We had a most inter-
esting letter published about the jungle-
men of India, how perfectly Wonderful
was their hospitality. That letter was
printed in the little Baha-i News, the be-
ginning of the STAR or THE It
would really do you good to read that
letter and see the fire and spirit that
was among' those junglemen when they
received Mr. Reiney and Mr. Struven.
When Miss Martha Root Was in India,
she was to have visited that assembly
but could not do it, and one of the
believers, I think, made three hundred
buttons with the face of Miss Root on
it, and sent them up to the junglemen
in order that they might all have a visit
from Miss Root. Well, those junglemen
have sent a contribution to the Mashre-
kol-Azkar, and the same spirit came
with that contribution of the junglemen
that comes from the men and women
from the centers of civilization and
cultivation, from Paris, or London or
New York, or any other part of the
World; the one spirit, the one fire, of the
love of God, emanates from the letters
which bring these contributions to the
Mashrekol-Azkar.
When such a dynamic force as that is
working in the World, surely great
changes are imminent. It cannot help
but make great changes. From all the

