STAR OF THE WEST 87
my identity, the sea of my bounty, the
heaven of my will, the lamp of my guid-
ance, the path of my justice, the stand-
ard of my laws. Whoever hath turned
to him hath turned to me." So if we
want now to know that mysterious force
which is the source of life and power,
we must turn with severed hearts to
the Center of the Covenant of God. This
is the dawning-place of righteousness
and peace. This is the mystery of God
which is the mystery of divine love.
Love is the cause of the creation of all
the beings. It is the power of unity in
all the universe of God. Through His
love for His creatures, through His will
to be known, God created man. We can
only realize the divine image and like-
ness as we draw near to God in loving,
sacrificial service to our fellow beings.
Thus the limitations of man depart, and
his horizon is widened. The distinctions
of race and creed and religion no longer
exist and the oneness of creation re-
fleets the oneness of God. But such a
vision is impossible without the bounty
of the Holy Spirit. Through this ideal
gift man is enabled to look over the
created universe, as Abdul-Baha says,
with "the glorified vision of a seer
and a prophet."
One way to become receptive to this
heavenly visitation, which no one of
the creatures can of himself merit, is to
carry this message of unity to the people
of the earth. God Wills to be known,
and happy are those souls who respond
to the desire of God! The divine Mes-
sage creates human unity, ideal brother-
hood, heavenly harmony and universal
peace. It is also necessary to humble
ourselves before the True One, know-
ing well that His ways are not our
ways and His thoughts are not our
thoughts. Whenever a Messenger of God
appeared in past cycles and ages, those
who drew near to him with a desire for
knowledge and in a spirit of loving ser-
vice and humble submission, found their
stations exalted by that Supreme Power
and Manifest Light. It is even so to-
day. The God whose manifest Word
and Holy Spirit create us is not a God
of poverty or of limitations. He is the
Lord of wealth, of affluence, of inex-
haustible power. He does not create
us poor. He creates us rich. He de-
sires that we shall be wealthy through
the divine afiluence. He wills us to be
strong through the divine strength; to
be wise through the divine knowledge;
to be illumined through the divine radi-
ance. Shall not our minds and hearts
expand and grow through the great
spiritual bounty which is the life of all
the beings"?
There are those who seem to rest
contentedly in the thought that there is
nothing new under the sun. There are
others who in their desire for the ex-
pansion of the soul and the ideal free-
dom, are ever striving for something
new. The savage may look upon the
sun and find satisfaction in the thought
that it is the same that shone upon his
forefathers and ancestors for many gen-
erations. He has the same light and
warmth and wants nothing more. But
how different it is with the scientist, who
regards the same sun! Although he
cannot know the essence of that sun, yet
one by one he discovers more of its quali-
ties and attributes. He invents the
solar spectrum and with its aid discovers
the identity of the elements of the sun
and of this earth, although the propor-
tion and composition of these elements
diifer in different worlds. He discovers
the sun spots, those great apertures
through which myriads of worlds might
pass. To the astonished vision of the
scientist is revealed the great coats of
the sun, the great spheres of radiance
and the sources of the light. He per-
ceives the great masses of radium which
are the dawning-places of its radiance
and illumination. As the poet says,
"That which is, is but earnest of the
things which are to be."
Who knows but that in the future,
(Continued on page 90)

