STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall he strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 10 Elm 1, 75 (October 16, 1919) No. 12
Unveiling of the Divine Plan for the Dominion of Canada
Tablet* of ABDUL-BAHA read at the Fifth Session of the Eleventh Annual
Mashrekol-Azkar Convention and Bahai Congress, held in McAlphin Hotel,
New York City, April 26-30, 1919.
TABLET
To the believers of God and the maid-servants of the Merciful in the Dominion
of Canada, Newfoundland, Prince Edward Island, Nova Scotia, New Bruns-
wick, Quebec, Ontario, Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Alberta, British Columbia,
Yukon, Mackenzie, Keevateen, Ungava, Franklin Islands and Greenland--
Upon them be El-Abha!
He I God!
ye kind friends and the maid-servants of the Merciful!
In the great Koran, God says: "Thou shalt see no difference in the
creatures of God." In other He. says: From the ideal standpoint,
there is no variation between the creatures of God, because they are all
created by Him. From the above premise, a conclusion is drawn, that there
is even no difference between the various countries; nevertheless the future
of the Dominion of Canada is very great, and its historical events infinitely
glorious. Thus it shall become the object of the Glance of Providence and the
manifestation of the favors of the Supreme Lord.
Abdul-Baha during his journey and sojourn through that Dominion obtained
the utmost joy. Before my departure, many souls warned me not to travel to
Montreal, saying, the majority of the inhabitants are Catholics, and are in the
utmost fanaticism, that they are submerged in the sea of imitations, that they
have not the capability to hearken to the Call of the Kingdom of God, that
the veil of bigotry has so covered the eyes that they have deprived themselves
from beholding the signs of the Most Great Guidance, and that the dogmas
have take11 possession of the hearts entirely, leaving no trace of Reality. They
asserted that should the Sun of Reality shine with perfect splendor, throughout
"'No'rE--This second Tablet for the Canadian friends was revealed February
21, 1917, in the room of at Acca. The first Tablet in the Divine
Plan for the Dominion of Canada was revealed April 5, 1916, in the garden
of the Blessed Tomb of at Bahjee; it was published in the 
on THE Vol. 7, No. 10 and Vol. 9, No. Eclitors.

