12 STAR OF THE WEST
conception. They endeavored for the sake of everyone 's life and engaged in the
service of universal education. The area of their aims was not limited--nay,
rather, it was all-inclusive and all-wide.
Therefore, ye must also be thinking of every one, so that mankind may be
educated, character moderated and this World may turn into a Paradise of Eden.
Love ye all religions and all races with a love that is true and sincere and
show that love through deeds and not through the tongue; for the latter-has
not importance as the majority of men are, in speech, well-wishers, while action
is the best.
Convey to each of the friends of God and the maid-servants of the Merciful
greeting and praise. The pictures you have sent, you did very Well to enclose
them. I attentively looked at each one of them and found in those faces the
light of the love of God.
Upon thee be greeting and praise.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, Haifa, Palestine, December 27, 1918.)
DR. ZIA BAGDADI
To his honor, Dr. Zia Bagdadi, Chicago--Upon his be El-Aloha!
He Is God!
thou favored servant at the Threshold of the Almighty!
The letter thou hast written on September 25th, 1918, has been received.
Praise be to God, thou hast remained safe and protected throughout these years
of disturbance and commotion. Thou wert guarded by the of Bounty and
Wert the recipient of infinite blessings. Now that disturbance and commotion
have abated, you must more than ever before endeavor in teaching and pro-
mulgating the divine teachings. Today the promulgation of the foundation of
the divine teachings, which has been explicitly recorded in the blessed Tablets,
is the cause of the life of the World. Emphasize and attach importance to this
great cause. Arise in teaching. These are the days of seed-sowing. One's
time must be occupied continually in sowing so that the station of the divine
gardener may be attained and great harvests be prepared.
As soon as the way of communication has been opened I have taken up
correspondence with thee.
Convey on my behalf to the maid-servant of God, Zeenat, my greetings. . .
Embrace and show utmost affection in my behalf to thy little daughter.
Upon thee be El-Baha~el-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
To his honor, Dr. Zia Bagdadi, Chicago.--Upon him be El-Abha!
He Is God!
Thy letter dated December 21, 1918, reached us. . . . .
Concerning the House of Spirituality: I pray God to assist them in all
conditions and confirm them for the elevation of the Word of God and the
promulgation of the divine teachings, so that they become the cause of the
establishment of the oneness of humanity and the diffusion of the Merciful
fragrances, in order that the prejudice among the religions, the sects and the
races may not remain and all together take hold of the rope of God, the mis-

