282 STAR OF WEST
Likewise, the islands of the West Indies, such as Cuba, Haiti, Porto Rico,
Jamaica, the islands of the Lesser Antilles, Bahama Islands, even the small
Watling island, have great importance; especially the two black Republics,
Haita and Santo Domingo, situated in the cluster of the Greater Antilles. Like-
wise, the cluster of the islands of Bermuda in the Atlantic Ocean have importance.
In a similar way, the Republics on the continent of South 
Ecuador, Peru, Brazil, British Guiana, Dutch Guiana, French Guiana, Bolivia,
Chile, Argentine, Uruguay, Paraguay, Venezuela; also the islands in the north
east and west of South America, such as Falkland Island, Galapagos, Juan
Fernandez, Tobago and Trinidad. Likewise, the city of Bahia, situated on the
eastern shore of Brazil. Because it is some time that it has become known by
this name, its efficacy will be most potent.
In short, ye believers of God! Exalt your effort and magnify your aims.
His Holiness Christ says: "Blessed are the poor, for theirs shall be the King-
dom of Heaven." In other words: Blessed are the nameless and traceless poor,
for they are the leaders of mankind. Likewise it is said in the Koran: "We
desire to bestow our gifts upon those who have become weak on the face of the
earth, and make them a nation and the heirs (of spiritual truth.) Or, we
wish to grant a favor to the impotent souls and suffer them to become the
inheritors of the Messengers and Prophets.
Therefore, now is the time that you may divest yourselves of the garment
of attachment to this phenomenal realm, be wholly severed from the physical
world, become angels of heaven and travel and teach through all these regions.
I declare by Him, beside whom there is no one, that each one of you shall
become the Israfel of Life, blowing the breath of Life in the souls of others.
Upon ye be greeting and praise!
SUPPLICATION
Thou incomparable God! Thou Lord of the Kingdom! These souls are
Thy heavenly army. Assist them and with the cohorts of the Supreme Con-
course, make them victorious; so that each one of them may become like unto
a regiment and conquer these countries through the love of God and the illumina-
tion of divine Teachings.
God! Be Thou their supporter and their helper, and in the wilderness,
the mountain, the valley, the forests, the prairies and the seas, be Thou their
confidant--so that they may cry out through the power of the Kingdom and the
breath of the Holy Spirit!
Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty and the Omnipotent, and Thou art
the \Vise, the Hearer and the Seer.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Assays.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, \/Vashington, D. O., April 4, 1919.)

