70 STAR OF THE WEST
Likewise as the Continent of America in the estimation of the True One
is the field of the eifulgence of lights, the Kingd01I1 of the Manifestation of
Mysteries, the home of the righteous ones and the gathering place of the free;
therefore every section thereof is blessed; but because these nine states have
been favored in faith and assurance, hence through this precedence they have
obtained spiritual privilege. They must realize the value of this bounty;
because they have obtained such a favor and in order to render thanksgiving
for this most great bestowal, they must arise in the diffusion of divine fra-
grances, so that the blessed verse of the Koran:
"God is the light of heaven and earth; the similitude of His light is a
niche in a Wall, wherein a lamp is placed, and the lamp enclosed in a case of
glass; the glass appears as if it were a shining star. It is lighted With the oil
of a blessed tree, an olive neither of the East, nor of the West; it wanteth
little but that the oil thereof would give light, although no fire touched it.
This is the light added unto light. God will direct unto His light Whom He
plea-seth. 
--may be realized.
He says: "The World of nature is the,world of darkness, because it is
the origin of a thousand depravities, nay rather, it is darkness upon darkness."
The illumination of the World of nature is dependent upon the splendor of
the Sun of Reality. The grace of guidance is like unto the candle which is
enkindled in the glass of knowledge and Wisdom and that glass of knowledge
and wisdom is the mirror of the heart of humanity. The oil of that luminous
lamp is from the fruits of the Blessed Tree and that oil is so refined that it
will burn Without light. When the intensity of the light and the translucency
of the glass and the purity of the mirror are brought together, it Will become
light upon light.
In brief, in these nine blessed states Abdul-Baha journeyed and traveled
from place to place, explained the Wisdom of the heavenly book and diffused
the fragrances. In most of these states he founded the divine edifice and
opened the door of teaching. In those states he sowed pure seeds and planted
blessed trees.
Now the believers of God and the maid-servants of the Merciful must
irrigate those fields and with the utmost power engage themselves in the culti-
vation of these heavenly plantations so that the seeds may grow and develop,
prosperity and blessing be realized and many rich and great harvests be gath-
ered in.
The Kingdom of God is like unto a farmer Who comes into possession of a
piece of pure and virgin soil. Heavenly seeds are scattered therein, the clouds
of divine Providence pour down and the rays of the Sun of Reality shine forth.
Now all these bounties exist and appear in full in these nine states. The
divine Gardener passed by that holy ground and scattered pure seeds from the
lordly teachings in that field, the rain of the bounties of God poured down and

