STAR OF THE WEST
desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one
in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of aif ection and unity between the sons of men shall be
strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these
fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 10 Jamal 1, 75 (April Z8, 1919) No. 3
From the Helena Daily Sunday, Feb. 2, 1919.
The Bahai Movernent--Is it the coming Universal Religion?
By JEAN MAssoN.
[The Bahai Movement has a number of converts throughout Montana, of
whom there is a small group in Helena. It is a world movement, which is
spreading rapidly in Asia and in parts of eastern Europe. Whatever the
religious viewpoint of the reader, it Will not be denied that the prophecies of
the leaders of the Bahais have been fulfilled in marvelous 1nanner.--Editor.]
THE Holy Land had just been re-
leased from the grip of the Turk.
Communication was made possible be-
tween Palestine and the west after many
months of interrupted intercourse. And
then through the British embassy came
the message over the cable to America:
have much pleasure in informing
you that I have received a telegram
from my government stating that His
Eminence Abdul-Baha Abbas is in Haifa
and that he is in good health and is
well cared for."
Press notices in early October were
sent out over the country, through the
British Bureau of Information, that
British troops came upon Abdul-Baha
in Haifa.
\Vho is Abdul-Baha, that he should
be the subject of telegraphic and press
information immediately upon the com-
plete defeat of the Turks and the estab-
lishment of communication?
At Leland Stanford university, in
October, 1912, this same Abdul-Baha
predicted the great warthe battle of
Armageddon, referred to in the 16th
chapter of Revelation. The time is two
years hence, When only a spark will set
aflame the whole of Europe.
"The social unrest in all countries,
the growing religious skepticism, ante-
cedent to the lnillennium, are already
here. Only a spark will set aflame the
whole of Europe, as prophesied i11 the
verses of Daniel and in the Book of
John.
"Before 1917 kingdoms will be an-
nihilated, will rock the
earth. Then all nations shall be as one
faith and all men as brothers and these
fruitless strifes and ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace'
shall come, and man shall not glory in
this, that he loves his country, but
rather in that he loves his kind."
On Sunday, May 12, 1912, in Grace
Methodist Episcopal church, New York
city, this same Abdul-Baha gave utter-
ance to this momentous Warning:
"Just now you can say Europe is
a battlefield; like ammunition ready for
a spark. And one spark can set aflame
the whole World.
"Before these complications and colos-
sal events happen, take a step and pre-
vent it."
Who is this Abdul-Baha, with the

