STAR OF THE WEST 201
The more they dig the greater will be
the output of the ideal precious gems,
silver, gold and diamonds. The believers
of the Western States must find their
way from these mines to the
spiritual mines. They must realize how
their forefathers, in order to obtain gold,
underwent the most incredible adver-
sities, exposed their lives to danger and
accepted all the dilficulties with a firm
resolution. The friends also, in order to
guide the souls, to promote the Word of
God, to discover the unseen treasures of
the Kingdom, and to prospect the invisi-
ble mines of the Realm of Might, must
be willing to undergo any difficulty, so
that they may achieve greater results
and enrich the world with the boundless
wealth of Truth.
"To the friends of the Western States,
the self-sacrifice of the old pioneers and
the patient gold-diggers must serve as a
great example of perseverance. The
mines of the Kingdom of Abha and their
precious jewels are the praiseworthy at-
tributes and characteristics. These di-
vine perfections are hidden from the
sight of men. The believers of God must
by day and by night strive in their expo-
sition that their luster and bril-
liancy may increase. The material mine-s
make man independent during his
life, but the mines of the King-
dom of Abha will enrich him throughout
all eternity, and deliver him from crude-
ness, ignorance and poverty. The West-
ern friends, must become laborers in
these great, spiritual mines, and fill the
markets of the world with the gold and
silver of the Kingdom of righteousness.
For every head they must make a
heavenly crown of self-sacrifice; for
every neck a necklace studded with the
scintillating jewels of humility; for
every ear an earring of truth and obedi-
ence; for every hand a bracelet of uni-
versal service, and for every finger a ring
of sympathy that the wonders and
beauty of the world of the Kingdom may
encircle the globe."
Another day I spoke to the Master,
while he was coming out from the Tomb
of about the system of
irrigation in Southern California, and
how the waste and barren deserts are
turned into a paradise of flowers, fruit
trees and sweet homes. He quickly
turned to me and said: "When thou
travelest in those parts, tell the people:
The Heavenly Irrigator appeared 70
years ago in Persia and taught His dis-
ciples how to flood the dry fields of the
hearts. Through His knowledge and
inspiration they were enabled to trans-
form the waste deserts of the minds and
souls into the luxuriant gardens in which
the rivers of light are flowing from the
inaccessible mountains of God.
"Now, ye friends of the Western
States, just as your Government is spend-
ing extraordinary effort and money in
the matter of irrigation, building dams
on the tablelands to save the winter rain,
so that the valleys, the plains and the
orchards may be flooded during the sum-
mer season, you must also exert your-
selves in the irrigation of the hearts of
men. Learn ye perseverance from your
universal teacher, who
was not disheartened by any obstacle
from irrigating the hearts of humanity.
Kings and nations arose against Him.
and banished Him to distant lands and
countries. Nevertheless, whenever He
entered a new place, fearlessly He oc-
cupied His time in the spiritual irriga-
tion and the sowing of the seeds of
knowledge and wisdom in the prepared
fields of spirit. Through His tender care
the wildernesses were changed into rose
gardens, the sad hearts were made happy,
the sleepy ones were awakened, and the
weak ones strengthened. Irrigation!
This is the real and permanent irriga-
tion of the Lord! One drop from this
water will allay the thirst of all man-
kind, suifering the fields of all hearts to
become green and luxuriant throughout
all eternity. If the ground of the spirit
is flooded with this pure water, it will
not be followed by any drought; its

