STAR OF THE WEST 57
oneness!" This divine exhortation
seemed to be in the thought, manners
and conduct of each and all.
The reception over, the friends entered
the Banquet Hall, led by Mrs. Alice
Ives Breed of New York. She was im-
mediately followed by a brilliant array
of speakers who were to adorn the Feast
of El-Rizwan (Paradise), commemora-
ting the Declaration of 
A dinner was served to the assembled
spirit of the occasion, its deep signifi-
cance being the great tie which binds all
the assemblies together in the Center of
the Covenant.
Mrs. Mary Hanford Ford showed
clearly how the birth of a great spirit
in the World marks the dawn of a new
era. The Whole World Will later realize
the comradeship and love, the capacity
for which is created by 
All battles must cease and all discord
Joanrn H. HANNEN, Washington
"Religion must be the Cause of Amity and Friendship 
Onom
MIRZA AHMAD Sonnan
"Unveiling of the Divine Plan 
Tablet No. 1 and Tablet No. 9 to tho Southern Slates.
revealed by Abdul Baha.
1' Unveiling of Tablets
The Misses HELEN and 
ll
Chairman
Reading of Commune appearing at the end of Tablet
So:-man
Chanting of Commune in Persian

THIRD SESSION BAHAI CONGRESS
8 o'clock 2. 11., Sunday, April 27th
Chairman
Mas. RICE-WRAY, Detroit
Oman Pnnumn
i Wiuan Ammo
Thin hmornenel world will not remain in on unehmging eondition even for A
i short wgile. Second after second it undergoes chnge Ind _Every
foundation will become every ory and Iplendor will at lut
vanilla md dinppeu, but the Kingdom God ll eternll and the heeyenly Sover-
eipty Ind Mnjuty will vund firm eve-hltingly. Hence in the eatumtion of-I
win mm the nut in the Kingdom of God in pref:-able to the throne of the govern-
ment of the aha Abbdl.
ALBERT R. Wnznus-r, Chicago
"The Mysterious Forcesof Civilization"
When the foundation of the is llicl in Americl, and that divine .
Edifioe is completed, I. most wonderful and thrilling motion in the 
world of existence. The Muhrekol-Azhr will become the center around which Ill 
these universal nctivitiu will be clustered. From that point of li ht, the I
spirit of teaching, spreading the Cause of God and promoting the Teachings of 
God will permeate to all of the world. 1 hope that are long the fnundntion of
this celestial Temple will be 1eid--tbua it may become conducive to the happiness
oflthe heart of Abdul Bnlzur.-Abdul Buha Abba.
Mns. Chicago i
"The Universal House of Worship for the New Age"
"The Monk's Story . . . .. . . .  . .  . . .Mous.rorg.sky 
"Immortality" (Tagore.Schminak2
"Volga. Bout Song.Russian Folk
VLADIMIR 
(Dr. Schminske at the piano)
Minn Arum: Somme 
"Unveiling of the Divine Plan"
Tablet No. 1 and Tablet No. 2 to the Central States, 
revealed by Abdul Baha.
Unveiling of Tablets
Miss Rounrnn Jonas and Pmsons
. Chairman
Reading of Commune appearing at the end of the Tablet
MIRZA AHMAD Somun
Chanting of Commune in Persian
ELEVENTH ANNUAL MASHREKOL-AZKAR
CONVENTION
10 o'clock A. LL, Monday, April 28th
6
friends who in number overfiowed the
banquet hall. It is estimated that more
than six hundred persons Were present.
Mrs. Breed happily expressed the
spirit of the feast and in Well chosen
Words introduced each speaker. Mother
Beecher opened with a beautiful prayer
selected from the revealed Words. Mrs.
Maud Gaudreaux sang to a very re-
sponsive audience, Mrs. McClean pre-
siding at the piano.
Mr. Mountfort Mills in behalf of the
New York Assembly, greeted the friends,
expressing with genial Warmth the
1'
be banished so that the great peace
may enter every heart.
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Who has been
With Abdul-Baha for the past seven
years said, have only to bring a
message of love and unity from Abdul-
Baha, the Center of the Covenant of
Both and
Abdul-Baha endured countless sufferings
in order to create the happy faces seen
at this feast." Abdul-Baha is now look-
ing toward America as that nation which
is the hope of the nations Whose prin-
ciples of ideal justice and freedom Will

