MESSAGE OF ABDUL-BAHA TO THE AMERICAN BAHAIS
THROUGH MRS. CORINNE TRUE AND MISS EDNA
TRUE ON THE EVE OF THEIR DEPARTURE
FROM HAIFA, NOV. 12, 1919.
My message to them is that they must be united, must remain
firm and steadfast, must be always turning to the Kingdom and
must be the manifestations of truthfulness, of faith, of harmony
and of self-sacrifice. They must co-operate and serve one another
with sincerity and goodwill, with devotion and with humility. They
must be pure in heart, purer than this water at table. Their hearts
must be always directed toward God and turned away from man.
They must seek His divine good-pleasure and should be wholly
detached from this ephemeral world, for attachment to it will
plunge man into an intense darkness. The love of this world is
the fountain head of every vice and sin. It is the first sin that a
soul can commit. No sin is greater than this. Whoever is detached
from this world is assuredly near unto God, is a real and sincere
Bahai, and whoever is attached to it knows well that he is not a
real Bahai, for a real Bahai cannot love this world and cannot 'be
possibly attached to it. At most it is this that man may live a few
days in this World, sleeps, eats, drinks and then passes away, is
confined into a subterranean dungeon and goes to the lowest of the
low, leaving no trace and no name behind him. But if, on the
other hand, he turns during the days of his life to the divine King-
dom, acquires human perfections and the excellent attributes of the
world of humanity, his life will be a fruitful one, he will pertain
to the Kingdom and will become heavenly and illumined. He will
never feel inclined to this world and if he at all occupies himself
with it, it is simply to acquire the means of subsistence. The two
most essential requisites are harmony and severance from this
world. Attachment to this world is a hindrance to union. If
attachment is decreased, union and harmony will be gradually
realized.
Good tidings and refreshing news must be received from you
when you reach the West--tidi11gs which, when -I become informed
of them, I may be gladdened and rejoiced. I trust that when
ye reach America ye may be in the utmost degree of enkindlement,
that ye may stir and quicken the souls. I pray that ye may bestow
such a joy and fragrance that when ye attend a gathering of
friends and when ye address them ye may transform and stir a11d
vivify the souls of your hearers.
Rest assured that the confirmations of the Blessed Beauty
will ever come to your assistance and will ever
encompass you. On your behalf I pray at these Sacred Spots and
beg for ye assistance and confirmation. Rest ye assured that ye
are under His sheltering protection!
ii -- 


