STAR OF THE VVEST 345
i a 
(Continued from page 343)
JOSEPH H. HANNEN
A great calamity has befallen the
Washington (D. C.) friends, or to bet-
ter express it has befallen the Cause in
general, through the sudden departure
from this World of our good spiritual
brother, Joseph Hannen, on January
27th, 1920. We are quite heart-broken
over our loss, and We are so shocked and
stunned over the abruptness of it all
that We scarcely realize that he is no
longer With us in this material realm.
In crossing a street he Was struck by
an auto car which knocked him down
and passed over his body. He Was hur-
ried in an ambulance to a hospital and
later taken to his home. The best pos-
sible medical advice Was obtained and
the friends supplicated and prayed un-
ccasingly upon his behalf. He seelned
quite unconcerned over his condition,
and those Who conversed with him could
not discern that he realized he was dy-
ing. A few minutes after 9 o'clock in
the morning of the fifth day after the
accident his spirit took flight from this
phenomenal World and ascended to the
realm of the eternal reality beyond.
Upon the third day after Brother
Joseph 's departure the friends gathered
at the Hannen home for the reading of
the burial service. Both colored and
White Were there. They brought flow-
ers until not only was the bier hidden
from view by these floral offerings, but
the chimney piece and various articles
of furniture i11 the room Were likewise
smothered With blossoms, While the en-
tire house Was filled with fragrance
thereof. The ceremony Was quite sim-
ple. It consisted of the reading of a
commune followed by the Bahai burial
service with its choral responsive
prayers and Was concluded by the read-
ing of several selections from the Words
of and Abdul-Baha upon
this subject of the immortality of the
soul and of its continuance and perpe-
tuity in the Worlds beyond.
At the conclusion of the reading seven
of the men Bahais bore the body from
the house. The interment was in the
family burial plot in Prospect Hill Cem-
etery Within the city, not very far dis-
tant from the I-lannen home. Mrs.
Knobloch's mortal remains also rest in
this plot. At the grave nine utterances
from the Hidden Words from the
Arabic -Were read, the friends then
chanted in the Persian language in
chorus three times the prayer, "The Re-
mover of Difficulties" and a short com-
mune Was read, after Which the family
cast sprays of roses into the open grave
and We all returned to our respective
homes saddened by this distressing trag-
edy.
It Was during the time of Mirza Abul
Fazl's Bahai ministrations in Washing-
ton. that Mr. and Mrs. Hannen and the
Knobloeh family (Mrs. Hannen's
mother and sisters) came into the knowl-
edge of the Covenant. Since then up
until the very moment when Brother

