STAR OF THE WEST 155
ye infinite assistance and confirmation. Do not take into consideration your
own aptitudes and capacities, but fix your gaze on the consummate bounty, the
divine bestowal and the power of the Holy power that converts
the drop into a sea and the star into a sun.
Praise be to God, the hosts of the Supreme Concourse secure the victory
and the power of the Kingdom is ready to assist and to support. Should ye at
every instant unloosen the tongue in thanksgiving and gratitude, ye will not
be able to discharge yourselves of the obligation of gratitude for these bestowals.
Consider: Eminent personages Whose fame has spread all over the World
shall, ere long, be exterminated as the result of their deprivation of this heavenly
bounty; no name and no fame shall they leave behind, and of them no fruit and
trace shall survive. But as the effulgences of the Sun of Truth have dawned
forth upon ye and ye have attained everlasting life, ye shall shine and glitter
forevermore from the horizon of existence.
His honor Peter was a fisherman and Mary Magdalene a peasant, but as
they were specially favored With the blessings of His Holiness Christ, the
horizon of their faith became illumined and down to the present day they are
shining from the horizon of everlasting glory. At this station, merit and
capacity are not to be considered; nay rather, the resplendent rays of the Sun
of Truth, which have illumined these mirrors, must be taken into account.
Ye are inviting me to America. I am likewise longing to gaze at those
illumined faces and converse and associate with those real friends. But the
magnetic power which shall draw me to those shores is the union and harmony
of the friends, their behavior and conduct i-n accordance with the teachings of
God and the firmness of all in the Covenant and the Testament.
Divine Providence! This assemblage is composed of Thy friends who are
attracted to Thy beauty and are set ablaze by the fire of Thy love. Turn these souls
into heavenly angels, resuscitate them through the breath of Thy Holy Spirit,
grant them eloquent tongues and resolute hearts, bestow upon them heavenly
power and merciful susceptibilities, cause them to become the promulgators of the
oneness of mankind and the cause of love and concord in the of humanity,
so that the perilous darkness of ignorant prejudice may vanish through the light
of the Sun of Truth, this dreary world may become illumined, this material realm
may absorb the rays of the world of spirit, these different colors may merge
into one color and the melody of praise may rise to the Kingdom of Thy sanctity.
Verily, Thou art the Omnipotent and the Almighty!
Upon ye be Baha-el-Abba!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, May 22d, 1919.)

