350 STAR OF THE WEST
tress and pain of the illness, there was
a spirit of acquiescence and sacrifice of
personal desire which made a deep im-
pression upon one 's soul.-
Upon the third day after the depart-
ure, almost the entire assembly from
Boston, with representatives from New
York, gathered at the Kinney home at
Wollaston, Massachusetts. Prayers and
Tablets were read and the holy Words
chanted. During the ceremony a short
bit of candle burned in the room. This
had been brought many years before
from the Holy Tomb of 
It had illuminated the room nineteen
years before at the time of Sandy's
birth. There was just enough wax left
to burn during the ceremony. At the
close of the prayers, when the burial
ring had been placed upon the boy's fin-
ger, the candle burned up high, then
flickered and Went out.
The interment was in the village cem-
etery at Quincy, a short distance from
the Kinney home. There, more Tablets
and Holy Words were read and, as the
body was lowered into the ground, the
friends chanted in the Persian tongue
the prayer for the "removal of difficul-
ties." Many flowers Were cast into the
grave by loving hands and, when the
earth had been filled in, there Was yet
a quantity of flowers sufficient to en-
tirely cover the mound. It was a per-
feet morning--not a cloud in the sky.
All of the hearts were pained and dis-
tressed from the human standpoint, yet
all realized that a spirtual benediction
was present as each Wended his way to
his respective home.
Charles Mason Remey.
Extract from recent Tablet from Ab-
dul-Ba-lia to Charles Mason Remey:
have been greatly affected by the
death of Mr. Sandy Kinney. WVhat a
lovely child he was. On my behalf tell
Mr. and Mrs. Kinney: 'Do not grieve
and do not lament. That tender and
lovely shrub has been transferred from
this world to the rose garden of the
Kingdom, and that longing dove has
flOWn to the divine nest. That candle
has been extinguished in this nether
world that it may be rekindled in the
Supreme Concourse. Ye shall assured-
ly meet him face to face in the World of
mysteries at the Assemblage of Light.' 
Mi.
Recent Tablet revealed by Abdul-
Baha for Abdul-Ali Sanford Kinney
after his departure:
For Abdul-Ali Sanford Kinney--Upon
him be B-aha-el-Abba!
He Is God!
Thou divine Providence!
Sanford was a child of the Kingdom
and, like unto a tender shrub, was in
the utmost freshness and grace in the
Abha Paradise. He has ascended to the
world of the Kingdom, that in the ever-
lasting rose-garden he may grow and
thrive on the banks of the river of
Everlasting Life and may blossom and
attain fruition.
Thou divine Providence! Rear him
by the outpouring of the cloud of mercy
and nourish him through the heat of
the sun of pardon and of forgiveness.
Stir him by the breeze of bounty and
bestow patience and forbearance upon
his kind father and mother, that they
may not deplore his separation, and may
rest assured in meeting their son in the
everlasting kingdom. Thou art the
Forgiver and the Compassionate!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA ABBAS.
(Haifa, Palestine, November 23, 1919.
Brought by Mrs. "Tm. H. Randall to
Saffa and Vaffa Kinney.)
PHILIP BURNETT
At the request of his wife, We are
sending you news of the passing away
of Philip Burnett, December 26th, 1919,
at Philadelphia. Jessie Reoell.

