272 STAR OF THE WEST
one must say that the Blessed Beauty
has made a mistake or He must be
obeyed. Abdul-Baha has no command
to call the people to its obedience save
the diffusion of the fragrances of God,
the exaltation of His Word, the promul-
gation of the oneness of the world of
humanity, the establishment of univers-
al peace, and so forth, from the Com-
mands of God. These are divine com-
mands and have nothing to do with
Abdul-Baha. Whoever wishes may ac-
cept them and any one who rejects
them may do as he pleases.
Now some of the mischief-makers,
wit.h many kinds of tricks are seeking
leadership and in order to reach this
position they instill some doubts among
the friends that they may cause differ-
ences, and difierences may result in
drawing a party to themselves. But
the friends of God must be awake a'nd
must know that the scattering of these
doubts have as their motives personal
intentions and the realization of leader-
ship.
Do not break up Bahai unity, and
this unity cannot be maintained save
through faith in the Covenant of God.
In fine, thou hast the desire to travel
about that thou mayest. spread the frag-
rances of God. This is highly suitable.
Assuredly divine confirmations will as-
sist thee and the power of the Cove-
nant and the Testament will secure thee
triumph and victory.
Upon thee be Baha-El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Haifa, Palestine, July 18th, 1919.)
ORMA WILSON
To the maid-servant of God, Norma WVil-
son, Chicago, Il1inois--Upo11 her be
El-Abha!
He Ls" God!
thou daughter of the Kingdom!
Thy letter was received. It was like
the melody of the divine nightingale,
the twittering of which gladdens the
hearts. This is because its contents in-
dicated faith, assurance and firmness
in the Covenant and the Testament.
Today the stirring power of the world
of existence is the power of the Cove-
nant which like unto arteries pulsates
in the body of the contingent world and
protects Bahai unity.
The Bahais .are ordered to establish
the oneness of mankind; if they cannot
unite around one point how will they be
able to bring about the unity of man-
kind?
The purpose of the Blessed Beauty in
entering into this Covenant and Testa-
ment was to gather all the existent be-
ings around one point so that the
thoughtless souls, who in every cycle and
generation have been the cause of dis-
sension, may not undermine the Move-
ment. He has, therefore, commanded
that whatever emanates from the Center
of the Covenant is right a11d is under
His protection and favor, while every-
thing else is error.
Praise be to God, thou art firm in the
Covenant and the Testament.
Upon thee be Baha-El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Aienixs.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Haifa. Palestine; July 18th, 1919.)
SUPPLICATION REVEALED BY ABDUL-BAHA.
God! Assist me with the hosts of the Supreme Concourse and make
me firm and steadfast in the Covenant and Testament. I am weak in the
Covenant and Testament; confer upon me strength. I am poor; bestow upon
me wealth from the treasures of the Kingdom. I am ignorant; open before
my face the doors of knowledge. I am dead; breathe into me the Breath of
Life. I am dumb; grant me an eloquent tongue, so that with a fluent ex-
pression I may raise the call of Thy Kingdom and quicken all of them in firm-
ness to the Covenant. Thou art the Generous, the Giver and the Mighty!

