STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
He Is God!
thou STAR or THE West!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these upon firmness, firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Auras.
Editorial Stafi: ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Vo1.10 if if Nu!" 1, 75 (June s,i919) Na;
Editorial--The Southern States contributes a
General Outline
By osnrn H. HANNEN
Careful study of the Tablets to America on Teaching, old and new, develops
an increasing sense of the responsibility and opportunity of every Bahai. It is
indeed the trumpet call to action. A new campaign is being waged against
ignorance, lack of spirituality, prejudice and sectarianism. Its divine object is
unity through love, and the formation of a republic of religions, in which all
men shall be brothers, with God the Father of all, and His will shall "be done
on earth as it is in heaven."
It is our desire and eifort to enlist the co-operation of every friend in the
Southern territory, bending a united effort toward the accomplishment of the
task set before us. The large delegation which attended the New York Conven-
t10D from Washington and other points in the Southern field, returned filled
with enthusiasm and inspiration, and plans are being made to systematically
spread the glad-tidings of the Kingdom. As in this Work we have had the
benefit of the personal co-operation of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, who spent much
of his time before and shortly after the Convention in Washington, the plans
which he outlined, and which are naturally based on a very thorough compre-
hension of Abdul-Baha's Wishes, may be of general interest to the friends
everywhere.
The objects to be attained are such as to require the best efiort of everyone.
There is no one connected with the Cause of God who has not a part in this great
plan. With a view of facilitating the general work, and co-ordinating the
efforts of the friends, an outline has been drawn up by Mirza Sohrab, which the
Southern section submits to the friends as its contribution to the general outline,
and with a constant supplieation for guidance and bounty.
The outline is as follows:
1. A Central Bureau to be organized 2. Teachers traveling in the South to
in Washington for the South. send addresses of those to whom they

