STAR OF THE VVEST 265
'Walk, therefore, with a sure step a.nd
engage with the utmost assurance and
confidence in the promulgation of the
divine fragrances, the glorification of
the "lord of God and firmness in the
Covenant. Rest ye assured that if a
soul arises in the utmost perseverance
and raises the Call of the Kingdom and
resolutely promulgates the 
be he an insignificant shall be
enabled to drive away the formidable
elephant from the arena, and if he be
a feeble moth he shall cut to pieces the
plumage of the rap acious vulture.
Endeavor, therefore, that ye may
scatter and disperse the army of doubt
and of error with the poWer of the Holy
Utterances. This is my will and this is
my counsel. Do not quarrel with any-
body, and shun every form of dispute.
Utter the \Vord of God. If he accepts
it the desired purpose is attained, and
if he turns away leave him to himself
and trust to God.
Such is the at-tribute of those who are
firm in the Covenant.
Upon ye be Baha-E1-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Aeeas.
(Translated by Shoghi Ptabbani,
Haifa, Palestine, June 2-, 1919.)
 
BAHAIS OF CALIFORNIA
To the friends and maid-servants of the
Merciful in Los Angeles and the other
cities of California, care of Mr. and
Mrs. them be Benn'-
o'LL_sn El-Abhal
He Is God!
ye friends and maid-servants of the
Merciful 
From the spiritual assembly of Los
Angeles a letter has been received. It
was indicative of the fact that the
blessed souls in California, like unto an
immovable mountain, are withstanding
the gale of violation, have like unto
blessed trees been implanted in the soil
of the Covenant and are in the utmost
firmness and steadfastness. The hope
is entertained, therefore, that through
the blessings of the Sun of Truth they
may daily increase in their firmness and
steadfastness. The tests of every dis-
pensation are in direct proportion with
the greatness of the Cause and as here-
tofore such a manifest Covenant, writ-
ten by the Supreme Pen, has not been
entered upon, the tests are proportion-
ately severe. These trials cause the
feeble souls to waver while those who
are firm are not affected. These agita-
tions of the violators are no more than
the foam of the ocean, which is one of
its inseparable features, but the ocean
of the Covenant shall surge and shall
cast ashore those dead bodies for it can-
not contain them. Thus it is seen that
the ocean of the Covenant has surged
and surged until it has thrown out the
dead bodies--the souls that are deprived
of the Spirit of God and are lost in
passion and self and are seeking leader-
ship. ln fine, this froth of the ocean
shall not endure and shall soon disap-
pear and vanish, While on the other
hand the ocean of the Covenant shall
eternally surge and roar.
Consider then that Christ, in order to
preserve the unity of Christendom, said
to Peter: "Thou art Peter, and upon
this rook I will build my church."
This Word has secured every one's sub-
missiveness and allegiance and has pre-
served for a thousand years the unity
of the Christian World. Notwithstand-
ing the fact that this declaration Was
not a command to obey and to follow
and was verbally delivered, yet it has
proved to do away with any foam that
might appear on the surface of the
ocean of Christ and to cast ashore any
dead body that sought the vanities of
this world. At present His Holiness
through His Supreme
Pen, has Written the B001: of the Cove-
nant and has called it the "Book of the
Covenant," and has entered with every
one into a covenant and a testament.
He first addresses the Aghsans, then the
Afnans and then the relations bidding

