STAR OF THE WEST 28
families! How the sacred power of His Holiness Mohammed became tl1e means
of 'uniting and harmonizing the contentious tribes and the different clans of
Peninsular Arabia-to such an extent that one thousand tribes were welded
into one tribe, strife and discord were done away with, all of them unitedly and
with one accord strove in advancing the cause of culture and civilization, and
thus were freed from the lowest degree of degradation, soaring toward the
height of everlasting glory! Is it possible to find a greater Collective Center
in the phenomenal world than this? In comparison to this divine Collective
Center, the national collective center, the patriotic collective center, the political
collective center and the cultural and intellectual collective center are like child 's
plays!
Now strive ye that the Collective Center of the sacred religions, for the incul~
cation of which all the prophets were manifested and which is no other than the
Spirit of the divine Teachings,--be spread in all parts of America that
each one of you may shine forth from the horizon of Reality like unto the
morning star, divine illumination may overcome the darkness of nature, and
the world of humanity may become enlightened. This is the most great work!
Should ye become confirmed therein, this world will become another world, the
surface of the earth will become the delectable paradise, and eternal institutions
be founded.
Let whosoever travels to differeiitparts to teach, peruse over mountain, desert,
land and sea, this supplieation:
SUPPLICATION
God! God! Thou seest my weakness, lowliness and humility amongst
Thy creatures; nevertheless I have trusted in Thee and have arisen in the
promotion of Thy Teachings amongst Thy strong servants, relying on Thy
power and might!
Lord! I am a broken-winged bird and desire to soar in this, Thy space,
to which there is no limit. How is it possible for me to do this save through
Thy providence and grace, Thy confirmation and assistance!
Lord! Have pity on my weakness and_ strengthen me with Thy power!
Lord! Have pity on my impotency and assist me with Thy might and
majesty!
Lord! Should the breaths of the Holy Spirit confirm the weakest of
creatures, he shall attain to the highest station of greatness and shall possess
anything he desireth. Indeed, Thou hast assisted Thy servants in the past, and
they were the weakest of Thy creatures, the lowliest of Thy servants and the
most insignificant of those who lived upon the earth; but through Thy sanction
and potency they took precedence over the most glorious of Thy people and the
most noble of Thy mankind. Whereas formerly they were as moths, they
became royal falcons and whereas before they were as bubbles they became seas-.
Through Thy bestowal, Thy mercy and Thy most great favor they became
stars shining in the horizon of guidance, birds singing in the rose-gardens of
immortality, lions roaring in the forest of knowledge and wisdom and whales
swimming in the oceans of life.
Verily, Thou art the Clement, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Most
Merciful of the Merciful!
(Signed) ABBAS.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, April 5, 1919, 'Washington, D. C.)

