STAR OF THE Z87
granted then, that there is set up this
eternal connection between the indiv-
idual and the divine center. There
must be then some further thought on
the subject, a11d in studying over the
history of the world which is the only
answer to all these great questions, we
find that just so often there comes into
the world these divine ones, claiming to
be that collective center, not so much
by the very proposition, not so much
by their saying, am this divine cen-
ter," but from the result of their work,
which is ever the proof. And so we
find that just so often there has come
into this world a manifestation from
this hidden place, this concealed origin,
this divine wisdom, this holocaust which
in turn fires you and me, and this is ever
the process. It has ever been so.
The other evening at the wonderful
dinner we all attended our beautiful
speaker, Dr. Guthrie said that there was
nothing new in this Bahai Revelation,
and he said "Praise be to God that this
is so." Well, I praise God that there
is something new in this divine Revela-
tion, and I want to simply correct Dr.
Guthrie and say that he hadn't found
the point of contact. He was looking on
the surface for the new things. Oh, no,
the sunlight is always new. But we
don't look for the sunlight to the sun-
light, or in the sunlight for new things,
but when the sun strikes the earth in
spring we have the new flowers and so
the Bahai Revelation is to give to the
world the new things and the wonderful
things that the people who have not
become real intrinsic Bahais cannot find.
They cannot find it yet because the sun-
light is just glancing on the spiritual
world. Sometimes there will come the
divine blossoming of this flower which is
coming now. Then we will have the new
things. Then we will manifest forth
the divinity of our inspiration, and that
is the point I want to make.
Now, you and I are the strugglers
toward the new and Wonderful things
that will manifest through inspiration.
God gives us the grace and grants us
the power to do it. How can we ever
got there"? Just through one magic word,
"sacrifice," that is the absolute require-
ment. The first great sacrifice, we have
been told, is to cut oneself loose from
the tales of the past. Is the past all
wrong? Are the tales of the past all
wrong"! No, thank God, they were not
all wrong. They are not today all wrong,
but those of us who are to manifest to
the world through inspiration can never
do it if we are tied to the old, and no
matter how true the old may be, no mat-
ter how fitting it may be we have got
to bare our souls until there is nothing
left of self, until all the tales, all the
knowledge and all that we have is gone,
and then will God send to you and to
me a new inspiration. Then will we
manifest and then only, the new, through
inspiration. Indeed, the mind must be
fortified, the way must be made clear
through the divine Word; there must be
no mistake about it, because the mind
is not in a condition to be truly inspired
yet, but the time will come no doubt
when we will not have to be so guarded
about the words, in fact our beloved
Master said to me one day when I was
wandering in his garden and taking pic-
tures, he said to me, i11 the most comical
wayehe caught me unawares; I had my
coat off, and I was dreadfully ashamed,
I didn't know he said,
"you take pictures and you steal my
house and you steal my grounds and you
steal my people, and you take them away
with you to America in your camera. I
will send my lawyer after you and I
will put you in prison," and then he
waited a moment, tapped me on the
shoulder, and laughing, said, "All
things will pass away, some day my
words that I have written down will pass
away; but the words that I have written
on the tablet of the heart will never
pass away." So you see that is the real
meaning of the manifestation of di-
vinity through inspiration, the blessed

