STAR OF THE WEST
desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men' as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and difl'er-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. I0 Kudrat 1, 75 (November 4-, 1919) No. 13
"You will find Bahai Centers in most parts of the World"
Talk by ABDUL-BAHA in Assembly Rooms, San Francisco, California,
October 5, 1912.
I HAVE the utmost joy to find in
the distant West such an established
Bahai center, Where the friends of God
have assembled associating with each
other in the utmost love. This afiords
me great joy and I ask God that this
revered assemblage may be made the
cause of illumining the East and the
West. This is my wish, and with the
utmost of happiness I am grateful on
account of the susceptibilities of your
conscience.
Today the people in general are self-
occupied. They are engaged either in
warfare, or in commercial, political, in-
dustrial, or agricultural pursuits. Their
interests are of a personal nature; they
are thinking of self-aggrandizement,
having no desire, no purpose save the
acquisition of possessions.
The assemblage in the world which
today is thoughtful of God, the assem-
blage which is occupied with the thought
of illumining the world of humanity,
the assemblage which is occupied with
the mentioning of the Kingdom of God,
the assemblage which has as its chief
motive the good pleasure of the Lord of
Hosts, is verily the assemblage of Bahais,
for they have no intention, aim, or pur-
pose save the attainment of the good-
pleasure of God, and entrance into the
Kingdom of God, and of being the pro-
mulgators of the religion of God, They
are the spreaders of the fragrances of
God. These are the desires of the as-
semblage of the Bahais.
All the sects of the World are on the
wane except the Bahai assemblages
which day by day are achieving ideal
progress, for they are confirmed by
God's assistance.
I hope that many such assemblages
may be founded in America, and that
from all the centers of the world peo-
ple may come to the Bahai assemblages
and there manifest the oneness of the
world of humanity.
The people in general are all asleep;
they are all inadvertent; they are all
slumbering, because their thoughts are
confined to materialism; they are not at
all thoughtful of God's thoughts except
you, who are thinking of God. Verily,
you are the spirit of the World I You
are the cause of the light of the world I
You are the salt of the earth 1
Do not look at your limited numbers
now. Ere long you will see that the
divine Radiance has flooded all regions.
The believers in the various sects are
decreasing in numbers, whereas the peo-
ple of God are constantly increasing,
progressing, developing, day by day
growing stronger and greater, day by
day becoming more eitective.
Consider how the assembly of His
Holiness Christ was limited to eleven
souls, but that assemblage has given
birth to innumerable assemblies How
many denominations are sheltered be-
neath it I Its efiicacy is evident, and it
has become the dominant -factor of all the
civilized world.

