42 STAR OF THE WEST
assured of the divine confirmation which strengthens all who are feeble and
energizes all who are frail.
Convey on my behalf the utmost love and kindness to the friends and the
maid-servants of the Merciful.
Upon thee be El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, February 3, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)
ELIZABETH P. HACKLEY
To the maid-servant of God, Elizabeth P. Hackley, Urbana, her be
El-Abhal
He Is God!
thou daughter of the Kingdom!
Thy letter was received. Its contents indicated the turning of thy face to
the Kingdom of God, thy freedom from the obscurity of the World of nature,
thy illumination with the light of guidance, thy acquisition of spirituality and
thy seeking to draw nearer to God.
My prayer to the Almighty God is that, day unto day, thou mayst increase
in spirituality and attain to an ideal advancement.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, February 1, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)
DAVID BUCHANAN
To his honor, David Buchanan, Portland, Oregon.--Upon him be 
El-Abha!
He Is God!
thou who art turning thy face to the Kingdom of God!
Thy letter dated December 2nd, 1918, was received. Although the repre-
sentatives of various governments are assembled in Paris in order to lay the
foundations of Universal Peace and thus bestow rest and comfort upon the
world of humanity, yet misunderstanding among some individuals is still pre-
dominant and self-interest still prevails. In such an atmosphere, Universal
Peace Will not be practicable, nay rather, fresh difficulties Will arise. This is
because interests are conflicting and aims are at variance.
\Ve pray and beseech at the divine Kingdom and beg for the World of
humanity rest and composure. For Universal Peace will not be brought about
through human power and shall not shine in full splendor unless this weighty
and important matter Will be realized through the "lord of God and be made
to shine forth through the influence of the Kingdom of God.
Eventually it shall be thoroughly established through the power of
BAHA 'o I
Verily, His Honor President Wilson is self-sacrificing in this path and is
striving with heart and soul, with perfect good-Will, in the World of humanity.
Similarly the equitable government of Great Britain is expending a great deal of
effort. Undoubtedly the general condition of the people and the state of small

