266 STAR OF THE WEST
them to turn their faces to the Center
of the Covenant and has then, in accord-
ance with the explicit text of the Most
Holy Book (the Book of Laws), made
the 'Center of the Covenant the Ex-
pounder of the Book.
From the early days of creation down
to'the present time, throughout all the
divine dispensations, such a firm and
explicit Covenant has no-t been entered
upon. In view of this fact is it possible
for these foams to remain on the sur-
face of the ocean of the Covenant? No,
by God! The violators are trampling
upon their own dignity, are uprooting
their own foundation and are proud in
that they are upheld by flatterers who
exert a great effort to shake the faith
of feeble souls. But this action of
theirs is of no consequence; it is a mi-
rage and not water, the foam and not
the sea, the mist and not the cloud, illu-
sion and not reality. All this you shall
soon see.
In short, praise be to God, ye are firm
and steadfast and be ye thankful that
like unto blessed trees ye are firmly
implanted in the soil of the Covenant.
It is sure that every firm one will grow,
will yield fresh fruits and will increase
daily in freshness and grace. Reflect
upon all the writings of 
whether epistles or prayers, and ye shall
surely come across a thousand passages
wherein prays as follows:
God! Exterminate the violators of
the Covenant and defeat the oppressers
of the Testament." "He who denies
the Covenant and the Testament is re-
jected by God, and he who remains firm
and steadfast therein is favored at the
Threshold of Oneness." Such sayings
and prayers abound, refer to them and
ye shall know.
In short, never be depressed. The
more ye are stirred by violation, the
more deepen ye in firmness and stead-
fastness, and be assured that the divine
hosts shall conquer for they are assured
of the victory of the Abha Kingdom.
Throughout all regions the standard of
firmness and steadfastness is upraised
and the flag of violation is debased for
only a few weak souls have been led
away by the flattery and the specious ar-
guments of the violators who are out-
wardly with the greatest care exhibiting
firmness but inwardly are engaged in
stirring souls. Only a few who are the
leaders of those who stir and agitate are
outwardly known as violators while the
rest, through subtle means deceive the
souls, for outwardly they assert their
firmness and steadfastness in the Cove-
nant but when they come across respon-
sive ears they secretly sow the seeds of
suspicion. The case of all of them re-
sembles the violation of the Covenant by
Judas Iscariot and his followers. Con-
sider: Has any result or trace remained
after them? Not even a name has been
left behind his followers and although
a great number of Jews have sided with
him followers at
all. This Judas Iscariot who was the
leader of the apostles betrayed His
Holiness Christ for thirty' drachme.
Take heed, ye people of perception!
At present these insignificant viola-
tors will surely give- away the Center
of the Covenant for the large sum which
they have begged by every subtle means.
It is now thirty years that His Holiness
has ascended and these
violators have meanwhile striven with
the utmost effort. VVhat have they
done so far? Under all conditions those
who have remained firm in the Covenant
have conquered while the violators have
met defeat, dejection and disappoint-
ment. After the ascension of Abdul-
Baha, no trace of them shall remain.
These souls ignore what will happen
and are proud of their own fancies.
In short, ye friends of God and
the maid-servants of the Merciful! The
hand of the divine bounty has placed
upon your heads a bejeweled crown, the
precious gems of which shall eternally
shine over all regions. Appreciate this
bounty and unloosen the tongue in
praise and thanksgiving, and engage in

