Z50 STAR OF THE WEST
adorned with the outpourings of sever-
ance to the Lord of mankind, so that
they may become as one bouquet, spirit-
ually and physically in the service of
the Cause of God.
As to the matter of the Mashrekol-
Azkar, it is of the most important af-
fairs. Relaxation therein is not permis-
sible. Verily, I shall Write to the Easts
of the earth and to its "Tests and urge
them to assist the Mashrekol-Azkar.
Concentrate thou thy thought in the
service of the Mashrekol-Azkar under
all conditions so that thou mayest ob-
tain confirmations and assistance under
all conditions and circumstancesthe translation of the S~umt-el-
Hykl, at present We do- not find a trans-
lator who can give it its merit. God
Willing, in the future a committee shall
be organized Whose members are experts
in Arabic, Persian and English. By that
perfect committee, the Sm-at-cl-Hykl
will be translated, but one person can-
not arise and give the translation that
it deserves. God Willing, this committee
will be organized and thou shalt be an
important member thereof.
Convey thou on my behalf the ut-
most mercy and tenderness to Bessie
Digget, her mother and her sister. Con-
vey my abundant greeting to Mr. An-
derson and his Wife. Verily, I ask God
to make them manifestations of His
merciful bounties. Convey my hearty
sympathy to Julia Jordan, Emma
Marky Appel, and VValter Bohanan.
Verily, I pray God to make them the
signs of guidance the people and
the banners of the Supreme Concourse.
Convey my greeting and tenderness to
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Anderson, Mr.
and Mrs. August Anderson, Mr. and
Mrs. Peter Nelson, Mr. and Mrs. Henry
Bennings, Mr. and Mrs. Schend, Mrs.
Hertel, Mr. and Mrs. Yeager, Mr. and
Mrs. Mrs. Redeen, Mrs.
Tressa Jacobsen, Mr. William Redeen,
Mr. George Steppy. Verily, I pray God
to guide them in their aifairs, to make
them attracted to the Kingdom of Abha,
sanctified above self and desire, seeking
nothing for themselves save severance
to God, delivered from the selfish sug-
gestions in the Cause of their Lord, the
Precious, the Exalted! For, verily, to
God is the praise. They are lamps
aflame with the fire of the love of God,
majestic trees in the rose-gardens of the
knowledge of God.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Dated July 24th, 1919, Haifa, Syria.)

Contributions collected for the teach-
ing fund must be used for teaching.
Likewise contributions collected for the
Mashrekol-Azkar must be used for the
Ma-shrekol-Azkar. These two must not
be mixed.
Convey thou on my behalf the fatherly
greeting to Katherine Ferguson and
say: ask God to confirm and guide
your brother and sister of Whom you
have Written in your letter. Convey
thou the utmost respect to Mr. Chap-
man. Appreciate thou him for he be-
came the cause of thy everlasting life
and thou hast become of the people of
the Kingdom. This is thy real father."
Upon thee be El-Baha-el-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
P. maid-servant of God, Zec-
nat, is permitted to come. Be very kind
to Hasheim Zadeh and give him the
Message and Bahai literature.
(Dated at Haifa, September 20th,
1919.)
 ii.
ELLA QUANT
To the maid-servant of God, Ella Quant,
New York City, N. Y.--Upon her be
El-Abha!
Is 
thou daughter of the Kingdom!
Thy letter was received. It was indic-
ative of thy attendance at the Conven-
tion where thou hast witnessed the

