l08 STAR OF THE VVEST
Lord has forgiven me, and made me the
sign of mercy in the World of light."
As to the turning of the colored race
to the praise-Worthy station: This is a
matter that was promised in the Scrip-
tures and the Tablets by the affection-
ate Lord. Therefore, we have rejoiced
in the great glad tidings and We desire
that the unity may be increased between
the white and the black and the difficul-
ties vanish, so that they may become inti-
mates, strong in faithfulness, and as
brothers reclining on the couches face
to face, attracted to the manifest light.
As to your gentle daughter Parvene:
We have given her the middle name of
I-Iabibeh. It is the name of her grand-
mother.
Concerning the book of his honor
Mirza Mahmood Zargani: It is acceptable
if you translate and distribute it, espe-
cially among the friends.
As to the Chinese, Japanese and Hin-
du students: It is acceptable to receive
them into your gatherings.
Concerning the printing of the Tab-
lets and the Epistles: It is conditioned
and depends upon the opinion of the
Executive Board of the Convention, so
that it may not be the cause of disturb-
ing the minds.
Every latest order (new) should be
acted upon because the general condi-
tions vary and change; therefore, a new
order is issued to readjust the old order.
As to the STAR OF THE WEST: It is
better if the English is mixed With the
Persian. His honor l\/Iirza Ahmad Soh-
rab has acquired skilfulness in the Per-
sian in these later days.
As to all the epistles and the books per-
taining to the Cause: They must be
under the management of the Executive
Board of the Convention. But have ye
consideration for Miss Mary _Lesch.
As to the souls Whose consciences are
clarified, Whose secrets are sweetened,
who have become assured in the mention
of their Lord, Who have sincerely turned
their faces to God and Who have trav-
eled in the East of the earth and its
VVest, its South and its North for the
diffusion of the fragrances of God,
unquestionably the merciful confirma-
tions, the divine assistance shall reach
them under all conditions and circum-
stances. Joy be unto the souls who help
this illumined group and spiritual party.
As to the Epistles, The Mysterious
Forces of Cwilizatiovi and the Travel-
er's Verily, they are the
important epistles Which vivify and civ-
ilize the souls and educate them With the
best virtues and the best of politics.
Therefore, attach ye to them great im-
portance, and ye, ye Who are noble, do
not Waste your time in discussions that
are useless and from Which no benefit can
be obtained; it is encumbent upon ye to
elevate the Word of God and to spread
the fragrances of God.
In these days a letter Was received
from his honor Ibn Asdak, saying that
he had sent you articles in order that
they be published in the STAR or TI-IE
their distribution is acceptable.
'Convey my greetings and my longing
to all the friends in that country of the
vast regions.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(April 25th, 1919.)
As to thy inquiry about traveling to
nearby towns out of Chicago for the
promulgation of the divine teachings:
It is acceptable if thou dost continue i11
this Work.
As to the House of Spirituality: It
is the name for the group, the commit-
tee, and it is the best of all the names.
Convey my greeting and praise to
the maid-servant of God, Mrs. Grace An-
derson, and say unto her: "Verily, I
bury my face in the dust of supplica-
tion and invocation and I pray for thee
to God to make thee free from every
hindrance and attachment in the life
of this World, so that thou mayest be
clothed with the garment of holiness in
the Kingdom of Aloha, and become sanc-

