134- STAR OF THE WEST
tion, one or more for distribution, one
for bound copies, that would help the
editors increase the number of pages.
The Convention unanimously endorsed
Mr. Windust's suggestions.
The Saturday session closed with a re-
union of the Chicago friends which fill-
ed many eyes with tears and every heart
with joy. They adjourned to celebrate
that divinest blessing "the night of
unity." And now that this unity is re-
established they pray that they may be
worthy to become, as the Master says,
"the heart of America."
The Cnvention closed with a splen-
didly attended congress on Sunday with
the following program:
3:30 p. m. Address: "How 
LLAH, 50 years ago, laid the Foun-
dation for a League of Nations."
Albert Vail
Address: "The Covenant for the
Most Great Universal
Peace among Races, Nations and
Religions." Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi
7:30 p. m. Address: "The Divine
Method of preventing Social Revo-
lutions and establishing Economic
Justice." Howard Ives
Address: "Education for the New
the Universal Educa-
tor comes, How shall we know
Him?"
Harlan F. Obcr, Ahmad Sohrab.
Eighth Annual Feast of Commemoration
BY MAR.THA L. Roor
HE Mystery of God, Abdul-Baha,
the living Center of the Covenant
on earth today, filled and thrilled all
hearts at the eighth annual feast held in
West Englewood, N. -J., June 28th, 1919.
Bahais know Abdul-Baha as "The
Branch" foretold in our Bible. On
this feast day of his commemora-
tion it was significant that the peace of
the world was signed. New York's
bells and whistles rang wild with demon-
strations of joy.
Rain and cold had prevailed in the
morning, but the sun shone out gloriously
warm and bright as some 150 pilgrims
assembled. This Eden-like pine grove
where Abdul-Baha in 1912 gave his
first feast to eastern believers, is a nat-
ural, living temple of forest charm and
woodsy fragrance. Thrushes fearlessly
sung there in the heavenly atmosphere.
Joyous Bahais brought food for them-
selves and others, for both dinner and
supper. It was a holy feast. Rays of
the Holy Spirit reflected the light and
love of and Abdul-Baha
upon the polished mirrors of hearts.
Faces were full of light; the happiness
of everybody made the woods vibrant.
Just as in the days of pentacost there
was spoken the one tongue~--love.
Certainly it was a cosmopolitan feast.
They were gathered from nearly every
"kindred, and tongue, and people, and
nation." English, French and Ger-
mans were represented. A professor of
the Imperial University of Tokyo, so-
journing in this country, gave a splen-
did talk on spiritual advancement in his
land. A Serbian writer, in his speech
explained that although he spoke eight
European languages fluently, it was
only through Esperanto he could com-
municate with his brothers in Japan and
China. He advocated Esperanto as the
universal language and said that Abdul-
Baha's life was well known in 107 Esper-
anto periodicals because Abdul-Baha
stood for a universal language, urging
the adoption of Esperanto as the uni-
versal tongue. A Scandinavian scholar
present has since translated the blue
booklet descriptive of the Cause into
Danish. A Jewish woman spoke elo-
quently of the uplift to womanhood this
Bahai Movement had brought. Several
Bahais on their way to other states and
countries to teach the Cause were guests.

