STAR OF THE WEST 309
continent of Australia, New Zcaland, Tasmania, also to Japan, Asiatic Russia,
Korea, French Indo-China, Siam, Straits Settlements, India, Ceylon and
Afghanistan, most great results will be forthcoming. How good would it be
were there any possibility of a commission composed of men and women, to
travel together through China and Japan,--so that this bond of love may be-
come strengthened, and through this going and coming they may establish the
oneness of the world of humanity, summon the people to the Kingdom of God
and spread the teachings.
Similarly, if possible, they should travel to the continent of Africa, Canary
Islands, Cape Verde Isl.ands, Madeira Islands, Reunion Islands, St. Helena,
Zanzibar, Mauritius, etc., and in those countries summon the people to the King-
dom of God and raise the cry of: "Ya-Baha-E1-Abha They must also upraise
the flag of the oneness of the World of humanity in the island of Madagascar.
Books and pamphlets must be either translated or composed in the languages
of these countries and islands, to be circulated in every part and in all directions.
It is said that in South Africa, a diamond mine has been discovered. Al-
though this mine is most valuable, yet after all it is stone; Perchance, God will-
ing, the mine of humanity may be discovered and the brilliant pearls of the
Kingdom be found.
In brief, this world-consuming war has set such a confiagration to the
hearts that no word can describe it. In all the countries of the world the longing
for universal peace is taking possession of the consciousness of men. There is
not a soul Who does not yearn for concord and peace. A most wonderful state
of receptivity is being realized. This is through the consummate wisdom of
God, so that capacity may be created, the standard of the oneness of the world
of humanity be upraised, and the fundamentals of universal peace and the
divine principles be promoted in the East and the I/Vest.
Therefore, ye believers of God! Show ye an effort and after this War
spread ye the synopsis of the divine teachings in the British Isles, France,
Germany, Austria-Hungary, Russia, Italy, Spain, Belgium, Switzerland, Norway,
Sweden, Denmark, Holland, Portugal, Roumania, Serbia, Montenegro, Bulgaria,
Greece, Andora, Liechtenstein, Luxemburg, Monaco, San Marine, Balearic Isles,
Corsica, Sardinia, Sicily, Crete, Malta, Iceland, Faroe Islands, Shetland Islands,
Hebrides and Orkney Islands.
'In all these countries, like unto the morning stars shine ye from the horizon
of guidance. Up to this time ye have displayed great magnanimity, but after
this, ye must add a thousand times to your effort and throughout the above
countries, capitals, islands, meetings and churches, invite mankind to the King-
dom of Abha! The circle of your exertion, must become widened. The more
it is broadened and extended, the greater will be your confirmation.
Ye have observed that while Abdul-Baha was in theiutmost bodily weakness
and feebleness, While he was indisposed, and had not the power to move--not-
withstanding this physical state he traveled through many countries, in Europe

