118 STAR OF THE WEST
until recently, it Was a period known
as the "times of the Gentiles." And now
the Gentile age has ended.
It would seem then that the civiliza-
tions founded by such great Manifesta-
tions on the supernatural or divine plane
have birth and death. But they fore-
saw, as Well as the prophets and disciples
who carried on their teachings, that a
time would come when the spiritual
Kingdom they had helped to prepare
mankind for would become manifest in
its fullness. They foresaw a time when
the spiritual Kingdom set up would not
fall.
Isaiah gave Word pictures of that
promised age. Daniel said, "In the days
of these kings, the God of heaven shall
set up a kingdom that shall never be
destroyed," and "it Would stand for-
ever." Jesus holds forth t.his same
promise in his teachings and in the
Lord's his disciples
and followers pray for the coming of the
Father and His Kingdom on earth, that
the Fa/ther's will should be done on
earth, and that His Kingdom should
have the power and the glory forever.
In reality, the civilizations of Moses,
Christ and Mohammed did not die, but
were rather the different phases of prep-
aration for the final accomplishment
by "Him Whose right it is," for these
great Manifestations of the Will and
Word of God in this phenomenal World,
were bound together by a Covenant.
Each spoke of the other. Moses spoke
of Christ, not mentioning the name, but
telling of his coming; Christ spoke of
Mohammed, not mentioning the name,
but telling of his coming. And all spoke
of the coming of the Great One who
should appear in the latter time, "King
of Kings and Lord of Lords." This
Covenant is the bond between this Great
One and those Who prepared the way
for His coming. This is the mysterious
force that binds the religionists of the
former Manifestations to the Great Man-
ifestation today, 
That Covenant has been fulfilled and
its door of bounty opened to all on
earth through the appearance of 
the Glory of God. As Isaiah
said, "the Glory of the Lord shall be
revealed and all flesh shall see it to-
gether' '-that is, universally.
This is the Day of the Lord. This is
the day when the Kingdom of heaven
has been established on earth. Its power
is here. Its mysterious force is creating
a new civilization, a divine civilization
that shall not be overthrown and it
shall stand forever. That mysterious
force has drawn us here from all parts
of the continent to be present at this
meeting, and that same force is uniting
the hearts of men everywhere. This
force is reconstructing civilization.
When Abdul-Baha, the son of Bani'-
Was in America in 1912, he saw
the particular phases necessary for the
spiritual reconstruction of this Western
World. Most of us are familiar with the
principles he laid down, expounded, elab-
orated, made clear to the minds of the
peoples of the est. Other speakers will
undoubtedly elaborate them here in this
Congress before it closes. I will just
outline them:
taught the actual one-
ness of the religions of the world, the
oneness of all humanity, the universal
brotherhood of man, universal peace;
the perfect harmony of religion and
science. He enjoined men to search
diligently for truth and to abolish all
prejudices, religions, national, racial,
social. proclaimed the equality of the
sexes, commanded equal educational ad-
vantages for both, besides vast equitable
social readjustments, the equalization of
the means of livelihood and the com-
plete establishment of justice among
men. He proclaimed the urgency of
a universal language to bring men into
closer fellowship and mutual under-
standing. He emphasized the incum-
bency of a Parliament of uni-
versal tribunal of justice or arbitration
for the adjustment of international af-
fairs. And, unequivocally, he taught the

