STAR OF THE WEST 121
various religions of the world these con-
tributions come. From all the various
continents. One year I was very much
embarrassed because in giving my report
I had to say that all of the continents
had contributed to the Mashreko-1-Azkar
except South America, and just before
I left for San Francisco that year, South
America arose with a contribution, the
wife of the owner of a large coffee plan-
tation in Brazil, sending a contribution to
the Mashrekol-Azkar, so that with the
greatest joy I could say at that conven-
tion that all of the continents had con-
tributed to the Maslirekol-Azkar.
I want to give you the Bahai defini-
tion of the house of worship or church;
so that you may see why we call this
the- Universal House of Worship. Ab-
dul-Baha has so beautifully defined these
things. There was a believer who wrote
to Abdul-Baha, because she was a incin-
ber of the church, and this is what
Abdul-Baha Wrote to her:
maid-servant of God, what thou
hast written has been perused and its
contents became manifest. Thou hast
questioned, how thou canst accept this
divine Cause. Thou art a member of
the church. Know thou that in the day
of the manifestation of Christ many
souls became portionless or deprived
from the favor of God because they
were the members of the holy of liolies
in Jerusalem. According to that incin-
bership they became veiled fro-in that
brilliant Beauty. Therefore, turn thy
face to the Church of God which con-
sists of divine instructions and merci-
ful exhortations, for what siinilitude is
there between the church of stone and
cement and the celestial Holy of o-lies?
Endeavor that thou niayest enter in this
Church of God."
Abdul-Baha gave a marvelous talk in
the Church of the Ascension here in
New York, giving definition of the
church, of what the Bahais mean by the
church. He says the church is a place
where people of differing sorts and di-
vergent tendencies, where all races and
nations, may come together in a coven-
ant of permanent fellowship. In a
temple of the Lord, in the house of
God, man must be submissive to God.
He must enter into a covenant with his
Lord in order that he shall obey his
commands and become unified with his
fellow man. He must not consider di-
vergence of races nor differences of
nationalities. He must not view varia-
tion in denomination and creed. He
should look upon all mankind and rea-
lize that all must become united and
agreed; he must recognize all as one
family, one race, one nativity, all the
servants of one God, dwelling beneath the
shelter of the mercy of one God.
\Vhen We really and truly arise and
fulfill the building of such a church as
that we will not relegate certain nation-
alities to the Chinese section, other
nationalities to the Ghetto section; we
will not separate our brothers and sis-
ters into these divisions; we will recog-
nize the oneness of all liuinanity. And
so this Mashrekol-Azkar is the universal
house of worship because it is the only
house of worship in the world except the
one at lshkabad, Russia, that does really
carry out these teachings.
Regarding the Mashrekol-Azkar and
its accessories, Abdul-Baha said to Mr.
and Mrs. Holbach, of London, England:
"When these institutions, college, hos-
pital, hospice, and establishments for
the incurables, the university for the
study of the higher sciences and giving
post-graduate courses, and other philan-
thropic buildings, are built, its doors
will be open to all the nations and to
all religious. There will be drawn abso-
lutely no line of demarcation. Its char-
ities will be dispensed irrespective of
color and race. Its gates will be flung
to mankind, prejudice toward none, love
for all: the central building will be
devoted to the purpose of prayer and
worship. Thus for the first time reli-
gion will become harmonized with science
and science will be the hand-inaid of
religion, both showering their material

