106 STAR OF
for in these years of agitation hearts
were in anxiety and affliction. This uni-
versal storm was so bewildering, so ter-
rific, so frightful that reason could not
conceive that this oppressed people would
be protected and safe in all countries.
This is only from the decisive and ex-
traordinary power of His Highness the
Desired One--May the spirit of existence
be sacrificed to the feet of His friends!
Consider that in all countries these
oppressed people were in the hands of
tyrants; in the days of peace and con-
cord, of general tranquillity and comfort
they were without help and support, sub-
ject to every tyrant, and inflicted with
every calamity. Now, thanks to the as-
sistance and favor of the Eternal
Beauty, such a great miracle has become
manifest and clear. During the years
when all the peoples of the world were
in infinite trouble and torment, in the ut-
most distress, commanded, subjugated,
deprived a11d devoid of reason, these op-
pressed ones, through the power of the
divine teachings and of everlasting con-
firmation, were everywhere in the utmost
tranquillity a.nd composure.
What miracle greater than this"? If
any one stops to think one instant, he
will not find a greater proof.
Although Abdul-Baha had striven to
the utmost of his power in this praise-
worthy Cause prior to the declaration
of the war, and so much have we said and
spoken in connection with the lines of
conduct, but without the favor of God
we are nothing, absolutely nothing. This
brilliant victory and this remarkable
protection are exclusively ascribed to
the blessings of the Eternal Beauty--
May my spirit be a sacrifice to His
friends !~otherwise human power is ab-
solutely impotent. The tastes and incli-
nations of the people of Persia have de-
cidedly changed; religious habits have
disappeared and eventually unworthy
habits may prevail in Persia. But rest
assured the power of the Cause of God
shall conquer and waves from this infin-
ite sea shall surge and shall 'roll away,
THE WEST
casting out upon the shore these foams,
and verily our legions shall have the
victory.
This is What He says in explicit terms
i11 the I shmakat: "Religion is a brilliant
light and a strong fortress for the pro-
tection and comfort of the people of the
world. If the lamp of religion remains
veiled, chaos will take place, the lumi-
nary of justice and of equity, and the
sun of rest and security, will be deprived
of light. Any one who knows will ever
bear witness."
Reflect what has been perpetrated by
the miserable party in Russia! How they
have destroyed this imposing empire
and caused this mighty edifice to crumble
into dust, and at present they are in a
hopeless state. The state of affairs has
become so acute that the pure and chaste
women of Russia have brought their
complaint before the great powers of
the League of Nations, saying that this
unprincipled party is forcing us to be-
come public property. High and low,
everyone has been villified. The veil of
shame has been entirely rent asunder
and the mass of the people have attained
a stage of savagery.
Consider, that fifty years ago the
Supreme Pen foretold these events:
"Verily, our armies will have the vio-
tory." Soon they will find themselves
disappointed and at a loss and they will
have to follow the commands.
In Persia we see now the beginning of
heedlessness and the first manifestations
of neglecting religion. If this state of
things is not stopped by the power of the
divine teachings, it will soon be chaos
and distress, eternal vileness and shame.
I take refuge in God in this impossible
assumption.
The sacred Manifestations were not
known in the first cycles and the fruit of
their mission had not been discovered.
But in this spiritual age, in this divine
time the exaltation and the luminosity.
the truth and the greatness of the Cause
of God have become manifest and evident
as the sun in all regions. All wise men

