STAR OF THE WEST 133
Central States Committee, Mr. Carl
Scheffler, 56 East Congress St., Chicago.
This Central States Committee consists
of one member from each of the assem-
blies in the Central States. In a few
for the teaching fund. In these boxes
contributions might be placed.
Toward the close of the session Mr.
Windust spoke of the STAR. or THE
WE-ST, the need of a broader founda-
FRIDAY. MAY 23rd.
I0 a. m.
Road, WilmetteSATURDAY. MAY 24th.
SUNDAY, MAY 25th.
Second Bahai Teaching Convention 
of the
Central States of the United States 
to be has in 
Chicago, May 23rd to 25th, l9l9
PROGRAM
At the home of Mrs. Corinne True, 5338 Kenmore Avenue
Ratification meeting of the Eleventh Mashrelzol-Azlcar Convention
recently held in New York City.
At the Mashrelgol-Azkar Grounds, Linden Ave. and Sheridan
Celebration ol Seventy-filth Anniversary of the Dawn of the New
Era on of The Bab.
Feast of Commemoration on the Grounds.
Al Sta. fohn Hall, l8fh floor, Masonic Temple. 
IO a. First Session, Teaching Convention.
p. m. Second Session, Teaching Convention. 
Al Sis. john Hall, 31h floor. Masonic Temple. 
3:30 p. m. Address: "How Baha'o'llah, 50 years ago, laid the Foundation for
a League of Nations."
_Address: "The Covenant for the Most Great Universal
Peace among Races, Nations and Religions."
At Corinthian Hall, I 7th floor, Masonic Temple.
7:30 p. m. Address: "The Divine Method of preventing Social Revolutions
and establishing Economic Justice."
Address: "Education for the New Era--When the Universal Edu-
cator comes, How shall we hnow Him?"
Spealters horn dillerent localities.
Spealters to be announced. 

Speakers to be anounncecl.
joyous moments of divine enthusiasm for
the new campaign of teaching over two
hundred dollars was contributed for the
traveling expenses of teachers, with the
thought that much more would follow.
It was suggested that two boxes be
placed in the meetings of each assem-
bly, one for the Maskrekol-Azkar, one
tion, and the longings of its editors to
make it rise to the exalted and univer-
sal service Which the Master has destined
for this happy-starred messenger of the
West. It was suggested that contri-
butions from the friends would help it
expand its horizon. If the believers
could subscribe to two or more subscrip-

