56 STAR OF THE WEST
est notes of jubilation and the strongest
messages of hope were given by the
Bahai speakers. Truly, the world has
had no more significant gathering in its
history. And as the Tablets were read
which represent the Charter of the New
Age, and which outline in no uncertain
terms the part America is to play in the
spiritualization of the was
joy abundant and hope unbounded, to
offset all the doubt and uncertainty
which the epoch of reconstruction brings
to those lacking the spiritual insight and
the hope of the age.
Verily, the Convention of the Coven-
ant was and is unique, like the Center
of the Covenant, who was with us as
surely as the heart of each auditor--un-
seen, yet filling the body spiritual with
the very life-blood of the be
translated into deeds and actions, the
efiect of which shall never die!
Rlsroxel: to 
Rev. Aunar R. VAIL
Penna
Rrv. Howmn C. Ivm
The quotations following in this program _are extracts from
the Tablets and _Word| 0 Explanation, which are to be un-
veiled during this Congress.

FIRST SESSION BAHAI CONGRESS
9 o'clock r. M., Saturday, April 26th
Chainnan
1 Monmronr Mme, New York City
ORGAN "Ba.rcarolle..Taclzaik0w0ki
Wxnus ALLING
The Kingdom of God is like unto a fenner who comes into poumlion of I 
. of pure an virgin eoil. Heavenly need: are scattered therein, the clouds of divine
prazuidence pour down md the ray: of the Sun of Reality abuse forth.--Abdul Balm
A .
HARLAN FOSTER OBER, Cambridge, Mass.
"Purposes and Hopes of the Congress"
Hm?
Amen W. LAWRENCE
MDIZA Arman SOHBAB
"Unveiling of the Divine Plan, 
Tablet No. 1 and Tablet No. 2 to the Northeastem States.
revealed by Abdul Bahia.
I . 
Unveiling of Tablets 
MARGARET P. and Bnnrim HOLLEY 
Chairman 
i Reading of Commune appearing at the end of the Tablet 
AHMAD Somme 
Chanting of Commune in Persian 
SECOND SESSION BAHAI CONGRESS
3 o'clock P. M., Sunday, April 27th
Chairman
Brooklyn
Oncm Panwvn
WILLIS ALLING
Like unto the cu_p-bearers of eternity, turn ye round in the of mur-
hnd, the over-flowing goblets of guidnuce And intnxiente them with vine of
the Love of God.--Abdul Baha Abbas.
LOUIS G. Gnnoomr, Washington
"The Power of the Holy Spirit 
MR5. Aarzns S. Pmsons, Washington 
"Words of Baha.'o'llah"
Soncs 
Romeo Boorsmv 
Pfli-Se be to God that I-he gloomy night of ignorance hu flitted away across the 
receding ages, and the bright dawn of intelligence and wisdom in becoming visible. 
Praise be to God that the cold winter of fmnticilm and bigotry, with its chilling
and irrstionnl heterodoxy has come ho an end, and the loul rclrelhing rpring- 
time of the imperiehnble flower: l_nd hyncinths of univennl love and inlentien, bu 1
downed, perfummg all the nostril: with the sweet odor: of trust and confidenoe. 
--Abd'ul Bella 
4 5
Opening of the Convention and C0ngress--
The Feast of El-Rizwan
BY Louis G. GREGORY
THE conditions which marked the
opening of the Eleventh Annual
Mashrekol-Azkar Convention were in
every Way favorable to ideal happiness.
This season of bounty began with a
reception in Congress Hall of the Mc-
Alpin Hotel. Those receiving were the
members of the Executive Board of
Bahai Temple Unity, the Board of Nine
of the New York Assembly and repre-
sentatives of all group meetings in New
York City and the vicinity. The ex-
change of greetings and handshakes were
all so hearty and sincere as to show
traces of the eternal bond of unity. All
differences seemed so remote as to be-
long to a past age.
"Forget strangeness; gaze toward

