STAR OF THE WEST 89
have spoken, to this Bureau and all de-
tails of their work.
3. Teachers to send the names and ad-
dresses of all the liberal organizations,
clubs .and churches who would be will-
ing to have Bahai lecturers.
4. Bahai books to be placed in the li-
braries of all the important centers and
teachers to visit the diiferent libraries
and see how many books they have and
if we can supply them with more.
5. Provision to be made for the publi-
cation of literature and books to be
widely circulated in the Southern states.
6. Teachers to send the names of one or
two large newspapers in each city that
would be Willing to publish Bahai arti-
cles when sent to them.
7. reports of the Work in the
South to be published and circulated in
the STAR or THE and other chan-
nels.
8. articles containing inter-
esting news about the Cause to be sent to
important newspapers for publication.
9. Bahai writers in the South to be en-
couraged to write Bahai stories for mag-
azines and press. These stories to be
permeated with the transforming power
of and Abdul-Baha. In
this manner We can reach hundreds and
thousands that could not be reached oth-
erwise.
10. The follow-up system be developed
so that if a teacher has visited a number
of towns for a few months past another
teacher may follow him up a11d refresh
those talks with those already interested.
11. All the larger towns to be visited
and efiort be displayed to interesting one
or two in each city to open their homes
for weekly meetings and study, thus the
work may continue without interruption,
for unless we try to establish such small
centers all public work will bear no
the birds have nests--thus
when some one makes his home the nest
of the birds of paradise, people will know
where to go and how to get Bahai teach-
ings.
12. The Central Bureau for the South
to keep a card index system of all the
friends in this section and send all the
vital information regularly to the Na-
tional Bureau, thus working in unity
with that board and receiving inspira-
tion from one another.
13. There should be a school for the
training of the youth to be sent out as
teachers.
14. A Publicity Bureau to be estab-
lished.
News and Notes from the Southern Field
Charles Mason R-emey and John B.
Bassett visited a number of points in the
South, prior to the New York Conven-
tion, returning to be in attendance there.
Subsequently they returned to Wash-
ington and spent some time in local work,
visiting a number of nearby points
where addresses were given to interested
groups. They report a wonderful spirit
in the South and receptivity which is
most encouraging.
Louis G. Gregory and Roy Williams
have also been touring the Southern ter-
ritory and are still in that section.
They have visited Richmond, Virginia;
Charleston, West Virginia; Huntington,
West Virginia, and a number of other
points en route. They are sending in
lists of those interested, showing splen-
did results, and are most happy in the
Work. The following extract from Mr.
Gregory's letter describing an incident
of their trip to one of the places visited,
exhibits the spirit encountered and
shows the opportunities to be found:
"This morning we visited the Ministe-
rial Union here, Which, oddly enough in
a Southern community, combines all de-
nominations, save Catholic, and both
races. We listened with intense interest
to their discussion centering around the
question of unity, and growing out of
a proposition to have unity meetings of
the various denominations for the sum-

