140 STAR OF THE WEST
Convention and Congress which We hope
has been carried out With complete suc-
cess and great results. The Bahais in
India have also proposed to hold an
Annual Conference during the Christ-
mas season when We earnestly Wish some
of the American friends will be present
among us to add to the success of the
gathering and the joy of the friends in
India.
We are very thankful to you for send-
ing us your literature and keeping us
in touch with all the earnest doings of
the friends in America.
We have submitted a request to his
blessed Presence, Abdul-Baha, to permit
us to hold the Annual Conference. 'Ne
hope he Will graciously accord his ap-
proval to our request. We therefore
learn with special pleasure from Dr. Zia
Bagdadi's letter that a Japanese Bahai
is coming to Acca and Mr. Remey with
some other American friends to India.
This latter news is of greatest interest
to the friends in India., all of whom long
to see Mr. Remey and hear his vigorous,
inspiring addresses. His presence among
us is sure to add a special charm to the
Conference and in our opinion will be
productive of important results.
Mrs. Goodall and Dr. Zia Bagdadi
have asked me for the English tra11sla.-
tion of my book Safar Namml Mobaraka,
i. An Account of Abdul-Baha's Visit
to America. I sent a typed copy of the
translation to Mrs. Goodall and Mrs.
Cooper for correction and improvement.
I have not yet heard whether they have
received the Work. I had sent it by
registered post and a copy of the orig-
inal Persian also accompanied it. I
hope it has reached them and that they
will be pleased to expedite the work of
correction, revision and improvement so
that it may soon be published.
With prayers for the happiness of our
western brothers and Bahai greetings to
all of them, on behalf of the Assembly, I
8111
Your brother,
Mirza Ma-hmood.
LETTER FROM SYED MUSTAFA
Rangoon, Burma,
May 16, 1919.
Mrs. Corinne True,
Dear Bahai sister in the supreme serv-
ice of His great Cause.
Your kind letter dated February 7th,
1919, detailing the progress of the
Mashrekol-Azkar has given me immense
pleasure. The receipts ericlosed therein
have been forwarded to the respective
Secretaries.
We eagerly look forward, and pray
day and night for divine assistance for
the speedy completion of this historic
edifice which shall proclaim to the World
at large the marvelous fusion of the
East and Wonderful result-
of the harmonizing influence of the
teachings of This is in-
deed an achievement which will ever re-
dound to the everlasting credit of the
American people. May God crown with
eifulgent success the noble efforts of our
American brothers and sisters in this
directionl
I am confident before the World fully
recovers from the shock of the terrible
convulsion that it has just passed
through, the Mashrekol-Azkar building
in the United States will unfurl from
the summit of its high dome the flag of
universal peace, love, and unity.
The news of Mr. R=emey's ensuing visit
to India, as announced in your letter un-
der reply has caused a great rejoicing
among the friends here. The fragrance
of his kind disposition and cheerful
manners is still redolent in India and
Burma. That brother has a very loving
personality and a heart well illumined
with love and faith. We all, young and
old, Welcome this opportunity of enjoy-
ing his pleasant company once more.
It is always a great pleasure with us
to render service to our occidental
brethren and co-operate with them as
far as circumstances permit in the es-
tablishment of His Kingdom on earth,

