198 STAR OF THE WEST
men. Thus it was that on Saturday
morning, April 1, 1916, While living in
Bahjee, he revealed a beautiful Tablet
to the friends of God in the eleven "Test-
ern States, enjoining upon them to
arise and teach the Cause in all those
parts.
e-re followed the reading of the T015-
Zet received in America before the doors
of closed. I was pub-
lished in the STAR or THE Wnsr, Vol. 7,
N0. 10 and Vol. 9, N0. 14.]
When the believers in the 'Western
States received the above instructions,
they all arose to fulfill them, and I be-
lieve much preliminary teaching has
been accomplished during the past three
years. But now I bring to them an-
other Wonderful Tablet, another Magna
Charta, embodying new pictures of the
Kingdom and inciting them to continue
their work with greater faith and hope.
This second Tablet was revealed on
Thursday night, February 15, 1917, in
the room of in Acca.
Many believers Were present, and the
rain was pouring down like a torrent.
Vllhen he came to the end of the Tablet,
he looked out of the window and then
turned, saying: pray that the
heavenly bounties may descend upon the
Western States like this rainfew moments listen
attentively to the translation of this
Tablet:
TABLET
To the believers of God and the maid-servants of the Merciful in the Vllestern
States of the United States: New Mexico, Colorado, Arizona, Nevada,
California, Wyoming, Montana, Idaho, Oregon, Washington, Utah.--Upon
them be Bar-iA'o'LLAn El-Abha!
He Is God!
ye friends and the maid-servants of the Merciful, the chosen ones of the
Kingdom I
The blessed State of California bears the utmost similarity to the Holy
Land--that is, the country of Palestine. The air is in the utmost temperance,
the plain very spacious, and the fruits of Palestine are seen in that State in
the utmost of freshness and delicacy. When Abdul-Baha was traveling and
journeying through those States, he found himself in Palestine, for from every
standpoint there was a perfect likeness between this region and that State.
Even the shores of the Pacific ocean, in some instances, show perfect resem-
blance to the shores of the Holy Land-and even the flora of the Holy Land
have grown on those shores--the study of which has led to much speculation
and wonder.
Likewise in the State of California and other "Western States, Wonder-
ful scenes of the world of nature, which bewilder the minds of men, are mani-
fest. Lofty mountains, deep canyons, great and majestic waterfalls, and
giant trees are witnessed on all sides, while its soil is in the utmost fertility
and richness. That blessed State is similar to the Holy Land and that region
and that country like unto a delectable paradise, in many ways identical
with Palestine. Now just as there are natural resemblances, heavenly resem-
blances must also be acquired.

