STAR OF THE WEST 29
Whereas if thou beholdest a garden wherein multicolored flowers bloom, infinite
grace and beauty will appear therefrom.
Likewise if the world of mankind were of one color what preference would
it have? Whereas multiplicity of color is an emblem of the Power of the
Merciful.
Convey to Mrs. Beede the utmost kindness on my behalf and to Mr. Randall
the glad-tiding of the Kingdom and my utmost love to the Edsalls and Reids.
Upon thee be El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, Haifa, Palestine, January 9, 1919'.)
EMMA CARMICHAEL
To the maid-servant of God, Mrs. Emma Carmichael, Brantford, Ontario, Can-
ada.--Upon her be BAHA '0 El-Abha!
He Is God!
Your letter dated November 14, 1918, was received. From its contents it
became known that you are in Canada, and are turning your face, with a clean
and pure purpose to the Kingdom of God.
Among the inhabitants of Canada, the attracted maid-servant of God, Mrs.
Maxwell, is in reality in the utmost attraction and enkindlement. Convey my
greeting to her. I hope that, having joined hands together, you may strive for
the promulgation of divine teachings and thus be the cause of the enlightenment
of that region. Those souls of the Kingdom who are attracted in these days are
like unto a gardener, are ceaselessly sowing seeds, are bestowing growth through
the outpourings of the cloud of guidance and are heaping up piles of crops and
harvest. My prayer to God is that you may also act similarly.
Concerning what you had written about your husband, be thou not grieved
for, praise be to God, he has attained unto everlasting life and has reaped the
fruit of his existence on earth, and this is faith and the complete turning of the
face toward the Kingdom of God. This is verily everlasting health, this is
eternal comfort, this is heavenly exaltation and this is merciful bounty.
Convey on my behalf greeting and kindness to the maid-servants of God,
Mrs. Mabel Davis R-eley and Mrs. Emma Reasner. Although their two suppli-
cations have not materially arrived, yet the heart from their contents is indeed
gladdened.
Upon thee be E1-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, January 9, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)
MARTHA ROOT
To the maid-servant of God, Martha L. Root, Cambridge Springs, Pa.--Upon
her be El-Abhal
He is God!
thou enkindled with the fire of the love of God!
Your detailed letter dated November 7, 1918, was in these days received.
The contents produced great joy, for they indicated a benevolent purpose, an
untiring efiort and an extended tour around the diiferent parts of the globe.

