STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 10 Kowl 1, 75 (November Z3, 1919) No. 14-
The "Center of the Covenant"
From The Bohml Proofs, by MIRZA ABUL FAZL.
In the Name of God, the Most Holy Beauty of El-Abha!
TO the people of Faith, the clear ap-
pointment of the Center of the
Cause, after the departure [death]
of the Manifestation is
considered the most important point in
religious matters, as it is the greatest
channel which connects the servants of
Cod With holy divine truth. They are
all sure and convinced that the Center
of the Covenant is no other than His
Holiness, for, a.part from
the divine signs that were manifest in
him, clearly and implicit-
ly, verbally and in writing, directed
all of his servants to the blessed person
of ABDUL-BAHA, and, under all circum-
stances, clearly showed that he Was far
distinguished above others, in order that
all the servants should look unto him
alone, and follow his commands. For
it is only through his explanation and
decision that all discord is removed.
Consequently the Bahais appreciate the
determining of the "Appointed Center"
as the greatest of the divine providences
and account his blessed being as an im-
pregnable fortress which protects the di-
vine Religion from the doubts of the
skeptic and fanciful imaginations of
men.
But notwithstanding all this, as
foresaw, that when his
beauty of oneness was concealed under
the veils of disappearance, the people
of desire, through jealousy, would hold
to groundless doubts and suspicions and
disregard the prohibition to interpret
the Book. He, therefore, prior to his
departure, revealed the blessed 
A'hd [Book of the Covenant, the 'Will
of This he wrote, and
sealed it with his own blessed hand and
seal, in order that the darkness of dis-
cord might not again obscure the bril-
liant horizon of the Cause of God, and
the calamities and disasters which af-
flicted other religions might not over-
take this Movement. In this Book (his
Covenant) he clearly indicated that the
purpose of the "Branch extended from
the Ancient Root," revealed in the
blessed verse of Alcdas, was the "Center
of the Circle of Names," the exalted
"Branch" of the Blessed Tree of
Abha, His Holiness ABDUL-BAHA. Then
he, for the second time, enjoined,
through an unchangeable and irrefut-
able command, all his "branches,"
"twigs" (relatives), and the Bahais
Without exception, to look unto that
dawning-place of divine light, and to
know him as the source and origin of
the commands and prohibitions of the
heavenly religion. He desired, by this
clear elucidation, to counteract the
imaginations of the ignorant, extin-
guish the world-consuming flame of
jealousy and hatred of the people of
error, and guard the divine religion
from divisions and sects which are, ac-
cording to the judgment of common
sense and the clear texts of holy Tablets
of God, the most deplorable for religion
and humanity. By this he sought to
preserve the divine VVord from human
doubts, suspicions and artifices.

