STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 10 Massa'ul 1, 75 (December 12, 1919) No. 15
The Collective Center
Address by HOOPER HARRIS of New York City, delivered at the Sixth Session
of the Bahai Congress at Hotel l\;IcAlpin, New York City, Tuesday
afternoon, April 29th, 1919. Stenographically reported.
THE subject assigned to me this after-
noon is "The Collective Center." I
did not choose the subject myself, I was
asked to speak upon it.
In the great Tablet of Ishrakat, in the
Persian meaning, shining forth; in the
great Tablet of the shining forth,
says, beginning the Tablet
With this am not quoting
the Words exactly but the substance--~
"When God purposes a new creation He
first sends forth the luminous point,
the point traverses the circle and passes
through every sign, and there appears
two great orbs."
"In the beginning Was the \Vord, and
the Word Was with God, and the \Vord
was God."
The \Vord of God is that luminous
point, the desire or the Will or the
\Vord of God. He, therefore, first sends
forth His Wo1'd, His Will, and that Will
traverses the circle and these two great
orbs are produced. 'We read in the old
Testament that the earth was Without
form and void, and darkness was upon
the face of the deep, and the Spirit of
God moved upon the face of the Water
and then the creation took place. In
other words, creation is not out of n0th~
ing, as the theologians say. God has not
spoken in our own scriptures or in any
scriptures of creation er weluilo, that is
to say, creation out of nothing.
Creation is a process, is a forming,
and the process of the forming is plainly
told us if We have the to see it in
these Words of in the great
shining forth. There We have the point
and the circle, the center and the circu1n-
ference, and in the point and the circle
the center and the circumference, We
have the whole of all there is in the
science of mathematics. In the point
we have the symbol of the singleness of
God; in the circle We have the symbol
of the allness of God. Both the point
and the circle are the symbols of eternity
because you can extend the point for-
ever and ever in either direction and
never reach the end of it; you can
subdivide it forever and ever and never
reach the end of it. It is infinite in
its minuteness it is infinite in its great-
ness. The circle is the enclosure; it is
the horizon, it is the circumference. You
can go around it forever and ever and
never get to the end of it.
The point is the symbol of the Occi-
dent, the singleness of God; the circle
is the symbol of the Orient, the allness
of God, and not until the point and the
circle ineet do you have the absolute
oneness. So has taught
us the singleness and the oneness of Go-1,
and in the singleness and oneness of God

