324 STAR OF THE 
ets this day has a daytime and a night-
time. daytime signifies the days
during which the Sun of Truth is mani-
fest among people and with whose 1neet-
ing is identical with the meeting of
God, and can be attained while in the
body of flesh. Its night-time means the
duration of the time in which the Sun
of Truth is hidden in the veils of con-
cealment, and the Manifestation of God
in human form is absent from among
nations, and has ascended to the su-
preme horizon.
According to this meaning, if it be
said that the "day" of Moses was the
interval of the time between His rise in
Egypt and the appearance of His Holi-
ness Christ in the Holy Land, it is true.
During this time the laws enacted in the
Pentateuch were effective in securing
the glory and felicity of the Jews, pro-
viding they complied with those laws.
But after the appearance of Christ, nay,
even after the arising of John the Bap-
tist, this manifest efficacy was removed
from the Mosaic laws, which led to the
effacement of the felicity of the Jews.
Consider the 16th and 17th verses of
the 9th chapter of Matthew, and the
11th, 12th and 13th verses of the 11th
chapter of the same book for further
elucidation of this subtle point and you
will realize how the mysteries of the
seals of the book are opened in this
Manifestation of the Lord of Lords.
According to the standard _of the
term "day," the time between the ap-
pearance of Christ and the rising of the
ideal Sun from the horizon of the East
was 622 years; consequently, this num-
ber denotes the real "day" of His Holi-
ness Christ, during which the laws re'-
vealed in the Gospels continued effec-
tive. In multiplying the 622 by three
the result is 1,866. This shows clearly
the mystery of the hidden point con-
cerning the meaning of the three days.
For in the year 1866 A. D., which cor-
responds to 1283 A. H., the mention of
the declaration of the most holy
Beauty of Abha in the city of Adrian-
ople, was spread through different
lands; the divine call was raised, and
then the real meaning of the second de-
scending of the Spirit of God from the
heaven of divine command became
manifest and realized. In those very
days of the blessed person of the orb
of the horizons, the Center of the Cove-
nant, His Holiness 
the life of all-the creatures be a sacrifice
to Him !--was in His vcrdancy of _age,
and in the prime of youth, and His
blessed Name was spread in the world
with the titles, "The most great
Branch" and "The most excellent and
perfect Mystery of God." Then the
meanings of the Words in the 8th and
9th verses of the 3rd chapter of Zecha-
riah and the 12th and 13th verses of the
6th chapter became fulfilled and evi-
dent.
Accordingly, the essence of the mean-
ing of the resurrection after "three
days" is this: that after the lapse of
three periods of 622 years, which was
the time of the manifestations of the
lights of Christianity, the most great
Spirit of God resurrected in the Name
of from among the slum-
bering nations and the dead of the
world, and the beauty of the Branch
extended from that Ancient Root
dawned forth and appeared in that.day.
By this "resurrection" the prophecies
of the prophets and saints were all ful-
filled.
As to the third meaning of "day," in
the terminology of the Israelitish doc-
tors, each "day" is applied to a year.
This application is termed by the Jew-
ish learned men Youm, Leslum in
Hebrew, that is, "a day for a year."
Most of the Christian scholars have also
relied upon this application in their
commentaries on the Old and New Tes-
taments. Thcy have derived this point
from the 34th verse of the 14th chapter
of Numbers and 6th verse of the 4th
chapter of Ezekiel. Most of the Chris-
tian scholars and all the Jewish learned
men have based their interpretations of

