STAR OF THE WEST 269
ordering all to turn after His Ascension
to "Him who is branched from the Pre-
Existent Root" are explicitly recorded
in the Kitab-cl-Ah'd as having for their
object the Center of the Covenant. And
in another special Tablet the authentic-
ity of which is admitted by every one,
it is recorded that if the center of vio-
lation whose proper name he mentions,
deviates the least from the shadow of
the Cause, he at once loses the station of
Branchhood. How could it be more ex-
plicit? Now it must be either said that
the Blessed Beauty has done wrong and
has led the people to error for he
ordered them to obey a person who
ought not to have been obeyed, or on
the other hand it must be said that the
least deviation from the Covenant and
the Testament entails deprivation from
the 'counties of the Luminary of the
world. One of the two alternatives
must be true and there is no third one
to it.
In fine, Bahai unity cannot be pre-
served save through the Covenant of
God. Today the stirring power in the
body of the world is the Covenant, and
if this Covenant is made ineffective, What
power will be able to stir it? The state-
ment which was made orally by His Holi-
ness Christ to Peter--that "thou art
Peter, and upon this rock I will build my
church"--this declaration preserved for
a thousand years Christian unity. Af-
ter the lapse of a thousand years, due to
political questions, dissensions hap-
pened. Now, if this VVord of Christ
has preserved the unity of Christendom
for a thousand years, consider what will
be done by the Kvltala-el-Ahd which has
been revealed by the Supreme Pen.
But superficial, restless souls, who at
first were firm in the Covenant and have
written with reference to their
firmness and detachment from violators
and have considered them as outcasts
from the Threshold of the Almighty--
and these epistles are still extant--these
persons like unto Judas Iscariot, have
for personal interests and financial mo-
tives, deviated from the Covenant. They
followed the people of craft and stained
their hands with the blood of Christ.
Be admonished, ye who possess intel-
ligence!
If at all thou art firm and steadfast
in the Covenant, strengthen and fortify
thy relationships with the Convention,
and from whomsoever thou inhalest
the odor of violation, avoid his company
and keep aloof, that thou mayest remain
safe and protected under the protection
of the Covenant, and, like unto a candle,
be ignited with the light of steadfast-
ness.
I am kind to all people and do not
attack anyone. I pray on behalf of all
that all may gather under His divine
protection. This Covenant and Testa-
ment have been entered into by the
Blessed Beauty and I have not taken
any such part. Let them answer Him
and I have no objection. My duty is
to be kind to everyone; vengeance is
reserved for the Blessed Beauty and not
for myself. As I am kind to everyone,
I mention only the good characteristics
of a person and if a word is written,
the intention is the setting forth of
truth and the preservation of the relig-
ion of God, so that Bahai unity may be
preserved. If any persons desire to up-
set this unity, they are free and let
them present their answers to the Bles-
sed Beauty in the Abha Kingdom, should
He address them as follows:
ye, my friends! Have I, through
My Supreme Pen and the explicit ver-
ses of the Kitab-cl-Akdas commanded
obedience or disobedience'! Have I not
ordered the center of violation to obey
and to turn his face (towards Him)?
Why have ye turned away from My
manifest and irrefutable Center? I
have given the command to turn your
faces toward Him, how have ye turned
away? Why have ye upset Bahai
unity?"
What will they answer?
The friends must be very attentive
and then whatever they deem advisable,

