STAR OF THE WEST 59
It must solve the problem of economics
and carry divine healing, sympathy into
mills, factories and crowded streets.
Good hearts are most essential. If
favored but unloving hearts remain heed-
less the structure of the world will be
destroyed. It is hoped that the Bahai
Movement will renew and rear the struc-
ture of the divine civilization.
Mr. Albert Martin, president of the
of his being. Unity is the master Word
of the hour. The Parliament of Religions
may be forgotten but the Bahai Day is
the sublime horizon beyond sectarian
boundaries. It is not a sect but a fellow-
ship. It appeals to all sects. It is not
an organization but the triumph of
Truth.
Rev. Dr. W. N. Guthrie, rector of St.
Marks-in-the-Bouwerie, a church which
"Ballade . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. .Haauloma
Anna W. 
2
M11114 AHMAD Sorman
"Unveiling of the Divine Plan"
Tablet No. 1 and Tablet No. 2 to Canada,
revealed by Abdul Baha
ORGAN
Unveiling of Tablets-
MARY MAXWELL and Euzuanm 
Chairman
Reading of Commune appearing at the end of the Tablet
Mmza AHMAD SOHRAB
Chanting of Commune in Persian
ELEVENTH ANNUAL MASHREKOL-AZKAR
CONVENTION
10 o'clock A. M., Tuesday, April Q9th
SIXTH SESSION BAHAI CONGRESS
3 o'clock P. Mn, Tuesday, April 29th
Chairman
Rot C. New {York City
ORGAN Pnnumn
A.x.1.1No 
Patriotism is a collective center; nationalism is a collective center;  01'
interests is a collective center; political alliance is a collective oenter; the union oi
ideals is a collective center, and the pmsperity ofthe world of humaniey is depend-
ent upon the organiution and promotion of the Collective Czdters. evstheleu,
all the above institutions are in reality. the matter Ind not the substance,
accidental and not eternal--temporary and not eyed-ssting. With the appearance
of great revolutions and upheavals. all these collective centers are swept away.
Butithe Collective Center of the Kingdom. embodying the Institutes and Divine
Teachings, in the eternal Collective Center.--Ab-dul Baku Abba.
Hoornn Haunts, New York City
"The Collective Center"
Whuas formerly they were as moths, they boume royal hlcons and Iluezeaa
before they were as bubhlu they became seas.--Abdul Balm A6601.
KINNEY, Boston, Mass.
The Demonstration of Divinity and Inspiration 
"Andante from Fifth . . . . . . . . . . . .
. .Tsckai.l:awsk1'

Mmza Ammo Sonnm
"Unveiling of the Divine Plan"
'Tablet No. 1 and Tablet No. 2, tdthe Bahai Assemblies and Meeting: of the
United States and Camda regarding the spreading of the Prineipla of Rmlity in
Niexioo, Central America, South America and the Wat Indies. Revealed by
dul Ba a.
HARP
Unveiling of Tablet
Miss Donorn! Hoax and Miss Enmnm M.-nrrm
Chairman
Reading of Commune appearing at the End of the Tablet
Mmu AHMAD Sonrurn
Chanting of Commune in Persian 
10 11
New York branch of the Ethical Society,
responded in a speech replete with bril-
liant epigrams. He took great pleasure,
he said, in his personal friendship with
the Bahais and has been a grateful stu-
dent of the teachings for twenty-seven
years. He said that some people re-
garded tolerance as the acme of spiritual
perfection. But the Bahais had a higher
virtue than tolerance; they showed ap-
preciation. Their spirit and attitude was
eclectic not polemic. They approve of
everything that enriches spiritual life.
It is the universal aspiration of faith.
Man should ever seek the upper zone
gives a home to the Bahais for a Weekly
meeting, was the next speaker. He felt
that the Bahais would be interested to
know about a statement recently made in
a. book written by a prominent Presby-
terian, Loring Brown, who wonders at
the mystery of the unknown God. He
expresses amazement that a man so
learned and wise as the Roman philoso-
pher Seneca, could have spoken of Chris-
tianity only with bitter contempt. There-
fore he questions, "How can we in our
day know that we have seen the end of
all the revelations of God?" Dr. Guth-
rie thought that sueh reflections would

