Z46 STAR OF THE WEST
MARY MORRISON
To the maid-servant of God, Mary Mor-
her be El-
Abha!
He Is God!
thou dear maid-servant of God!
When 1 was in Denver I enjoyed great-
ly the climate, the beauty and the views
of that city; and, therefore, I wished
that therein the light of the love of God
might spread, and hearts might be
stirred by lordly sentiments, and the
pavilion of the oneness of mankind
might be pitched in that city. I, there-
fore, encouraged those friends who re-
sided there, and urged them to acquire
the perfections of the world of humanity.
At present, praise be to God, the signs
of the attraction of hearts by the divine
fragrances are manifest. I rest assured,
therefore, that the perfections of man-
kind may be made resplendent in that
city, and human souls may become
heavenly angels, may acquire the charac-
teristics of the Merciful; and that thou
mayest become the sign of guidance and
the cause of the illumination of the
hearts of friends.
Upon thee be greetings and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Bahjeh, Acca, Palestine, July 22, 1919.)
CORINNE TRUE
To the maid-servant of God, Mrs. True,
Chicago, Illinois--Upon her be BAHA-
El-Abha!
He Is God!
thou Who art firm in the Covenant!
Thy letter was received. Thou hast
expressed satisfaction with the Conven-
tion, that this gathering has been the
means of the elevation of the Cause of
God and the demonstration of the power
of His Word. The greatness of the
Cause will clear away these differences
and may be compared to health in the
body of man, which when established
cures all diseases and Weakness. Our
hope is that no trace of opposition may
remain, but some of the friends in
America are restless in their fresh am-
bitions and strive and seek under the
ground and in the air to discover any-
thing that breeds dissension.
Praise be to God, all these doors are
closed in the Cause of for
a special authoritative Center has been
appointed--a Center that solves all dif-
ficulties and clears up every problem.
The Central House of Justice, likewise,
disentangles every complication and
Whatever it prescribes must be accepted
and he who transgresses is rejected; but
this Universal House of Justice, which
plays the role of an expounder, has not
yet been instituted. Thus it is seen
that no means for dissension has been
left, but carnal desires are the cause of
difference as it is the case with the
violators. These do not doubt the validi-
ty of the Covenant, but selfish motives
have dragged them to this condition. It
is not that they ignore what they do--
they are perfectly aware and still they
exhibit opposition.
In short, the ocean of the Covenant
is tumultuous and wide. It casts ashore
the foam of violation and thus rest ye
assured. Be engaged in the furtherance
of the Mashrekol-Azkar and prepare the
means for the diffusion of the divine
fragrances. Be not engaged in any-
thing but this, for it would dissipate the
mind and the Work Would not advance.
Convey on my behalf the utmost kind-
ness to thy respected daughters.
Upon thee and upon them be Baha-
El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Bahjeh, Acca, Palestine, July 24, 1919.)

AGNES ALEXANDER
To the maid-servant of God, Miss Agnes
Alexander, care of his honor, Mr.
Joseph I-Iannen, Washington, D. C.-
Upon her be El-Abha!
Is God!
thou daughter of the Kingdom!
Thy letters were received. The journey

