284- STAR OF THE WEST
overcome all other considerations that the variety of hues, fragr.ances and tastes
have increased the adornment, the attraction and sweetness of the whole. In a
similar manner, when the divine Collective Center and the outpouring of the
Sun of Reality and the breaths of the Holy Spirit are brought together, the
variety of races and the differences existing between countries will become the
cause of the embellishment, decoration and elegance of the world of humanity.
Therefore, the believers of God throughout all the Republics of America,
through the divine power, must become the cause of the promotion of heavenly
Teachings and the establishment of the oneness of humanity. Every one of the
important souls must arise, blowing over all parts of America the breath of life,
conferring upon the people a new spirit, baptizing them with the fire of the love
of God, the water of life, and the breaths of the Holy that the
second birth may become realized. For it is written in the Gospel: "That
which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of the spirit is spirit."
Therefore, ye believers of God in the United States and Canada! Select
ye important personages, or that they go themselves, becoming severed from rest
and composure of the world, may arise and travel throughout Alaska, the
Republic of Mexico, and South of Mexico, in the Central American Republics,
such as Guatemala, Honduras, Salvador, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama and
Belize; and through the great South American Republics, such as Argentine,
Uruguay, Paraguay, Brazil, French Guiana, Dutch Guiana, British Guiana,
Venezuela, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia and Chile; also in the group of the West
Indies islands, such as Cuba, Haiti, Porto Rico, Jamaica and Santo Domingo,
and the group of the islands of the Lesser Antilles, the islands of Bahama and
the islands of Bermuda; likewse to the islands of the east, west and south of
South America, such as Trinidad, Falkland Islands, Galapagos Islands, Juan
Fernandez and Tobago. Visit ye especially the city of Bahia, on the eastern
shore of Brazil. Because in the past years this city was christened with the
name, "Bahia," there is no doubt that it has been through the inspiration of the
Holy Spirit.
Consequently, the believers of God must display the utmost effort, upraise
the divine melody throughout those regions, promulgate the heavenly Teach-
ings and waft over all, the spirit of eternal life; so that those Republics may
become so illumined with the splendors and the effulgences of the Sun of Reality
that they may become the objects of the praise and commendation of all other
countries. Likewise, ye must give great attention to the Republic of Panama,
for in that point the Occident and the Orient find each other united through
the Panama Canal, and it is also situated between the two great oceans. That
place will become very important in the future. The Teachings once established
there, they will unite the East and the West, the North and the South.
Hence the intention must be purified, the effort ennobled and exalted; so
that ye may establish affinity between the hearts of the world of humanity. This
glorious aim will not become realized save through the promotion of divine
Teachings which are the foundations of the holy religions.
Consider how the religions of God served the world of humanity! How the
religion of Torah became conducive to the glory and honor and progress of the
Israelitish nation! How the breaths of the Holy Spirit of His Holiness Christ
created affinity and unity between divergent communities and quarreling

