STAR OF THE WEST 187
I think often as I look forward to the
future and the day when I lay my head
down for its final sleep in this world
and I hope its lovely awakening in the
next world, I may be able to look back
and say at least, in the last days of my
life I remembered that I was careful
not to grieve those who were next to
me. I was careful to spread love as
fully and as freely as possible in my
passage of life. And you know that is
concerned in this word conduct. That
is concerned in this word service, in the
word that is constantly on the lips of
Abdul-Baha and which he is not willing
to use just as service, but which he turns
again and again into that more power-
ful word of servitude, which some of
us come to know very well. Indeed, in
these days of our existence that word
servitude which imprisons us until the
fleshly desire has fallen away from us,
the desire for domination, the desire for
supremacy, the desire to be the chief one
in any place, is our salvation. And pre-
sently, when our servitude has been long
and has been harsh and has been very
severe, until our limbs are torn with the
chains that bind us, what has happened
to us? Why, a strange freedom has
come, in which light blazes about us
and fragrance is in our nostrils and a
heavenly voice sounds through our ears,
saying, "My beloved servant, thou hast
done well." When you hear that voice,
you know what happens to us, because
it has happened to you many times.
You know that you say to yourself, "Let
the servitude be doubled, let it even
never end, so that I may hear again
those wonderful and lovely words that
concern not my life here alone but all
the everlasting life that stretches for-
ever beyond us and is so different from
this one, that when we have once had
the tiniest glimpse of it everything in
this life must necessarily fall into com-
plete insignificance."
There is a beautiful story that Abdul-
Ba.ha tells us in his book The 
Forces of Civilisation. It is a wonder-
ful story and an eloquent story, a uni-
versal story, as are all the stories which
Abdul-Baha tells us, and he tells of how
a king in Arabia was like many kings,
given to satisfaction of his impulses and
his appetites, and one day, satisfying his
appetite, he fell desperately drunk, so
not knowing what he did, suddenly
commanded the execution of two men
that he loved best in the world, and,
because his word was law, his command
was obeyed immediately, and the heads
of his faithful servants were stricken
off. In the morning when he realized
how faithfully the commands of his ob-
durate and unobstructed will had been
fulfilled, in that morning his soul could
not contain the anguish that possessed
him at his own wretched conduct, and
so, out of ignorance and out of his stu-
pidity, he issued another decree even
worse than the first one. He said, 
will build me two houses and on the
anniversary of the death of these two
men whom I have slain I will sit be-
tween these two houses and whoever
comes to me 011 one side shall be slain
in memory of those whom I slew ig-
norantly, and whoever comes to me on
the other side shall be granted the de-
sire of his heart." So it happened that
the king in traveling about the world
had a most lovely and beautiful experi-
ence, because that is the grace of
heaven to us, you know, that in the
height of our foolishness, and of our
self-indulgence, the refreshing draughts
of divine ichor fall into our parched
lips, and we know we are not forgotten
of heaven. So he came hunting alone
and forlorn, and having lost his com-
panions, he arrived at the house of a poor
sheik of the desert, who had little in
his place to eat, but who received the
king with the hospitality which was his
habit, and seating him at his table he
said to his wife, "See the little kid that
we have, although it is the last one, kill
it and prepare it and bring it to our
guest, everything that we have," So
they put it all before him on the simple

