298 STAR OF THE WEST
cannot be acceptable as a complete
remedy.
Likewise the minimum wage law.
Originally intended to assist the poorest
paid Women very high ideal
brought it forth--it Was found, in many
typical cases, that the moment it was
put into operation these needy ones be-
came the victims of the law, Wholesale
unemployment resulting in factories and
in stores. In my own state of Massachu-
setts, trom the moment the minimum
Wage decrees Went into effect in certain
industries, hundreds of girls Were dis-
charged by their employers, who said,
"If We must pay a high Wage, We will
see that We get the very most efficient
service, and you to Whom we have been
paying a low Wage are not able to earn
this, therefore you must go out in the
when that condition was
brought home to some of the advocates
of the law, they said, it is true it is in-
evitable, but, they said "No Wages is
better than low Wages. Does this sound
reasonable"! And yet these are the high-
est expressions and attempts of Ameri-
can and English legislation to meet this
tremendous question which is on the
tongues of every one, which is respon-
sible for the risings in Russia, which is
responsible for the famine in Europe,
Which is responsible for the breadlines in
New York.
'We as Bahais, nay the Whole World,
have been given a complete and detailed
remedy by the heavenly law-giver. Wliy,
then, do We reach out to the theories
and imaginations or the disputes of
theorists in Russia or anywhere else?
Their protest is sound. They need the
divine help. They need proper legisla-
tion. They need kindness. They need
brotherhood and all the high elements
of life, but the remedy they offer and
the means they use is the remedy of
force and violence, is the remedy, at
times, of assassination, is the remedy of
ignorance, is the remedy of a class sys-
tem, simply substituting a class control
by a certain part of the Workers for the
former class control by the Czar and his
nobles. This limited remedy cannot
surely be acceptable in'this divine plan
because Abdul-Baha has said, "Force
is not acceptable, you cannot obtain these
remedies by force," he says. It must
be done through love, it must be done
through justice, it must be done through
the inclusion of every class, for, as he
said to the Socialists, "There must al.-
Ways be the captain ofiindustry, the
general, as he called him, the captain,
the private, and lieutenant in the body
of humanity."
You cannot level mankind. You can-
not equalize mankind in that sense be-
cause it is contrary to the inherent crea-
tive elements with which man has been
endowed by God Himself, the law of
variant capacities. These theories which
We are hearing from all quarters are the
theories of desperation and of imagina-
tion; they are theories which ignore ab-
solutely the law of unity so Wonderfully
set forth in the Bahai teachings, Which
show that the body of humanity is even
as the body of a man. Abdul-Baha. says,
in substance, "The body of humanity
is stretched on the bed of severe dis-
ease, almost perishing, and only the
divine physician can save it." That is,
the diagnosis and prescription of that
I-Ioly One alone can .raise this patient,
desperately ill, into health.
Among the theories of the controlling
Russian element today is one ignoring
certain classes. For instance, they say,
"\Ve Will_ not have the bourgeois have
any part or share in government," yet
the bourgeois, as We know them in this
country, are frequently the eyes and the
ears and the brain, We Will say, or some
other important function of the body
politic, not more important, not more
necessary than the other organs, but
necessary. The truest and most divine
government is that Which co-relates, most
closely to the divine type of the com-
posite man, the Various functions of that
body as represented by the varying ca-
paoities of the individuals and groups

