62 STAR OF THE WEST
of Christ and showed what wonderful
results had been accomplished by those
earnest souls who were his disciples and
who took up the responsibility of en-
lightening the world by conveying his
message. Even greater results are to be
accomplished in this the Day moved to a greater efficiency
in service.
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab followed with his
first address, after which, to the soulful
and sweet music of the harp and amid
surroundings of beauty and fragrance,
the Tablets to the Northeastern States
were unveiled. Margaret P. Randall and
Bertha Holley drew aside the curtains
showing the Tablet in Persian beauti-
fully embossed and framed. Beneath
the Tablet was seen a colored map of
the Northeastern States, the section ad-
dressed. The reading of the commune
at the end of the Tablet and its chant-
ing in Persian by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
concluded, brought to a close an evening
of sustained interest and great impres-
siveness.
Address by Mr. Alfred Martin, of New York
Delivered at the Feast of El-Rizwan, Hotel McAlpin, New York City, Saturday
evening, April 26th, 1919. Stenographically reported.
MEMBER-S and fellow friends of
the Bahai Movement: I Want, at
the outset, to express the very genuine
pleasure it gives me to be here tonight.
Among the many reasons that I might
cite for the feeling of that pleasure is
not only the personal friendship I have
enjoyed with the men to whom your pre-
siding officer has just referred, but also
because I have been for the last twenty-
seven years a very sympathetic and
grateful student of the Bahai teaching.
If you were to ask me what there is in
this Movement that has drawn me to it,
that makes such a peculiarly powerful
appeal, I should say, in the first place,
that it stands for appreciation, the no-
blest Word in the vocabulary of the hu-
man soul, a Word which represents some-
thing far nobler than even tolerance,
though in the judgment of so many peo-
ple this is still regarded as the very
acme of spiritual attainment. Toler-
ance is "the willing consent to have
other people hold opinions different
from your own." I quote the definition
as given by the lamented Phillips
Brooks. Tolerance always seems to me
to have a certain measure of concession
about it. We tolerate What we cannot
help and would put out of the Way if We
could. Tolerance always implies a cer-
tain measure of patronizing condescen-
sion. The man Who tolerates is very apt
to assume an air of spiritual conceit, or
superiority, which is inevitably and ir-
resistibly spurned. I cannot agree with
those who think that tolerance is the
loveliest flower on the rose-bush of lib-
eralism. Rather should I say that that
loveliest flower is described only by the
word appreciation, for that is the spirit
which is dissatisfied with tolerance, which
is altogether out of patience with mere
forbearance and which blushes at perse-
cution.
Appreciation is the spirit which takeS
the eclectic rather than the polemical
attitude toward every great teacher and
it is this characteristic in your Bahai
Movement, I say, that primarily drew
me toward it and caused it to make so
strong an appeal. You bow before every
master be he Zoroaster, Jesus, the Bud-
dha, Mohammed, or any other that may
be named. If I understand you aright,
you go to these great teachers, not in a
controversial but in a teachable spirit,
asking of each one, "What have you to
oifer that we can borrow toward the en-
richment and enhancement of the spir-
itual life?"
I take it that you in your Movement
look upon the 137 sects into which the

