318 STAR OF THE WEST
The two gatherings which ye had held will. Fate and predestination are the
in Philadelphia wherein the friends of
God have been present as well as new-
comers to the Cause, these two meetings
are highly acceptable in the divine King-
dom and have been praised and extolled.
The hope is entertained that advantag-
eous results may be derived, that is to
say, whenever a favorable occasion pre-
sents itself, such meetings may be again
held.
As to the children with whom thou
are speaking, thy pure breath will un-
doubtedly exert its influence upon them.
Upon thee be Baha-El-Aloha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA Aeeas.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbflilli
Haifa, Palestine, July 16th, 1919.)
MARIA REBECCA ROBERTSON
To the maid-servant of God, Maria Re-
becca Robertson, New York 
Upon her be El-Abba!
He Is God!
thou daughter of the Kingdom!
Thy letter was received. Formerly I
have met thee and have given thee cer-
tain admonitions with the utmost kind-
ness. Undoubtedly thou bearest them 11'!
mind. At present, moreover, I am writ-
ing thee an answer. Consider how kind
I am that I desire thee to become related
to the Kingdom, lordly, merciful, il-
lumined and one of the heavenly an-
gels. Such are my admonitions.
Upon thee be Baha-El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Aesas.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Haifa, Palest.ine, July 16th, 1919-)

HELEN VVHITNEY
To the maid-servant of God, Helen
Whitney, Portland, Oregon-Upon
her be El-Abha!
Is God!
thou daughter of the Kingdom!
Thy letter was received. Thou hast
asked about fate, predestination and
necessary and indispensable relation-
ships which exist in the realities of
things. These relationships have been
placed in the realities of existent beings
through the power of creation and every
incident is a consequence of the neces-
sary relationships. For example, God
has created a relation between the sun
and the terrestial globe, that the rays of
the sun should shine and the soil should
yield. These relationships are predesti-
nation, and its manifestation on the
plane of existence is fate. Will is that
active force which controls these rela-
tionships and these incidents. The epi-
tome of the explanation of fate and pre-
destination is this. I have no time for
a detailed explanation. Ponder over
this. The reality of fate, predestina-
tion and will will be made manifest.
As to thy presence in the Holy Land,
at present travel is diflicult. Postpone it
until the time when it is made easy.
Upon thee be El~Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Haifa, Palestine, July 18th, 1919.)
EDGAR VVAITE
To his honor, Mr. Edgar Vllaite, Los
Angeles, him be
El-Abha!
He Is God!
thou who art turning thy face to the
divine Kingdom!
Thy respected wife has written a let-
ter and has praised thy character and
thy conduct; thou hast become lordly,
illumined, attracted to the Kingdom,
hast secured a share and portion from
the breaths of the Holy Spirit, hast at-
tained unto everlasting life, and hast
been gladdened and filled with joy. She
has also sent the poem which she com-
posed in praise of the Convention. Veri-
ly, the verses were in the utmost elo-
quence and sweetness, and were the
cause of the gladness of their hearers.
I hope that through the bounties of God

