136 STAR OF THE WEST
Persia, India, Japan, New Zealand and
Egypt. Notwithstanding that he has
carefully perused your letters and will
in due course reveal Tablets in answer.
From India refreshing and encourag-
ing news is being received. The Bahai
work is assuming great proportions, is
being centralized and is receiving a great
impetus from the unccasing and well-
directed activities of friends. An annual
consultative Bahai Convention for the
friends of India (including Burma) is
to be convened this coming Christmas
and lnany pamphlets have been edited,
compiled and distributed as an intro-
duction and preliminary step for this
great representative assemblage. In
short, the friends are stirred and active
and are convinced that an increase of
energy on their part, a fresh outburst of
zeal and ar-dor and efficient service to
the Cause of God will draw Abdul-Baha
to their shores. What is significant and
alluring is the intimation of the Be-
loved himself that he is planning and
thinking of such a journey across the
Indian Ocean. He even declared that, God
willing, he Wishes to undertake a voy-
age to India, and thence to Indo-China,
Japan and the Hawaii Islands, from
there across the American continent to
your beloved city of London, to France,
Germany and Egypt.
Oh! how fervent, how deep and how
sincere is our hope that such a great
journey which he himself has fixed its
duration to be four or five years, will be
undertaken. Let us hope and prepare
for it. Extreme pressure of work
obliges me to stop abruptly. I hope I
shall receive your good news and see
you in body very soon.
May I announce to you that your two
supplications with the enclosed letters
have been considered by the Beloved this
afternoon. The whole afternoon has been
spent in translating for him only the
contents of a part of the supplications
from London. A Tablet has been re-
vealed for you opening with loving and
affectionate sentences.
I enclose, out of my Bahai and partic-
ular affection for you, two photographs
taken recently in April in the vicinity
of the Tomb of the Bab. They are the
latest pictures of the Beloved.
Requesting you to acknowledge their
receipt, I remain
Your Bahai brother,
Shoglzd.
RECENT TABLET REVEALED FOR
BAHAIS OF THE BRITISH
ISLES.
Through his honor Mr. Tudor-Pole,
him be 
the friends of God and
the maid-servants of the Merciful,
British Isles.--Upon them be 
El-Aloha!
He "is God!
ye sons and daughters of the King-
dom!
Your joint letter was received. Its
contents made us exceedingly glad, for it
indicated that, praise be to God, during
those days of trial these blessed souls
have withstood every test in the utmost
steadfastness and perseverance. Like
unto pure and unadulterated gold they
shone with infinite brilliancy in the flam-
ing fire of tests. Verily, this is the
bounty of divine Providence. For the
gift of guidance is great, it illumines
the soul, converts the court of the heart
into a rose-garden and gladdens the
spirit with the good-tidings of God.
But all this is dependent upon firm-
ness and steadfastness throughout all
trials. Not until the tree is rooted and
firmly planted can it give forth fruit;
no matter how fresh and graceful it may
appear, eventually it will wither, fade
away, and only be fit for the fire.
At present, praise be to God, these
sons and daughters of the Kingdom have,
like unto blessed trees, strengthened
their roots, are unaffected by the blow-
ing of violent winds, and they are like

