STAR OF THE WEST 341
Do not feel grieved and disconsolate,
therefore, because of the ascension of
that bird of faithfulness; nay, under all
circumstances, pray and beg for that
youth forgiveness and elevation of sta-
tion.
I hope that you will attain to the
utmost patience, composure and resig-
nation, and I supplicate and entreat at
the Threshold of Oneness and beg par-
don and forgiveness. My hope from the
infinite bounties of God is that He may
shelter and cause this dove of the gar-
den of faith to abide on the branch of
the Supreme Concourse, that it may
sing in the best of melodies the praises
and the excellencies of the Lord of
names and attributes.
Upon ye be Baha-El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, house
of Abdul-Baha, Haifa Palestine, April
11, 1919.)

EDNA BELLORA BELMONT
Through the maid-servant of God, Mrs.
Parsons, VV3.Sl1lIlgl?O11, D. 
her be 
the maid-servant of God, Edna Bello-
ra (Bel1nont)--Upon her be 
LLAI-I El-Abha!
He Is God!
thou who art tested with calamities
and ordeals!
Verily, I became exceedingly sadden-
ed for thy sadness, because of the af-
fliction with a calamity which thou art
unable to bear. This is the condition of
the world. Therefore, be thou not dis-
tressed, 'neither be in despair of the
mercy of God, because in this suffering
there is a great wisdom concealed from
thee. Thou shalt learn of this wisdom
when thou wilt look at their faces (the
departed children) in the everlasting
Kingdom. Then rest thou assured that,
verily, thou hast not lost them and their
death was only the departure from the
restrictions of the nether world to the
Supreme Heights. Thou shalt see their
faces in the sublime heavens, for the
Merciful Gardener, if He loves a young
tree, takes it out from among the
others and carries it from the restric-
tions of narrowness to a large farm and
a beautiful, flourishing garden, in order
that the young tree may develop, its
branches grow high, its flowers open,
its fruits appear and its shadow ex-
pand. But the rest of the trees do not
know this, because this is a hidden mys-
tery which becomes unfolded to us in
the eternal Kingdom.
thou maid-servant of God! Grieve
not and do hot lament, consolation will
come to thee from God. Have thou
serene patience for therein is an abun-
dant reeompense. Think not that the
girls have waded in the waters of death,
nay, rather, they have flown from the
mortal world to the realm immortal.
Thou shalt behold their faces in the Su-
preme Aviary.
In regard to thy particular question:
Whereas, the revered Mrs. Parsons de-
sires that thou remainest with her as
her companion, therefore, this is easier
for thee than to be a nurse enduring
great hardships. Nevertheless, the good
is in that which thou choosest for thy-
self; should the revered lady come to
these regions thou mayest accompany
her on the journey, so that thou mayest
be honored by visiting the blessed and
white spot and we see thee patient in
calamity and thankful in difficulties and
sufferings. It behooveth one like unto
thee to thank thy Lord while thou art
submerged in the seas of anguish. This
is the quality of every maid-servant who
is meek and humble before God, and is
desirous of the eternal l-ife in the King-
dom of God.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi,
Chicago, Ill., July 11th, 1919. Revealed
May 21st, 1919.)

