STAR OF THE WEST 139
News from India
All-India Bahai Convention to be held in December~--New Bahai paper to
be established in India.
LETTER FROM ABBASALI
Madras, India,
May 23, 1919.
Dr. Zia M. Bagdadl, Chicago.
My dearly-beloved brother:
You will no doubt be pleased to know
that We are going to start a Bahai paper
in India and I have taken the liberty
to Write this letter to you in connection
with the same. We have a column in
the said paper entitled "From Our C011-
temporaries," in which We intend to
insert cullings from the ajm.-41-Balohtair
(STAR on THE W1-zsrr) and hm'sh-id-i-
Khawar. May I, therefore, ask your in-
dulgencc to mail me the latest number
of Najm-2'-Bakhtar to my Rangoon ad-
dress, and to continue sending the same
every month. We shall, of course, send
you our paper in exchange and shall
further beg you to extend a helping hand
to us in our efiorts to keep this paper
going. The paper will be printed in
three Urdu* and
all in one issue and every
effort is being made to make it as artistic
and instructive as possible.
Further, may I beg you to kindly fur-
nish me with the addresses of all the
American assemblies and individual
friends to whom the paper should be
sent. In case of assemblies, you will
please let me know the number of cop-
ies to be sent to them. I trust you will
kindly give an early reply to this re-
quest, so that you may be in time to
guide us from the very first issue. A
few days ago when on a visit to Bom-
bay, I heard from brother Aga Mirza
Mahmood that the translation done by
me of the Book of Wonderful Signs was
*Urdu is a dialect, an Indian name.
This dialect arose in the camps and ba-
zaars as a means of communication be-
tween Mohammedan invaders and the

sent to sisters Goodall and Cooper in
California for correction and polishing.
This translation was done by me under
very trying circumstances, yet I am con-
fident it shall not give much trouble to my
brothers and sisters sitting in committee
for its correction. If any further infor-
mation regarding the translation is
wanted, I shall ever feel esteemed to
correspond with you or any other broth-
er or sister.
You are perhaps aware that we are
going to hold an All-India Bahai Con-
vention during the coming Christmas
season. We are confident that through
the inexorable will of the Blessed Beauty
and ever-eifective prayers of Abdul-Ba-
ha, we will be able to move the dormant
population of India. We are expecting
the arrival among us of Mr. R-emey and
the other young brothers of whom you
spoke in your last letter to dear Mirza
Mahmood.
Kindly convey my humblest Bahai
love to all the friends and sisters in
Chicago. Please send my sincere love
to Mirza Ahmad Sohrab and Mr. Joseph
Hannan when next you write him.
Kindly convey my best Bahai love to
Miss Root.
Yours aifectionately,
At the feet of Abdul-Baha,
Abbasalt.
LETTER FROM MIRZA MAHMOOD
Bombay, India,
June 1, 1919.
Dear friends:
Your letter of April 9th has filled us
with great delight and rejoicing. We
rejoice in the divine fatherly care of
Abdul-Baha who while he sent you
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, also favored us
with a messenger, Mr. Aflatoon, bringing
Tablets for the devoted servants in India.
We have perused with greatest pleasure
your letters and program of the Annual

