STAR OF THE WEST 189
cal existence, you have satisfied all your
desires, you have sat upon your throne,
and you have slain your enemies, then
suddenly the word of the Spirit falls
into your heart, such a thing' as you
never experienced before, the word of
the Spirit, the power of the Spirit,
scales fall from your eyes, at last you
know that you are not a physical being,
that the loss of your physical life is
nothing to you--instantly you stand be-
fore yourself, glorious, enfranchised,
alive, living eternally, looking back
with the eyes of wisdom at the paltry
things for which you would have sac-
rificed that eternity.
And it was so with the king, 
he said, "why did I not know this be-
fore'? Why did I slay my friends first,
and how, later, could I have built these
houses and slain so many others'? Oh,"
he cried, "tear them down quickly, and
you, beloved one, you sit beside me and
tell me all the secrets of this truth
which has given you such power, which
has given you such wisdom, which has
brought you such happiness, which has
taught you what nothing else can teach,
what life actually is." That was what
happened to the king. And Hanzalah
sat sweetly beside him in his humility
and talked to him; gave him noble 
ings; the houses were both torn down
and the wicked paths were all made
clear. Henceforth the king was known
as the blessing and the father of all his
people.
Do you think that story belongs to
the past? Do you think it lies only in
the fourth or fifth century in which its
scene is laid, and in Arabia? It is for
each one of us, because each one of us
has to tear down his houses which he
has built with the wrong feeling and
each one of us has to take into his
heart that wonderful knowledge, that
message of the spirit which fills us with
joy and makes us indifferent to all the
voices of ambition and privilege. It
brings to us the meaning of that other
lovely thing that Abdul-Baha has said
to us. You know we can never com-
plete the repetition of all these Wonder-
ful Words that he has said to us point-
ing the way of the future. He says this
little word. "The divine nearness is
unlimited both in this world and the
next." The divine nearness is so many
things, the divine nearness is the in-
spiring idea falling upon us from
heaven, carrying with it its ideal, sur-
rounding us so that we forget ourselves
and those who are near to us, and know
only the presence of that ideal and the
power of that idea which consumes us
until we have carried it out completely.
The divine nearness is that conscious-
ness of the word of the Spirit which
sears us sometimes like a flame, and
fills us sometimes like a fragrance, cut-
ting us oif again from all the meanness
of the ambitions of this world and car-
rying us on into the mysteries of life
that stretch into the other world and
bring us a consciousness of God that we
have never had before, a realization of
His nearness, a knowledge of what the
Holy Spirit is and what is the work of
the Holy Spirit, so that presently we
begin to see it is all that we want.
If I can have the divine nearness, if
I can have the Holy Spirit, what do I
care as to the texture of my gown, the
height of the walls that cover me, my
station, or the quality of the food that
I eat'! Because this divine nearness,
this which must pervade the world, this
which I begin to know, this which I can
do my part in sharing with every one,
this is the greatest blessing of exist-
ence and this is the foundation of the
new world that is to be built out of the
ashes of the past, and will construct
everywhere again, and again those tem-
ples whose principles and gilded tops
will catch the rays of the universal sun,
so that they will be reflected upon all
mankind and all mankind will know
here on this earth what it is to live in
heaven.

