STAR OF THE WEST 111
Unveiling of the Divine Plan for the Southern States
(Continued from page 103)
the wisdoms of this universal War is no
other than the writing of these Epistles,
so that the believers may realize that the
Cause of His Holiness 
must ultimately encircle the globe.
Having thus clearly perceived their
duty they will spare no effort to hasten
its consummation.
"The prominent believers of the South,
like Mr. Remey, Mr. Hannen, Mrs. Par-
sons, Mr. Gregory and others must come
together, hold meetings of consultation
and devise efficient ways and means for
the teaching of the people of this great
section and promote amongst the inhab-
itants the spirit of brotherhood, unity
and the love of His Holiness Christ and
Do thou present thyself
in their meetings, and through the in-
spiration of the Holy Spirit make them
realize and feel how this question of
teaching is one of the utmost importance
in the Cause. Tell them: 'Do not let
your thoughts and ideals be 
around particular matters. Close your
eyes to outward differences and look
upon each other with the of univer-
sal oneness. Like unto the cup-bearers
of eternity turn ye round in the assem-
blages of mankind the overflowing gob-
lets of guidance and intoxicate them
with the wine of the love of God. Walk
ye always in the pathway of lights and
let the pillars of Shining Bahai inspira-
tion lead and direct you to your glo-
rious destination. Let your thoughts be
of your mention be of
BAHA 'o and fill all hearts with the
truth of Like unto the
sanctified souls, associate ye with the
people of the world and show ye that
which ye have. Do ye not hide the pre-
cious jewels of the Kingdom under the
earth. This day is the day of revela-
tion! This Manifestation is the mani-
festation of knowledge and understand-
7 77
ing .
The second talk was given one morn-
ing in February, 1918, while he was
Walking in his lovely garden. The names
of the Southern States were brought to
his attention, and his face was suddenly
brightened with the light of inspiration.
Then, as he continued his walk, he utter-
ed the following poetic message, redo-
lent with the fragrance of the garden
Of Abha 
"Praise be to God, that the dark ages
have passed away and the century of
light has come. Praise be to God. that
the traces of prejudices and supersti-
tions are effaced, and the horizon of the
minds and the hearts of humanity are
broadened. Praise be to God, that the
seas of the idle fancies of the religion-
ists are calmed down and the oceans of
the realities and significances of the
Blessed Perfection are set in motion.
Praise be to God, that the gloomy nights
of ignorance have flitted away across the
receding ages, and the bright dawn of
intelligence and wisdom is becoming
visible. Praise be to God, that the cold
winter of fanaticism and bigotry, with
its chilling hand and irrational hetero-
doxy has come to an end, and the soul-
refreshing springtime of the imperish-
able flowers and hyacinths of universal
love and toleration, has dawned, perfum-
ing all the nostrils with the sweet odors
of trust and confidence. Praise be to
God, that the black clouds of human limi-
tations and man-made restrictions are
dispelled, and the 'world-enlightening
Sun of the Kingdom hath dawned from
the horizon of the hearts! Praise be
to God that the chains of injustice and
the fetters of the oppression of the Pha-
raohs of the earth and the despotic
rulers of men have crumbled to dust, and
the age of justice, equity, brotherhood
and real democracy is inaugurated.
Praise be to God that the crowns of the

