122 STAR OF THE WEST
and spiritual gifts on all humanity. In
this way the people will be lifted out of
the quagmires of slothfulness and
bigotries. 
I must tell you of one of the last con-
tributions which we have had. We owe
everything to Persia. It is the birth-
place of the BabAbdul-Baha, and there is an emanation
from Persia that you do not get from
any other place. A traveler came
through Chicago the other day bringing
a contribution from the believers in
Teheran, Persia, to me, and he told his
sister of the dreadful conditions that
they had been suffering under in Persia.
He said he had paid $400 for a small sack
of sugar. In certain parts the people
were becoming cannibals, they were so
Was reducing them to that
yet, with all the suffering and
denial, those friends sent a good contri-
bution for the Mashrekol-Azkar. There
was pure, unadulterated sacrifice.
When We can follow the example of
Persia, it will not take ~us very long to
build the Mashrekol-Azkar; because
America is not suffering from the same
things that Persia is. May this great
example from Persia inspire our hearts
so that very quickly--to make the heart
of Abdul-Baha happy--we may com-
plete the sum he has requested us to
raise in order that we may actually
start the building of this Universal
House of Worship, the Mashrekol-Azkar.
Allah '0 'Abha I
Unveiling of the Divine Plan for the Central States
Third talk by MIRZA AHMAD Soinnm delivered at the Eleventh Annual l\/Iashrekol-
Azkar Convention and Bahai Congress, held in McAlpin Hotel,
New York City, Sunday evening, April 27th, 1919.
I THIS day the day of rest? No,
by the Lord of the worlds. Is
this day the day of silence'? No, by My-
self, the True One, were ye of those who
know. Verily, all things are stirred
with the fragrance of revelation. Are ye
resting on your seats and ye call your-
selves the sincere ones 
from Appendix to Surat El-Hykl.
In the above stirring appeal 
LLAH calls his followers to a high sta-
tion of service and action. From it we
gather the idea that those who call them-
selves Bahais must not sit idle, nor must
they remain silent. Through their words
and deeds they must show their love for
all humanity and from their faces there
must appear the joy of heaven. In their
minds must center the loftiest ideals of
this age, and in their hearts must dwell
the sweetest sentiments of sympathy and
kindness towards all creatures. In their
search for truth they must be impartial,
and in their march along the path of
right they must show fearlessness and
courage. Enthusiasm must be their
watchword and broad-mindedness their
ultimate, aim. Perseverance in the in-
vestigation of reality must be their
guide, and conviction of the final victory
of the cause of brotherhood their inspira-
tion. They must Work day and night, so
that the satanic world may become an-
gelic, the darkened hearts may be illum-
ined, confidence may replace distrust and
the sweetness of love may remove the
bitterness of hate.
It is a well known fact that the power
of love leads men to work together and
co-operate with each other in all the un-
dertakings of modern civilization. In all
the transactions of human society, in the
harmonious adjustment of the relation
of capital and labor, in the balancing of
the law of supply and demand, in the
working out of the principle of produc-
tion and consumption, and in the prac-
tice of the theories of exchange and dis-
tribution, we must invariably use the
universal solvent of the love of God and

