STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIIDIES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEVVS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the postofiicg a't7Chicfiago, under the Act 1879.
Editorial Stafi: ALBERT R. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member.' MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
TERMS: $1.50 per year; lilfcents per coipyj 
Make Money Orders Payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add suflicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, IIL, U. S. A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou Star of the West! HE Is con!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the E-ast and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness!
(Signed) Anus.
-- i - - 
v91. 10 i Jan 1, 75 (April 9, 1919)" _Jnq.Wz
Eleventh Bahai Convention and Congress
To be held in New York City, April 26th to 30th - Letter sent forth
by the Bahai Temple Unity
April 9, 1919.
Dear friend .in the love of the Most
Glorious:
The Eleventh Bahai Convention and
Congress will be held at the Hotel Mc-
Alpin, Broadway and 34th St., New
York City. It is probable that the com-
bined sessions will extend over five days,
that is from April 26th to April 30th,
inclusive.
Everyone who has attended the Con-
ventions of the past has received a great
divine bestowal. Those who traveled
across the continent to the Convention
and Congress which were held at the
Panama-Pacific Exposition will always
remember it with the greatest thankful-
ness and joy. All the past Conventions
have been a preparation for this gather-
ing which is now being made ready in
New York, and it is the desire of Abdul-
Baha that the largest possible number
shall attend.
This attendance should not be limited
to delegates or alternates, but should in-
clude everyone who is attracted to the
universality of the divine teachings.
The doors are flung open to the lovers of
Truth everywhere. The greatest pos-
sible publicity should be given in each
city so that the largest number of souls
who are attracted may attend.
The world is in a ferment. During
the days and the nights it is crying out
in pain and agony. Some remedies
which are being applied give temporary
relief, but others increase the suffering
of the patient. One physician succeeds
another with bewildcringrapidity, while
the patient steadily grows weaker.
Mirza Ahmad has brought the story of
the terrible sufferings of the people in
Syria during the war. He tells us that
during the days and in the middle of
the nights, one could hear the cries of
the starving, lifting their voices hope-
lessly, as they became steadily weaker,
crying, "hungry, hungry, hungry."
With the spiritual ear do we not hear
the same cry being uttered by the hun-
gry, starving souls of men?
During the long weary days of the
war, while out ofi from all outward com-
munication with his friends, Abdul-
Baha was engaged in providing spiritual

