STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm andeternal, ere
long thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clirne.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. AI-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of' the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of.the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--~and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
_(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS-
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE WEST, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contehts must be the promulgator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the West they may become informed of the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Anus.
Editorial Stafi': ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. M. BAGDAD1
Honorary Member: AHMAD Somme
Vol. 10 Ola 1, 75 (March 2, 1920) No. 19
Cablegram from Abdul-Baha
VVILI-IELMITE, NEVV YORK
HAIFA.
HOVV ARE CONVEY MY GREETINGS
(Received February 27, 1920)
ABBAS.
Forces
I have met so many people who are
interested in the and have been
taught, along with the Revelation, that
Abdul-Baha sanctioned it, that I have
kept a copy of his Words which are in
direct opposition to the whole thing. I
really felt inspired to write you and ask
for this privilege. The STAR on THE
has such a wide circulation that
I am sure it would be of inestimable
value. I am a believer in spirituality
and believe that many things Will be
shown us as We grow along those lines,
but I am not a sympathizer with those
who are trying to look beyond. If God
had intended that, We should not be
shut away from it, as no one is able to
tell one thing that has any significance
or value relative to the other side of
the veil.
The following is a copy of a Tablet
Written by Abdul~Baha on 
Forces":
"To tamper with the forces
While in this world interferes with the
condition of the soul in the World to
come. These forces are real, but are
not be active upon this plane."
"The child in the Womb has its
eyes, ears, hands, feet, etc., but these
powers are not in activity. The
whole purpose of the Womb life is the
coming forth into this World. So the
Whole purpose of this matrix World
life is the coming forth into the World
of Reality, Where all these forces Will
be active. They belong to that
world."
I don 't think anything could be clearer
than that. I trust this will meet with
your approval. I should love to know
that those Words Were being driven home
into the hearts of the people who are
in doubt as to their attitude toward
this Movement.
Anna Mason oar.

