Z94 STAR OF THE WEST
longer. This is a new age. That which
I have just quoted proceeds from the
old order, and in this new and glorious
age of which We are now upon the thresh-
old, We are quitting the ideas of the old
and giving Way to a new age of oneness
and unity, and perhaps the greatest
phase of that is the unity of the East
and the 'West, of the Orient and the Oc-
cident.
The Orient is the mother of the hu-
man race, so to speak. It Was from the
Orient that the first great religious
movements and civilization moved out
over the World westward. It was from
the Orient that the Christ and the proph-
ets gave their great messages of truth,
and from her shores that their disciples
embarked to carry these messages of glad
tidings to all parts of the world. I
sometimes think that We do not realize
in the West that its religion, Christiani-
ty, came from the Orient; that the Savior
Jesus Christ was an Oriental, and that
We are indebted to the Orient for all the
religion that has ever come into the
World.
In some of Abdul-Baha's talks he has
brought this out very beautifully, ex-
plaining how this fire of the love of God
has always appeared first in the East
and then has gone forth and Wrought
great civilizations, illuminating the
world with advancement and culture.
And now at this time, in this age, an-
other great spiritual Messenger has ap-
peared in the Orient, bringing a uni-
versal message to the whole World, bring-
ing that light which has been promised
to come in these latter days, promised
in all the religions and in all the Holy
Books. It is indeed a blessed privilege
that We have been informed of this great
Cause.
It has been my privilege to travel
quite extensively in the Orient at various
times. I will never forget my first ex-
perience in an Oriental country. It was
in Port Said, Egypt. Port Said, as you
know, is the northern entrance of the
Suez great thoroughfare of
traffic between the East and the West.
The canal is a channel through which
ships of all nations pass going east and
going West, and in the city of Port Said
you meet a heterogeneous mass, an emul-
sion of humanity, Oriental and Occiden-
tal, speaking all languages, people of all
religions, of all races; heterogeneous be-
cause they are not united. And it was
there at Port Said I had the great priv-
ilege of first meeting some of the Orien-
tal Bahai teachers, Mirza Abul Fazl and
others Well known to you. In the meet-
ings Which they Were holding one found
a perfect harmony and unity between
these different elements of the East and
West. All of the friends from the West
who have gone to the East have been
greatly impressed by this wonderful at-
mosphere and love which is generated
by the Bahai Cause in the hearts of
Orientals and Occidentals and which is
uniting them in this very firm bond of
brotherhood.
Vile know that for centuries there has
been a certain miXi11g' of the East and
the West, but it has not been a spiritual
mixing, it has not been a spiritual unity.
The Western world, the nations of Eu-
rope, have gone into the East and con-
trolled many governments of the East,
yet up to the present time there has been
no real fusion or unity. As Abdul-Baha
once said, the East and West must meet
like brothers [illustrating] and that is
the particular function of this Bahai
Movement.
There is a certain fire of religious zeal
which We find in the Oriental which We
need in the Occidental world. I some-
times marvel at the amount of good
Which is done here in the West in the
name of religion with such a very small
amount of real religious fire and enthu-
siasm behind it. 'Nhen We go to the
Orient, We find that the people there
are ablaze with this spiritual fire, a fire
which Will move the world. That very
element in the nature of the average
Oriental which makes him a fanatic if
he be not yet spiritually awakened, when

