126 STAR OF THE IVEST
with eloquent tongues and with clear souls must hasten and
travel through all parts of the Central States. In every city and village they
must occupy themselves with the diffusion of the divine exhortations and
advices, guide the souls and promote the oneness of the world of humanity.
They must play the melody of international conciliation with such power that
every deaf one may become hearing, every extinct person may be set aglow,
every dead one may obtain new life and every indifferent soul may find ecstacy.
It is certain that such will be the consummation.
The spreaders of the fragrances of God may peruse this Commune every
morning:
COMMUNE
Lord! Lord! Praise and thanksgiving" be unto Thee for Thou hast
guided me to the highway of the Kingdom, suffered me to walk in this straight
and far-reaching path, illumined my by beholding the lights, made me
listen to the melodies of the birds of holiness from the Kingdom of Mysteries
and attracted my heart with Thy love among the righteous ones.
Lord! Confirm me with the Holy Spirit, so that I may call in Thy Name
among the nations and give back the glad-tidings to the manifestation of Thy
Kingdom amongst mankind.
Lord! I am weak, me with Thy power and potency. My
tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lonely,
endear me through my entrance in Thy Kingdom. I am remote, cause me to
approach to the threshold of Thy mercifulness.
Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree.
adorned with fruits, its branches over-shadowing all these regions! Verily, Thou
art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, March 30, 1919, D. O-I
Having revealed the above wonderful
Tablet for the Central States, the Cen-
ter of the Covenant spoke often about
the future Work of the friends of God,
and I have gathered his scattered words
into one heavenly rosary.
He said: "In reality the geographical
position of the Central States has great
importance, for just as I dictated to you
now, it is like the heart of America.
Passengers going east or west, north or
south pass through that section. Simi-
larly, it is a point of connection for the
friends of God. The believers in Chicago
must be so enkindled with the fire of
the love of God and must be so charac-
terized with the characteristics of unity
and agreement. that other states may
learn from them this all-important les-
son; that their pure lives and holy
words, their selfless services and deeds
may affect the hearts of all the outsiders.
"Just as the earth attracts everything
to the center of gravity and every object
thrown upward into space will come
down; so also material ideas and
wordly thoughts attract man to the
center of self. Anger, passion, ig-
norance, prejudice, greed, envy, covet-
ousness, jealousy and suspicion prevent
man from ascending to the Realms of
Holiness, imprisoning him in the claws of
self and the jail of egotism. The physi-
cal man, unassisted by divine power,
trying to escape from one of these invis-
ible enemies, will fall unconsciously into
the hands of another. No sooner does he
attempt to soar upward than the density
of the love of self, like the power of
gravity, draws him to the earth. But
the only power that is capable of deliver-
ing man from this captivity, is the power

