132 STAR OF THE PVEST
The Central States Second Bahai Teaching Convention
Chicago, May 23rd to 25th, 1919.
BY ALBERT VAIL.
May twenty-third, the seventy-
fifth anniversary of the Bab, that
glorious gateway to the Kingdom of
God, the friends of the Central States
gathered in Chicago to make plans for
the proclamation of the glad tidings of
this new day. The fourteen great teach-
ing Tablets have brought to the beloved
in America a call clear as the bell of the
voice of God. The friends of the Cen-
tral States felt that they must not delay
a moment but must rise for "instant,
exact and complete obedience."
Friday morning, May 23rd, the
friends -met at the home of Mrs. True
and ratified the business of the sublime
New York Convention. In the after-
noon they assembled on the temple
grounds in Wilmet-te and later gathered
for a heavenly feast in a nearby room
overlooking the shining lake. Dr. Bag-
dadi, Mirza Ahmad and many others
spoke of the new era now dawning on
earth. Mr. Harlan Ober presided, Love
and joy shone like beams of light from
the faces. Mrs. Marie Hopper told of
the spiritual experience of her husband
when he first met Abdul-Baha-~a story
which kindled all the hearts with joy
and wonder. Mr. Hopper went to Acca
in the days when the Master was closely
confined in the prison city. He came
a critical, skeptical man who was proud
never to be swept by an emotional ex-
perience. He was suddenly ushered in-
to Abdul-Baha's prison room. Before
he knew what had happened he saw a
blaze of white light and like Paul on
the road to Damascus, fell down in
wonder, overwhelmed by the spiritual
glory which shone through and around
his Beloved. The next moment Abdul-
Baha, with infinitely tender love was
lifting him t.o his arms. The Master
had opened to him the doors of the
unseen kingdom of Glory; then gently
he closed them again.
On Saturday friends from practically
all the assemblies in the Central States
gathered in order that through consul-
tation they might turn the new "river of
glory" flowing in their hearts into
channels of united and systematic teach-
ing. Mr. Windust read the divine
words to the Central States. Reports
were given of the work already acco1n-
plished, of the meetings in Indianapolis
and St. Louis, Sioux City and Daven-
port, of the new and joyous groups
started this winter in Keokuk, Kansas
City, Topeka and Omaha. Mr. Wil-
liam H. Randall spoke of the work of
the general teaching committee of nine-
teen, how it had been formed not to di-
reetibut to serve, to offer itself in hum-
ble love as a. clearing house for the help-
ing of those teachers whom the Holy
Spirit bade arise for the sublime cam-
paign of spreading God's message into
every city and hamlet of this continent
and of the world. Mirza Ahmad Sohrab
presented a series of comprehensive
suggestions recently framed by friends
in "Washington for the Southern States.
Mrs. May Maxwell spoke of the need of
absolute severance, utter self-sacrifice if
we are to succeed in walking this
heavenly pathway. We must lay down
our money, even our principle--our
strength, our time, our opinions, our
selves, our spirits, all for Him, if we are
to be baptized with that holy spirit, that
white flame of love which alone can
teach His Cause and melt the hearts of
st-one into amity and unity.
Practical suggestions were brought
forward of how important it was that
all who know of Bahais living in isola-
ted districts or of openings for Bahai
speakers anywhere in the Central States
should send word to the Secretary of the

