STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE West!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide~and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the World of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA Amms.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE WEST, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the p_romul gator of the Cause of that both in the
East and the West they may become informed of the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
STAR OF THE WEST FOUNDATION
Northeastern States: HOOPER HARRIS. Western States: HELEN S. GOODALL.
Southern States: JOSEPH H. HANNEN. Dominion of Canada: MAY MAXWELL.
Central States: ALBERT VAIL, CARL SCHEFFLER.
Editorial ta]? ALBERT R. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD S01-IRAB
l{ow11,75 (Nove7mber23,19719): No.14
Praise thou God that thou art firm
in the Covenant and the Testament and
art turning thy face to the Luminary
of the World, His Highness 
LLAH. Thou hast illumined thy face
with the light of guidance and perfumed
thy nostrils with the fragrances of the
Abha paradise. Strive therefore that
thou mayest attract the souls and train
them through the divine teachings that
they may become the signs of guidance,
may turn into blessed trees and may
secure a large share from the day of
Manifestation.
The teacher is like unto a farmer who
sows a seed, the cloud of mercy pours
out its showers and every seed multi-
plies a hundred fold, gives forth a lux-
uria11t harvest and becomes the cause of
heavenly benediction.
I hope that thou mayest be confirmed
to acquire that heavenly benediction and
may become my partner in this lucra-
tive enterprise; that thou mayest grow
to become a blessed tree, fruitful, green
and rich in foliage and laden with sweet
and delicious fruits.
Upon thee be Baha-El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Haifa, Palestine, June 3, 1919.)

LOS ANGELES ASSEMBLY
To the members of the spiritual assem-
bly of Los Angeles, California, care of
the maid-servant of God, Mrs. Ella
G. them be 
LLAH El-Abha!
He Is God!
ye blessed souls!
Although ye are undergoing crucial
tests in view of the repeated and assidu-
ous attempts of some people to shake
the faith of the friends in Los Angeles,
yet ye are under the guarding of the
bounty of and are assisted
by legions of angels.

