STAR OF THE TVEST 123
the love of man, if we are desirous of
avoiding any future social disorganiza-
tion. The law of love opens on all sides
the innumerable avenues of human and
divine progress. For example, let us
consider the history of the twelve Cen-
tral States, how over a century ago, there
were scarcely any souls living there ex-
cepting Indians and a few scattered
trappers. Now there are about twenty-
seven millions living peacefully in those
States; large cities are built, giant fac-
tories founded, thousands of schools es-
tablished, agriculture and industries ad-
vancing by leaps and bounds. For ex-
ample, the site of Chicago, which today
is the second city in size in the New
World, in 1804 was nothing but a great
bog, and probably at that time no one
would have dreamed that a century later
such a magnificent city would rise over
that piece of marshy ground. In 1830
it boasted of only twelve families of
poor people; in 1840 it had about 4470
inhabitants, but 110w it has the huge
population of more than two million and
a half! This single example shows us
in a concrete and clear manner how the
power of love and co-operation changed
the desert and wilderness of these States
into blooming gardens and prosperous
communities. Now if the sphere of this
human love be widened, so as to include
the various aspects of the divine love;
if the people would realize that the se-
curity and permanence of the national
progress is dependent upon interna-
tional progress--then we could feel sure
that our advancement would not be hin-
dered by racial or religious fanaticism
which surges now and then from the un-
known depths of the animal man.
The pioneer discoverers of the Cen-
tral Vilest have demonstrated to us,
through their lives and actions, that if
we are zealous in the promotion of- the
divine principles, and do not turn back
when confronted with opposition, we
shall at last gather many harvests, Con-
sider the lives of Joliet and Father Mar-
quette, who in 1673 braved all dangers,
set out from Mackinaw to find the source
of the Mississippi River. Day after day
they kept on their silent journey on the
bosom of the Mississippi, now gliding by
castle-shaped cliffs, now coming into the
sunlight of open prairies, now entering
the long shadows cast by miles of un-
broken forests, past the muddy torrent
of the Missouri, past the lovely mouth of
the Ohio, and finally reached the mouth
of the Arkansas. From there they re-
turned, patiently paddling their way
back. It was indeed a tremendous piece
of uphill work, battling for more than a
thousand miles against powerful cur-
rents. . . . .
These examples go far to show us that
if there were men in the there
are men and women in our 
were and are ready to give up even life
for material reward or fame, how much
more we who call ourselves Bahais must
be prepared to sacrifice everything, to
undergo every danger, so that the knowl-
edge of God may increase, the brother-
hood of man may be proclaimed, and the
noble ideals of life he shared by all men,
irrespective of race and color.
Having now proven that nothing must
daunt us when the line of our duty is
quite plain, 1 take pleasure in reading
to you the translation of the first Tablet
revealed to the friends in the Central
States, on Vilednesday morning, March
29, 1916. Picture in your mind the
patriarchal presence of Abdul-Baha,
with his long, flowing robe, walking in
the beautiful Garden of Bahjee, and dic-
tating these words of wisdom to his fol-
lowers across oceans and continents, di-
recting them to arise with all their
hearts and souls in the promulgation of
the Vilord of God and the proclamation
of the Manifestation of God.
[Herc followed the reading of the
Tablet receive-(Z in America before 2'-he
doors of conmi-u-mlcatton closed. It was
published in the STAR or THE 
VolNo. 14.]

