66 STAR OF THE WEST
of the Spirit. We should discover in
ourselves, each and every one of us, a
new ideal capacity, for Without this new
capacity, this new insight, it will be im-
possible to perceive this new note which
is struck in these wonderful Tablets
which are to be unveiled during these
coming days.
Everything in this Congress revolves
around these divine instructions. Can
you imagine what it would have meant
if in the days of Jesus Christ tremendous
Tablets, revelations from Christ, had
been presented to the body of the Chris-
tian people'? How great that would ap-
pear in our history of the Gospel and in
our history of those things which trans-
pired at that time. Yet through the
progress of the World and through the
bounty of God and through the require-
ment of this illumined day and through
the greatness of the problems themselves
just exactly that thing has happened.
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab has been chosen
by Abdul-Baha to bring these Tablets
to us. Coming through every difficulty,
and finally arriving in time for this
Convention, he brings these divine in-
structions: more than that, he brings
that close and intimate spiritual connec-
tion with Abdul-Baha.
We revolve, we move around Abdul-
Baha. We find in him the universaliza-
tion of all the great truths of the past,
lived in such a way that it is an inspira-
tion to every group of people. We are
speaking not only to the Bahai body,
which in numbers are few but which in
power is great, but we are speaking
through you to all the inhabitants of
the globe. This plan is not a plan which
relates to New York City. This plan is
not a plan which relates merely to this
country. These plans, as you will see
by referring to the brief outlines in
the program, refer to the entire globe.
Tremendous possibilities are before us
and tremendous responsibilities. Do we
not hear the voice of Abdul-Baha calling
to us and calling through us to all the
people of the globe"! people, awake!
Awake, and from your deep slumbers
arise! Arise and know those divine real-
ities which are deposited within you!
Uncover this treasure which God has
placed there as a means of beautifying
and illumining this civilization. Let us
turn away from material thoughts. Let
us turn away from limited things and
soar toward the limitless, the empyrean
realms of vision!"
This is the call. We are speaking to
every one who finds within himself the
traces of that heavenly glory and who
desires confirmation, who desires assist-
ance, and who, free and severed from all
save God, is following this great eternal
journey along this broad highway. We
are calling for those souls who perhaps
wandering a little bit in one by-way or
another yet have in their hearts the
jewels of the utmost beauty. This is the
time when we are the discoverers, if we
are true Bahais, of all the divine qual-
ities in the world.
Let us, therefore, as we approach these
great unveilings, turn our hearts to God
and know that we are living, through
the mercy of God, at a time in the his-
tory of the world, which is absolutely
epoch-making. In no past age or cycle
of which we have record did such great
events transpire. Realizing this, let us
in our minds and hearts prepare that at
the end we shall not go away from these
sessions without a definite plan of action
which shall spread the bounties of God
to every last individual on the face of
the globe.
Allah 'o 'Abha 

