STAR OF THE TVEST 347
FRANCIS C. NEWTON
On May 29th, 1919, at Brooklyn, N. Y.,
Francis C. Newton passed on at the age
of 34 years. He met Abdul-Baha in
1912. His last words were, "Ya-Baha-
el-Abha 
CHARLES F. HANEY
On the morning of July 22nd, 1919,
with spiritual armor burnished and
bright, there soared from the prison of
this w0rld--tl1is- World which
is "the shadow of a shade"--into the
realm of light and spiritual victory, a
loyal servant of the holy threshold and
of the Center of the Covenant, our dear
brother Charles F. Haney.
For many years his bodily existence
had been one of unending 
but this offering in an ever unfolding
flame of evanescence was laid in love
and service at the feet of his Beloved.
Out of this school of wonderful prep-
aration came the crown of triumph be-
gemmed with "death in God." Thus,
unencumbered, his conquering spirit has
been promoted to a larger arena of serv-
ice in that bright home and its atmo-
sphere of the fire of the love of God,
which now he comprehends to a degree
impossible for those yet limited to this
finite world to comprehend and remain
longer here, however glorifying are our
many spiritual experiences in partaking
of this table from which we derive our
heavenly sustenance for each day.
If I might be permitted to add a brief
personal word, I would love to refer to
the last three, of many beautiful, con-
tacts throughout the years with our
brother when, in 1917, I unexpectedly
met him in Los Angeles, Calif., Port-
land, Ore., and Salt Lake City during a
business trip which he was making
through the far western states. In the
last mentioned city, where his engage-
ments detained him for a week after my
arrival, we found ourselves located at
the same hotel and in the wonderful oc-
casional spiritual hours which we en-
joyed together, reading and communing
upon the holy utterances of God, there
was unveiled in this dear brother a spirit
so rarely matured, so replete with reali-
zation of the heights of consecration, of
the deeds which alone count, so clear a
vision of divine happiness and great
peace under constant physical pain, that
the actual remembrance of those hours
is like that of a full-blown rose of the
Abha Kingdom!
The key to all of this summit of at-
tainment was steadfastness in the Cove-
nant and Testament of God, which the
beloved of our hearts has defined as
"1ove and obedience to the commands of
Abdul-Baha. 
The extent of his devoted services to
the Cause, and especially to that di-
vine edifice, the MashrekoI~Azkar, are
only known to God. But his place is
empty!
A close spiritual tie, covering a num-
ber of years, between this spiritual
brother, his blessed wife and myself, has
vouchsafed to me the privilege of ex-
pressing this imperfect tribute. Well
may we smile with that dear wife and

