262 STAR OF THE WEST
hath made the restoration of the Holy
Land, the covenanted country of the
prophets and chosen ones, dependent
upon the power of that blessed being.
Likewise, in the 12th and 13th verses
of the 6th chapter of the same book,
-God, the Exalted, hath explicitly prom-
ised Zechariah that in the Day of the
Lord 's Manifestation the Blessed
"Branch" shall grow up out of the pure
Tree of Divinity, shall bear the glory
of the Lord, shall sit and rule upon His
throne, and shall build the Temple of
the divine worship the banner of uni-
versal peace and eternal beatitude shall
be hoisted among all mankind through
the council of peace held between the
"Branch" and the Lord.
Consider the New Testament; in
every instant in which His Holiness,
Christ (Glory be to him!) and his emi-
nent disciples have announced the com-
ing of the Kingdom of God, they have
spoken of the rising of the Excellent
"Branch" and of the dawning of the
Orb of the Covenant. Especially his
holiness, John, has adorned all the
prophecies of his Book of Revelation
with this glorious name, and has clearly
stated the appearance of the Covenant
of God in the Day of the L01-d's Mani-
festation. He has explicitly said that in
that great Day, the new Holy City shall
be illuminated with lights shining from
the face of the Lord and His appointed
"Branch"; the rivers of wonderful en-
lightenments, which would impart life to
the people of the world and save nations,
shall flow forth from the throne of the
Lord and that of the Center of His Cov-
enant. Nay, rather, he hath elucidated
that those written in the Book of Life
of the Excellent "Branch" shall be
saved, and those overshadowed under
His Ancient Standard shall inherit ever-
lasting glory.
To resume: The tongues of all the
prophets sung the praise of his blessed
name, and the hearts of the chosen ones
rejoiced at the announcement of his
coming, until that most holy being was
born in the Day* of the Manifestation
of the "First Point" (Exalted is his
supreme namel). The birthday of the
"Branch extended from the Ancient
Root" coincided with the day of the
appearance of the Lord 's precursor, and
the "Mystery of God" was realized by
this coincidence. In his childhood he
was nurtured under the favors of the
most Holy Beauty of El-Abha, until, at
the age of nine, he escorted the Ancient
Beauty from Teheran
to Bagdad. He shared with the Beauty
of El-Aloha in every calamity and af-
fliction during their exile from Bagdad
to Constantinople, Adrianople, and
finally to Acca (the prison), and en-
dured unbearable sufferings. The
Tongue of Grandeur was always utter-
ing the greatness of his station, and ap-
pointed His Holiness, the Excellent
"Branch," to the position of the "Cen-
ter of the Covenant." In a Tablet re-
vealed by the Beauty of El-Abha to
Abdul-Baha, while the latter was in
Beyrout, He said: "We ha/ve appoint-
ed thee at protection to all the creatures,
a to all in the heaven and the
earth, and (l fortress to those who believe
in Gocl, the One, the 
ye beloved of God! How can I duly
praise the Lord of mankind, the Center
of the Covenant (May the life of all the
creatures be a sacrifice to himl), and
how can I explain the loftiness of his
station! For he is the one whom all
the divine Manifestations have praised
and extolled.
Let us now offer our humble efforts in
praising and glorifying God, the Exalt-
ed, who has honored us by serving the
Center of His Covenant, hath made us
know in his name, and hath placed us
under the shadow of his glorious ban-
ner. We thank Him in such praises
whereby the faces of thesteadfast ones
are illuminated!
Praise be to God, the King of the
Heaven and the earth!
(Signed) Abul Fuel.
*May 23, 1844 A. D.

