STAR OF THE WEST 197
Unveiling of the Divine Plan for the Western States
Fourth talk by MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB at the Eleventh Annual Mashrekol-Azkar
Convention and Bahai Congress held in McAlpin Hotel, New York City,
April 26-30th, 1919.
A RISE thou amongst the people in
the name of this incomparable
Cause. Then summon the nations to
God, the Most High, the Most Exalted!"
"Conquer the cities of the hearts with
this most great Name, and be thou a
herald of this Call amongst all nations!"
(Words of 
The mission of every Bahai in this
world is to promote to the extent of his
ability the idea of God, the idea of
beauty, the idea of right, the idea of
justice and the idea of virtue. For the
world of ideals is a world of reality.
Once I begin to hold the idea of good-
ness within my mind, speak about it
and banish all those tendencies which
lead to evil, I create an atmosphere
around myself that is bound to tell on
my character. Now in this age and cycle
the idea of God, the idea of divine
morality, is almost forgotten. The ad-
vancing forces of material civilization
have banished from the consciences of
millions of men and women the idea
of God. . . . . . Spirit, God,
truth, love, have no meaning on our
ears. We live a life of selfishness, We
aspire after no higher realm, we are
satisfied with water and clay, the appe-
tites of the flesh satisfy us completely,
we crave for no spiritual light, We yearn
after no heavenly gift. Complacent and
self-satisfied, we strut about as though
we possessed the whole World, and yet
spiritually we are poverty-stricken. We
think of the rustic chatter of our village
as the great wave that echoes round the
world. We have banished God from our
midst and cherish an illusion in our
breasts.
Now the mission of the Revelation of
is to recover for us this
lost vision, to lead us back again into
the Sanctuary of Holiness, to enkindle
anew the fire of the love of God, to
consume the veils of superstitions and
imaginations, and to 'fill the hearts with
the new ideals of God, love, beauty,
constancy and happiness as portrayed
in the writings of and
Abdul-Baha.
This means that We are called upon
to solve some of the most crucial prob-
lems of this age. In order to render
this service, we must not lag behind,
but be in the vanguard of the forces of
this new ideal civilization. l/Ve must
universalize our aims, spiritualize our
thoughts, renew our beings, exalt our
ambitions and dedicate ourselves to the
service of humanity. We must become
fully conscious that all past efforts and
services in comparison to the efforts that
we have to make after this Convention
have been pastimes and child's play.
Abdul-Baha summons us to a brilliant
height, the contemplation of which
dazzles the mind and overpowers the
heart. If we desire to put in execution
his great plan, we must rise to his full
stature, be imbued with his enthusiasm
and drink from the chalice of his love.
We must walk in his footsteps, live his
life, be intoxicated with his wine and
be filled with his spirit. We must be
humble before his presence and obedient
to his will. "His kindness and forgive-
ness must teach us many valuable les-
sons, and his catholicity and simplicity
inspire us to follow his example . . . .
. .
Abdul-Baha teaches us that the Cause
of the Blessed Perfection is the solution
of all modern problems, and for this
reason he calls upon us to arise and
teach this wonderful Revelation to all

