STAR OF THE WEST 247
to Japan was in the utmost necessity.
Thou hast undoubtedly met the attracted
maid-servant of God, Mrs. Maxwell, be-
fore sailing to Japan, for that maid-
servant of God is ablaze with the fire
of the love of God. Whosoever meets
her feels from her association the sus-
ceptibilities of the Kingdom. Her com-
pany uplifts and develops the soul.
Thou didst well to travel to Japan,
for the seed thou hast sown needs Water-
ing. Capable souls are found in Japan.
The breath of the Merciful is necessary
to stir and enliven them and to bestow
a spiritual liveliness. A blind soul is
there who is in the utmost enkindlement,
and likewise a priest lives there who is
endowed with great capacity. I hope
that thou Wilt find the doors flung open
and become the cause of the guidance
of souls.
Convey on my behalf the utmost love
and kindness to the maid-servants of
God, Elizabeth Stevens and Maud Gau-
dreaux. Through the bounties and
blessings of God, I supplicate that Mr.
Weirs may become attracted to the di-
vine Kingdom and may be so enkindled
With the love of God that he may il-
lumine the surrounding regions.
By the death of Richard Potter we
were made infinitely sad, but that night-
ingale of the Kingdom has flown to the
rose-garden of the Kingdom, and that
drop returned to the limitless ocean.
That wanderer has ascended to his origi-
nal abode. On his behalf I supplicate
from the Threshold of Oneness pardon
and forgiveness.
Convey on my behalf to the maid-ser-
vants of God, Miss Ragina Sunshine,
Mrs. Louise Smith and Louise Bosch the
wonderful Abha greeting. I have en-
treated and supplicated to the Abha
Kingdom and have begged for those
maid-servants of the Merciful unbound-
ed blessings, that each may unloosen
an eloquent tongue and engage in the
commemoration of the Beloved of the
world.
Convey to the friends of Geyserville
the intensity of my love and my spiritual
attachment. At dawn I entreat at the
Threshold of the All-Knowing God and
beg for them the exaltation of the King-
dom.
Remain for some days in Honolulu
and then immediately hasten to Japan.
Upon thee be Baha-El-Abhal
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Haifa, Palestine, July 30, 1919.)
i?i 
BAI-IAIS OF THE CENTRAL
STATES
The friends of God and the maid~ser-
vants of the Merciful in the Central
States of the United States of Ameri-
ca, care of Mr. Carl Scheffler, Chica-

go, Illinois--Upon them be BAHA 0 -
LLAH El-Abha!
He Is God!
ye faithful friends and maid-servants
of the Merciful!
Verily, ye are self-sacrificing in the
path of the Kingdom and have no wish
save the diffusion of Light throughout
all regions. Ye are the real gardeners,
are sowing the seeds of guidance in the
soil of hearts and assuredly ye shall be
confirmed and assisted. The expert
gardener ever reaps rich and plentiful
crops, obtains a pure and fertile
soil, sows the seed, waters it and always
secures heavenly blessings. Praise be
to God, ye are expert gardeners, your
soil is the heart, wherein ye sow the seed
of the love of God, and water-~-it from
the fountain of knowledge. Ye depend
upon the Sun of Truth that its light and
heat may develop that blessed planta-
tion, that the breeze of His bounty may
waft and the dew of His blessing may
fall, thus securing for it luxuriance,
freshness and prolific results. The
gardener obtains but one frui-
tage while the heavenly One with one
casting of the seed secures an everlast-
ing result.
From the bounties of God, I suppli-
cate that this Second Convention (for

