STAR OF THE WEST 15
imposed by law; it is, therefore, prefer-
able for moderation to do its work. The
main point is, by means of laws and
regulations to hinder the constitution of
the excessive fortunes of certain incli-
viduals, and to protect the essential
needs of the masses. For instance, the
manufacturers and the industrials heap
up a treasure each day, and the poor
artisans do not gain their daily suste-
nance; that is the height of iniquity,
and no just man can accept it. There-
fore, laws and regulations should be
established which would permit the
workmen to receive from the factory
owner their wages and a share in the
fourth or the fifth part of the profits,
according to the want of the factory;
or in some other way the body of work-
men and the manufacturers should share
equitably the profits and advantages.
I11deed, the direction and administration
of affairs comes from the owner of the
factory, and the Work and labor from
the body of the workmen.
I11 other words, the workmen should
receive wages which assure them an ade-
quate support, and when they cease
work, becoming feeble or helpless, they
should receive from the owner of the
factory sufficient pension. The wages
should be high enough to satisfy the
workmen with the amount they receive,
so that they may be able to put  little
aside for days of want and helplessness.
When matters will be thus fixed, the
owner of the factory will no longer put
aside daily a treasure which he has abso-
lutely no need of (without taking" into
consideration that if the fortune is dis-
proportionate, the capitalist succumbs
under a formidable burden, and gets
into the greatest difficulties and troubles;
the administration of an excessive for-
tune is very difficult, and exhausts man 's
natural strength). And the workmen
and artisans will no longer be in the
greatest misery and want. They will no
longer be submitted to the worst priva-
tions at the end of their life.
It is, then, clear and evident that the
repartition of excessive fortunes amongst
a small number of individuals, while the
masses are in misery, is an iniquity and
an injustice. In the same way, absolute
equality would be an obstacle to life, to
Welfare, to order and to the peace of
humanity. In such a question a just
medium is preferable. It lies in the cap-
italists being moderate in the acquisition
of their profits, and in their having a
consideration for the welfare of the poor
a11d needy; that is to say, that the work-
men and artisans receive a fixed and
established daily wage, and have a share
in the general profits of the factory.
It would be well, with regard to the
social rights of manufacturers, workmen
and artisans, that laws be established,
giving moderate profits to manufac-
turers, and to workmen the necessary
means of existence and security for the
future. Thus, when they become feeble
and cease working, get old and helpless,
and die leaving children under age, these
children will not be annihilated by ex-
cess of poverty. And it is from the in-
come of the factory itself, to which they
have a right, that they will derive a
little of the means of existence.
In the same way, the workmen should
no longer rebel and revolt, nor demand
beyond their rights; they should no
longer go out on strike, they should be
obedient and submissive, and not ask
for impudent wages. But the mutual
rights of both associated parties will be
fixed and established according to cus-
tom by just and impartial laws. In case
one of the two parties should transgress,
the courts of justice would have to give
judgment, and by an eflicacious fine put
an end to the transgression; thus order
will be re-established, and the difficulties
settled. The interference of courts of
justice and of the government in diffi-
culties pending between manufacturers
and workmen is legal, for the reason that
current affairs between workmen and
manufacturers cannot be compared with
ordinary affairs between private persons,
which do not concern the public, and

