STAR OF THE WEST 199
The lights of the divine traces are manifest in Palestine. The majority
of the Israelitish Prophets raised the call of the Kingdom of God in this holy
ground. Having spread the spiritual teachings, the nostrils of the spiritually-
minded ones became fragrant, the eyes of the illumined souls become bright-
ened, the ears were thrilled through this song, the hearts obtained eternal
life from the soul-refreshing breeze of the Kingdom of God and gained supreme
illumination from the splendor of the Sun of Reality. Then from this region
the light was spread to Europe, America, Asia, Africa and Australia.
Now California and the other "Western States must earn an ideal simi-
larity With the Holy Land, and from that State and that region the breaths of
the Holy Spirit be diffused to all parts oi America and Europe, that the call
of the Kingdom of God may exhilarate and rejoice all the ears, the divine
principles be-stow a 11ew life, the difierent parties may become one party, the
divergent ideas may disappear and revolve around one Unique Center, the
East and the West of America may embrace each other, the anthem of the
oneness of the world of humanity may confer a new life upon all the children
of men, and the tabernacle of Universal Peace be pitched on the apex of
America ;--thus Europe and Africa may become vivified with the breaths of
the Holy Spirit, this world may become another world, the body politic may
attain to a new exhilaration, and just as in the State of California and other
Western States the marvelous scenes of the world of nature are evident and
manifest, the great signs of the Kingdom of God may also be unveiled 
so that the body may correspond with the spirit, the outward world may be-
come a symbol of the inward world, and the mirror of the earth may become
the mirror of the Kingdom, reflecting the ideal virtues of heaven.
During my journey and traveling in those parts, I beheld wonderful
scenes and beautiful panoramas of nature, orchards and rivers; national parks
and general conclaves; deserts, plains, meadows and prairies, and the grains
and fruits of that region greatly attracted my attention; even to the present
moment they are in my mind.
Particularly was I greatly pleased with the meetings in San Francisco
and Oakland, the gatherings in Los Angeles, and the believers who came from
the cities of other States. Whenever their faces cross my memory, immedi-
ately inflnite happiness is realized.
Therefore I hope that the divine teachings like unto the rays of the
sun may be diffused in all the VVestern States, a11d the blessed verse of the
Koran: "It is a good city and the Lord is the Forgiver!" may become realized.
Likewise, the significance of another Koranic verse: "Do ye not travel through
the land and behold the traces of the Mercy of God?" become revealed in the
utmost effulgence.
Praise be to God, that through the divine bounty and providence, in
that region the field of service is vast, the minds are in the utmost degree
of intelligence and progress, sciences and arts are being promoted, the hearts

