234 STAR OF THE WEST
violation thou art perturbed. There is
no occasion for perturbation for the
Blessed Beauty has closed all doors of
error and doubt and has entered with
all the friends into a Covenant and a
Testament, beginning first With the Agh-
sans, the Afnans and the relatives. Ex-
plicitly and in a way that shuts out all
interpretation, he says that "after My
ascension, turn your faces toward him
who has branched from the Pre-EXist-
ent Root," and then he manifestly says
that by him _who is branched from the
Pre-Existent such a person is meant.
In fine, he has appointed the Center of
the Covenant as the authority and the
Expounder of the Book. Now it must
be either said that the Blessed Beauty
has done wrong and was ignorant of the
fact that this person deserved this sta-
tion, or obedience should be shown. In
brief, it must be either said that the
Blessed Beauty was wrong or right,
there is no third alternative. And
furthermore, through the assistance and
the bounty of the Blessed Beauty, a
power and might has been displayed by
the Center of the Covenant that all the
contemporary great men and philoso-
phers are amazed, and bear witness to
the fact. There should be no occasion
therefore for agitation. If, God forbid,
a weakness and inability is exhibited,
how will Bahai unity be preserved and
how will the teachings of the Blessed
Beauty be promulgated"? Will they be
promulgated through the senseless words
of those who pretend to be philosophers,
or through the doubts of the people of
violation and lust'! In brief, strive thou
to remain firm in the Covenant and un-
der the guarding protection of His High-
ness the Merciful.
Convey on my behalf to the maid-
servant of God, Miss Wilson, the utmost
kindness.
Upon thee be Baha-El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani;
Haifa, Palestine. July 18th, 1919.)
MARTHA ROOT
To the maid-servant of God, Martha
Root, Cambridge Springs, 
vani.a--Upon her be BAHA. 'o El-
Abha!
6 Is God!
thou who art firm in the Covenant!
Thy detailed and brief letters have
all been received, and have been at-
tentively perused. Praise be to God,
they imparted glad-tidings and joyful
news. Thou are indeed serving in the
path of God-, art with all thy energy
showing love to others, art raising the
call of the Kingdom and. art illumining
the hearts of men. Rest thou assured
that the confirmations of the Kingdom
shall encompass thee and thou shalt be-
come the recipient of the bounties of the
Lord of Hosts. Strive as much as pos-
sible to be ever active, travel to the
north and south of that land and sum-
mon all to the oneness of the world of
humanity and to universal peace, say-
ing: ye men! His Holiness 
has, fifty years ago, laid the
foundation of universal peace. He even
addressed epistles to the kings wherein
he declared that war destroys the foun-
dation of the World of humanity, that
peace is the cause of everlasting life and
that a great danger awaiteth the world
of mankind. Likewise, Abdul-Baha,
prior to this world war and three years
before its outbreak traveled throughout
Europe and America and raised his
call at all gatherings, temples and
churches saying: ye who are pres-
ent! The continent of Europe has be-
come a huge arsenal abounding with
combustible material and below which
are stored inflammable materials which
only a spark will set afiame and
will shake the world to its very founda-
tion. 0 ye who are wise! Strive per-
chance these inflammable materials will
not be set aflame.' But the appeal was
not heeded and therefore this great car-
nage has come to pass. At present all
the peoples have realized what a great
calamity war is, that war turns man

