STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE Wasr!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA Arms.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAI-IA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE Wasr, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the West they may become informed of the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Areas.
STAR OF THE WEST FOUNDATION
Northeastern States: HOOPER HARRIS. Western States: HELEN S. GOODALL.
onthern States: Josnrn H. HANNEN. Dominion of Canada: MAY MAXWELL.
Central States: ALBERT VAIL, CARL SCHEFFLER.
Editorial tafi' ALBERT R. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: AI-IMAD Sonn.-us
Vol. 10 7 1, 75 (December 12,1919) pi _i No. 
Unveiling of the Divine Plan for the Western World
Tableti' of ABDUL-BAHA read at the Sixth Session of the Eleventh Annual
Mashrekol-Azkar Convention and Bahai Congress, held in Hotel
McAlpin, New York City, April 26-30, 1919.
FIRST TABLET
To the Assemblies and Meetings of the believers of God and the maid-servants
of the Merciful in the United States and Canada--Upon them be 
El-Abha!
Ha Is God!
ye blessed souls!
I desire for you eternal success and prosperity and beg perfect confirmation
for each 011e in the divine world. My hope for you is that each one may shine
forth like unto the morning star from the horizon of the world and in this
garden of God become a blessed tree, producing everlasting fruits and results.
Therefore I direct you that which is conducive to your heavenly confirma-
tion and illumination in the Kingdom of God.
two Tablets presented herewith are addressed to the Bahai
Assemblies of the United States and Canada, instructing them to spread the
principles of in Alaska, Mexico, Central America, South America
and the '\/Vest Indies. The first Tablet was revealed in the Garden of Bahjee,
Saturday morning, April 8th, 1916; the second Tablet was revealed on Thurs-
day March 8th, 1917, at Haifa, Palestine.-The Editors.

