218 STAR OF THE WEST
its members, Mr. Bahader, who is still
here for a short visit to Abdul-Baha,
replied that their weekly Sunday gath-
erings are uninterruptedly held within
the college grounds. This leading to a
certain statement made by the president
of the college with respect to his Sunday
morning Bible classes, Abdul-Baha
referred to the relative standing of the
Holy Books and their adaptation to their
respective environment. The Old Testa-
ment, he said, is largely historical and
partly states various commands and
regulations. The "Gospel, on the other
hand, in addition to these two subjects,
reveals a whole set of admonition and
exhortation, of counsels and of advice.
The Koran embodies all three of these
and in addition reveals abstruse, scien-
tific and mathematical problems. He
then spoke in detail of the variety of
the branches in mathematics and astron-
omy as expounded by the Egyptian,
Babylonian, Greek, Roman and Persian
leaders and scientists. He then referred
to the rise of Ptolemy, his compilation
of the dilferent theories of past mathe-
maticians, his school in Alexandria, his
book being the essence and gist of pre-
vious laws and theories and his founding
the Well-known Ptolemaic system. He
told us how all astronomers and philos-
ophers believed in his system and al-
though Pythagoras and Plato revealed
contradictory facts, that the Ptolemaic
system was considered the immutable
and correct law. Then arose that illiter-
ate, young, inexperienced Arab leader in
the Arabian peninsula, who revealed his
Koran wherein the following words
are incorporated: "The sun moves in
a fixed place and each star moves in its
own heaven." These bodily challenged
the whole Ptolemaic system and shook it
clown to its very foundation. However,
it was not until the 15th century, when
the famous Copernicus discarded the
baseless interpretation of the ulemas in
their explanation of the two above-men-
tioned verses, overthrew the Ptolemaic
system and asserted the truth of the
statement of the illiterate Arab youth,
who declared the movement of the earth
and the immobility of the sun. The
whole scientific world arose to the con-
sciousness of this truth. What clearer
a11d stronger proof may be stated for
the establishment of the truth of the
Mohammedan Revelation? The Koran it-
self abounds with similar conclusive evi-
dences.
ii-i
February 10, 1919.
Dear Ahmad:
The misery and need of the civil pop-
ulation of 'Haifa, at the time of British
and allied occupation, has necessitated
the formation of a Haifa Relief Fund
composed of the heads of the different
religious denominations and acting un-
der the surveillance of the British au-
thorities with a fund collected and de-
posited at the newly established branch
of the Anglo-Egyptian Bank, The first
meeting which was held at the Governor-
ate where from the bishop to the Jew-
ish rabbi, the religious heads had all
assembled and where Abdul-Baha,
through the announcement made by the
military governor, contributed the noble
donation of ?50 and inserted his name
at the head of the list of contributors,
which will stand as a token of his gener-
osity, his approval of the means under-
taken to alleviate the burden of the poor
and his setting the noble example to the
rich and leaders of the city. This morn-
ing again I was sent to the Governor and
offered him a further sum for the re-
lief of the poor. Colonel Stanton was
indeed touched and, moved by this fur-
ther donation, hastened to write these
lines to Abdul-Baha in token of his ad-
miration and thanks, as follows:
"Your Eminence: I have today re-
ceived from your grandson the sum of
?50 as a further donation from your-
self to the Haifa Relief Fund. Please
accept on behalf of the committee
of management, my very sincerest
and most grateful thanks for this fur-

