STAR OF THE IVEST 4-7
contributed to the purchase of the site
and the creation of the initial fund for
the erection of the central building, the
I-Iouse of \Vorship, the Bahai Temple.
A significant place, in the history of
the Baha.i Movement, the first Mashrek-
ol-azkar of America Will hold. Says
Abdul-Baha:
"This organization of the Mashrekol-
azkar will be a type for the coming cen-
turies, and Will hold the station of the
mother."
Several years ago, the Bahais of Chi-
cago set up a sign on the Temple
grounds explanatory of the institution,
whose walls would soon begin to rise
upon the site. Vtayfarers read and
wayfarers understood somewhat of the
exalted purpose of the Mashrekol-azkar:
"These grounds are the site of a.n
edifice to be erected as an evident stand-
ard' in America of the oneness of hu-
ma-nity.
"Its doors will be open to all na-
tions, races and religions.
"Its charities will be dispensed With-
out regard to race or color. 'Prejudice
toward none--~love for all.'
"Here, for the first time in history,
religion and science Will become har-
monious, each the hanclmaid of the other,
both showering their spiritual gifts on
all humanity. -
"Until the erection of this great edi-
fice, all are Welcome to this beautiful
spot and, in its enjoyment, We ask you
to keep it pure and sacred."
Service to humanity, hospitality~--
slogans of the Bahai Movement. Hos-
pitality which, as to the Temple grounds,
has been overwhelmingly accept-ed.
'When, i11 the future, the Mashrekol-
azkar stands before the World, in all its
completeness, it will comprise the Tem-
ple of Worship with numerous acces-
sories for service the externalization
of the great principles, so emphatically,
so insistently proclaimed by 
college for the higher scientific
education, a school for orphan children
and the poor, a hospital and medical
dispensary, a home for cripples, a hos-
pice, and other institutions, Where art
and music and science and truth shall
find their highest, most brilliant, freest,
most perfect expression.
The Mashrekol-azkar will be more
than a university, more than an insti-
tution conceived by men, established by
men. From it shall emanate the most
advanced scientific knowledge, which
shall harmonize in its entirety with our
developing religious consciousness, our
heritage from the teachings of 
LLAI-I and Abdul-Baha, Theirs is not
empirical knowledge.
The Mashrekol-azkar shall be the
standard for human achievement. Here
art and music and literature shall have
their beginning and their glorious frui-
tion. And, under its powerful infiuence,
life shall be forever changed, forever
glorified.
"When the llfashrekol-azkar, with its
accessories, is established in the World,
aside from its religious, or spiritual, in-
fluence, it shall have a tremendous effect
upon civilization. (Ab dul-Baha.)
The building of the Mashrekol-azkal'
is a colossal undertaking. The central
house of Worship is concentrating the
attention and the energies today of the
followers of Abdul-Baha. No decision
as yet has been reached as to architec-
tural design. The ultimate may be a
composite, achieved by the spiritual con-
secration of the architects of the orient
and of the occident. The Taj Mahal
of India has been suggested as a model
for the Mashrekol-azkar, because of its
beauty and perfection of architecture.
\Vhatever architectural plan will be
chosen for the Bahai Temple, it will
emphasize, in its structure, essential
features of the Bahai Faith. Great
beauty of design, the expression of nine,
the perfect number, throughout the
structure. Nine entrances will distin-

