STAR OF THE WEST 329
It happened that While Mr. and Mrs.
Randall and daughter, Mr. Vail, Mr.
Arthur Hathaway and Mr. George Lati-
mer were in Alexandria on their way
back to America'from their trip to Haifa,
the group was enlarged with the ae-
cidental presence of Dr. Zia Bagdadi
and his honored Wife who added to the
beauty of the occasion. These two
groups met in Alexandria in the port,
and expressed their desire to see the
friends, and the friends here responded
eagerly to that desire. Also it happened
that Dr. Basheer, who was studying
medicine formerly in Chicago, and who
now practices his profession in Port
Said, happened to be in Alexandria.
These were all the guests of Alexandria
011 the night of December 3d, 1919', and
the Alexandrian friends hastened from
dit'ferent- quarters to welcome the Amer-
ican friends. They have not seen such
friends for a long period of time. l/Ve
had a splendid and memorable meeting
with meeting that reminded us
of the days when Abdul-Baha was in
Ramleh and We used to have similar
meetings. The thing that affected us
most and left a vivid impression on our
minds, was the spirit with which they
were returning from Haifa. V\7e no-
ticed that they had become new
creatures, full of spirit, life and love,
charming and attractive, affecting, with
their burning soul, every one who came
in contact with them.
Thus, because of their presence, our
meeting was most spiritual, full of Ba-
hai love and every face radiantly happy.
Each one of the friends gave us a short
talk of what they saw and heard in
Haifa, which was translated immedi-
ately. A new Egyptian beginner in the
Cause was amazed at seeing the Amer-
ican friends associatin-g with us with
love and harmony, as if we were inti-
mate friends who had known each other
and met often before. After the chant-
ing of Tablets in Arabic and Persian
by Zeenat Khanum as well as the read-
ing of a supplication in English by rs.
Randall, supper was served.
The next day I went to the boat to
bid them farewell. I saw two young
Egyptian students who were on their
way to Germany to study medicine and
introduced them to our American
friends who received them with Bahai
cordiality. The students, seeing my
friendliness with the Americans, ex-
pressed their wonder to me in Arabic
saying, "How did you come to know
such sincere Really, this
is one of the good results of the visits
of the Bahai friends to the Orient. Not
because the Orientals have not seen Oc-
cidentals, but because they are not ac-
customed to Witness such love as is mani-
fested between 'Western and Eastern
Bahais.
I conclude with the Bahai love and
greeting to all,
Faithfully yours in the Center of the
Covenant,
Zllohamed Said Adham.
Recent Tablet from Abdul-Baha to Alfred E. Lunt
To his honor, Mr. Alfred Lunt, Boston,
him be BAHA-
El-Abha!
He Is God!
0 thou who art firm in the Covenant!
Rest thouassured in the bounty of
the Merciful, and be hopeful for the
blessings of the Abha Kingdom, for thou
dost exert the utmost effort in service
for Truth and this magnet attracts
assistance and confirmation. The ad-
dresses thou hast delivered with ref-
erence to economic problems are highly
suitable. The essence of the Bahai
economic teachings is this, that immense
riches far beyond what is necessary
should not be accumulated. For in-
stance, the well-known Morgan, who
possessed a sum of three hundred mil-

