60 STAR OF
make the orthodox quite uncomfortable.
While he expected to live and die a
Christian, he could not be narrow. He
was not interested in sources but joined
the river where it enters the sea, where
all unite. He said, "We are all getting
mixed up. \/Ve must all be decent or
perish. The religion that makes people
decent is preferred. To convert a decent
Buddhist into an indecent Christian is
absurd. But to change an indecent man
THE WEST
ing closer together we get nearer to God,
richer in His knowledge. Those who
think that the fighting spirit and suc-
cess in arms alone make a first class peo-
ple have yet much to learn. The uni-
versal note of harmony is the music of
the spheres."
Rev. Albert R. Vail, the last speaker,
gave an address which in loftiness of
thought and beauty of expression, was
a fitting climax to the speeches of the
SEVENTH SESSION BAHAI CONGRESS
. 8 o'clock P. M., Tuesday. April 29th
'l
 Chairman
ZORAYA Boston
ORGAN 
Wmus 
It is the hope of Abdul Hahn just as ye Are confirmed and lssisicd on the
Continent of America, ye may also be confirmed Ind assisted in other Continents
ol the is. ye mly carry the fume oi the Curse. of God to the Enst Ind
to th th Glsd-t'di of th 
es on spren ng appearance of the Kingdom of the
Lord ol' Hosts throughout the five Continents of the w0rld.--Abdui Boha Abbas.
Msson Rx-snnr, Washington
"The Meeting of the East the West"
In the msttera oi this world, however much min may strive norlr tn the
point of death, he vvitl be unlhle to earn the the freedom and the in-
dependent life of a smell bird. This proves and eshblishes the Incl. man is not
crested for the life of this ephemeral world:--nly, rsther, is he crested for the oc-
quirement of infinite pcrlections, for the attainment to the sublimity of the world
. of humsnity, to be drawn nigh unto the Divine Threshold, and to sit on the throne
of Everlasting Sovereignty!

Atrnr-an E. Lun-r, Boston
"The Solution of the Economic and Industrial Problem."

SoNc--~Cosmopolitan Group
(French, Italian, Russian, German, Persian)
Rtmvo BOGISLAV
MIRZA AHMAD Somun
"Unveiling of the Divine Plan"
Tablet No. 1 iahd Tablet No. 2 to the Bshai Assemblies {ind
Meetings of the United States and Canada regarding the
spreadin of the Principles of Realit i.n the Of the
Pacific gcean, Australia, New Zealand, Tasmania, Asia.
Africa. and Europe. Revealed by Abdul Baha.
of one faith into a decent man of another
is progress. All must be left the free-
dom of choice. We cannot enslave others
Without degradation to ourselves. The
program of the Bahais is a big one. In
the Bahai Movement the spirit has a
new power." He hoped he would con-
tinue to have the honor of friendship
with the Bahais.
Mr. Gibran of New York, said, "One
of the most beautiful things in religion
is the statement revealed by God: 
was a hidden Treasure and I created
man that I might be known.' By draw-

Unveiling of Tablets
Knsnouu _a.nd Raven. .
Chairman
Reading of Commune appearing at the end of the TB-blet
Ammo Sonmn
Chanting of the Commune in Persian

EIGHTH SESSION BAHA1 CONGRESS
8 o'clock M., Wednesday, April 30th
cl I
WILLIAM Hum, Fo,nwo0d,'N. J.
ORGAN Prmnuns:
W1u.Is Ammo .
The Bleierl Person, of the Promised One is in-the 
Lord of Hosts, the hesvenb umieo! By he-venly mum 1_n- i
tended who nre entirely free from the tnnionned 
'spirits and hove become divine Balm Abbot.
Ray. C. Ivns, New York City
"The Coming of the Promised One"
The Power of will protect the Cause of BehA'o'llsiz from the doubts
of the peoglee of amt. It is the fortified Oi I-l'l= Of G04 Ind i-he film
pillar oi religion of God. Todsy pa power e_nn egnserve the ?f the
Bohni world leve the Covenant, of cthuvngq dsfiereame like unto: most
great tzfifat will encomposl the Baht Iorld. It mount um: the up of the
oneness the world of humnnity is the power of Covenant end nothing else.
--Abdul Boha Abbot.
DR. Zn. M. Bnomun, Chicago, 
"The Most Great Characteristic, the Center of the Covenant" .
"The Fountain.Zobe1
ANNA W. 
1: I
evening. He explained that the Bahai
Movement is the springtime of regenera-
tion for the whole world. It is the free-
dom of man to flow in the current of
the will of God. He dwelt upon the
simplicity and beauty of the life of Ab-
dul-Baha, who not only reflects the light
of the New Day but unites its Gospel,
because he is selfless. In him the Word
is made flesh and lives a human life.
The divine love and bounty which
radiate from him, the Center of the
Covenant, set all hearts aglow.
Rev. Howard C. Ives in great spiritual

