STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present- thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture -thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and voice and fame will be raised
and Become world-wide--and at>> last thou shalthecome the first paper of the world of human-
lty. Yet all these depend upon firmness firm-11 688, 
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE Wssr, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promul gator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the West they may become informed of the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Areas.
sr/112 OF THE WEST FOUNDATION 
Northeastern States: I-Ioorsa H.-nuns.
I/Vestern States: HELEN S. GOODALL.
Southern States: Dominion of Canada: MAY 
Central States: ALBERT VAIL, CARL SCHEFFLER.
Editorial Stafi": ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE ZIA M. 
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD S01-IRAB
Vol: IQ Mulk 1,75 (February 7, 192Q) if 7 iNo. 13
News from Egypt
LETTER FROM MOHAMED s./tn) ADHAM
Alexandria, Egypt,
December 6, 1919.
Dear Bahai friends in America:
We feel inclined to express to you
our great pleasure at having seen some
of the American Bahais on their Way
from and to Acca. Really it is a privi-
lege to see pure souls steadfast in the
Covenant, ready to teach the Cause, hav-
ing no higher aims other than the en-
lightenment of the leaves of humanity.
Praise be to God, that the door of com-
munication With our beloved Master is
again opened after five years. Cer-
tainly it is of the highest importance to
see Abdul-Baha, equally important to
teach the Cause and travel for this pur-
pose, and last but not least, is to meet
and associate with pure and blessed souls.
"If thou Willest to associate with God,
associate with his friends."
Now, as We are not pilgrims nor
teachers traveling for that purpose, We
were favored in seeing quite a good
number of American friends whose faces
were gleaming with lights and Whose
tongues had no other mention but the
love of the Cause. It Was our good luck
to be Where We had the chance of meet-
ing and conversing with friends from
the Occident who were thousands of
miles away from their homes. as-
certained, that the brotherhood of hu-
manity is fulfilled and the East and the
"Test embrace each other as two longing
lovers. Let those Whodeny this, present
themselves in such Bahai meetings, and
they shall behold with their own eyes
What they do not conceive in their own
minds. This is from the favor and
bounty .of to his friends.
This is the spirit of the Bahai society
for all are brothers no matter what they
were before.

