346 STAR OF
Joseph was stricken he was ever active
and serving in the Cause. The last ma-
terial service which he did for the
friends was to go to the postoffice to get
the mail to be forwarded to our travel-
ing Bahai teachers, Messrs. Gregory,
Roy 'Williams and Mirza Ahmad Sohrab.
After the fatal accident the family gave
me the letters which he had had upon
his person to be forwarded to these
friends. Upon examining the envelopes
I found them to be stained and bespat-
tered with Brother Joseph 's blood,
which was a symbolic testimony of his
last service to the friends.
During these years of Mr. Hannen's
labors he carried many burdens of serv-
ice to the Cause. He was the standby
in the 'Washington assembly--~the one
upon whom every one depended. He
was always in the meetings and gather-
ings of the friends, and when anyone
Wanted anything done quickly and with-
out delay he was the one to whom they
turned, knowing that on him they could
depend with certainty. Moreover,
Brother Joseph was always cheerful and
happy in his service, and his firmness
in the Covenant was a fortress and pro-
tection to all who knew him. He made
great sacrifices in the path of Abdul-
Baha, the fruits of which many of the
friends have already witnessed, while
those who knew him a-re convinced that
in time the far-reaching effects of his
Bahai work will be-come more generally
and widely recognized and acknowl-
edged than it is at present.
Joseph Hannen served alike the white
and the colored friends. At the request
of his family both colored and White
united in carrying his remains to the
grave. He was ever striving to create
unity and good fellowship between the
two races.
The friends in all parts of America
have telegraphed and written beautiful
messages of sympathy and love to the
Hannen family. \Vhile Mr. Hannen's
mother, wife, sons and other relatives
are suffering most intensely because of
this separation, they are, however, com-
THE WEST
pletely resigned to the Will of God and
are happy and tranquil in their souls
because of God's bounty bestowed upon
them and upon their departed loved one
in his accepted services to the Center of
the Covenant of God.
Charles Mason Remey.
MR-S. ELIZABETH DIGGETT
Mother was born and reared in South
Carolina. She received the message in
August, 1904, and ever since that time
had been a devoted believer and worker
in the Cause. She taught from Coast
to Coast and from the Gulf to the Great
Lakes. She was especially gifted in at-
tracting new believers. Mother person-
ally served Abdul-B aha at the table dur-
ing his sojourn in Chicago. He re-
warded her with several roses. She died
May 7th, 1919, saying the Greatest
Name, age 51 years. She Was buried
in Oakwoods Cemetery, Chicago.
I have brought her Bahai books and
literature in anticipation of opening a.
memorial room to her in Atlanta,
(Georgia). We are looking for the pro-
per location now.
Medic 
VVILLIAM LUDYVIG
William Ludwig died at Chicago, in
August, 1919. The family requested
Bahai services.

