STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 10 Masheyat l, 75 (September 27, 1919) No. ll
The Oneness of the World of Humanity
Address by URBAIN delivered at the Fifth Session of the Bahai Congress
at Hotel McAlpin, New York City, Monday evening,
April 28th, 1919. Stenographically reported.
GOD has given me the power of speak-
ing to many people. It is 
said that one may present to you the pre-
lude of the organ, but the organ itself
has been destined to chant the praise
of One Whose glory would extend to all
parts of the universe, and that part Of
the universe that it took the longest to
reach Was the universe within. And as
Ali has so beautifully and so inspiringly
said, "Why Worriest thou when in thee
is being unfolded the universe?"
I traveled far and Wide--~as a pioneer
I came from New France (Canada)-
to all parts of the world of men and the
World of earth, seeking, seeking ever
seeking, for the glory of God expressed
in justice and in loving service. In
vain did I seekfound. Justice had fled from earth and
loving service was expressed in inaction.
And as a sunken trunk of a tree was I
drifting upon the ocean of life, sinking,
sinking and sinking continually into the
condition manifest in certain periods of
history--a dead primeval humanity.
Justice, loving service, so expressive of
the oneness of the World of humanity,
Was not there shining forth. . . 
Like a discoverer had I gone forth,
possibly like Cartier, when he left St.
Mahlo, to discover the new France. Like
*An added charm of this address lay
in the earnestness of the speaker and the
quaint English of a French-Canadian.--
The Editors.
a child had he gone forth in a new world,
to discover a new humanity. But the
voyage was long, very long indeed, for
what the child was seeking was the one-
ness of humanity within. There were
two personalities struggling with each
other, the material and the spiritual.
And the material had as a motto, "Go
there in the struggle of life, in the stren-
uous life of America; that nothing was
impossible to him who willed." VVitl1
that he had gone forth in material con-
quest, and for a certain time was spoiled
that note so beautifully brought by the
love of a mother, Whose human tender
feelings were great and whose oneness
of love centered upon an only boy for
Whom she had waited ten years. Being
absolutely material in his ambition he
became part of that world of materiality
that today is struggling against the true
realities of life, and that we find man-
ifested in these divisions of races, in
these divisions of nations, and in these
divisions of caste.
The oneness of the World of humanity
can be found first of all in the conquest
of the self Within you! Selfishness,
pride, vain-glory, social distinction,
intellectual superiority, material ac-
quirement. If you are able to sever
yourself from these slaveries of pride,
of selfishness, of greed, of vain-glory and
of distinction of caste classifications, you
will have the beginning of the assurance
of oneness within yourself. It is the
first and greatest struggle.

