STAR OF THE WEST 153
In the days of Noe, those who entered the Ark of the Covenant were savccl
from the rising "Waters" which submerged the highest "mountains."
In these days of the Son of Man, those who enter into His Ark and are
firm in the Covenant, are saved.
Editors.
"The Covenant of God is like unto a vast
and fathomless ocean"
TABLET TO HOWARD MA (TNUTT
To his honor Mr. Howard MacNutt,
Brooklyn, New him be
Bzinifio 'nLa1i El-Aloha I
He Is God!
thou old friend!
A month ago a letter was Written to
the favored maid-servant of God, Mrs.
l\'IacNutt, and at present two letters
from you dated February 18th and 21st,
1919, have been received' Their text in-
dicated firmness and perseverance in the
Kingdom of the exalted Lord.
Today, every Wise, vigilant and fore-
sighted person is awakened, and to him
are unveiled the mysteries of the future,
that nothing save the power of the Cove-
nant is able to stir and more the heart
of humanity; just as the new and the old
Testaments have propounded through-
out all regions the Cause of His Holi-
ness Cause that has been the
pulsating power in the body of the hu-
man world. A tree that has a root shall
bear fruit, While the tree which is de-
void of it, no matter how high a11d
hardy it may be, will eventually Wither,
perish, and like unto a log be fit for fire.
The Covenant of God is like unto a
vast and fathomless ocean. A billow
shall rise and surge therefrom and shall
east ashore all accumulated foam.
In brief, praise be to God, that the
highest Wish entertained by heedful
souls is the exalt-ation of the "lord of
God and the propagation of divine
fragrances. This is, verily, the secure
and firm foundation.
At present, like unto the morn, the
lights of the Sun of Truth have been
shed around. Effort must be made that
slumbe-ring souls may be awakened, the
heedless become vigilant, and the divine
instructions, which constitute the spirit
of this age, may reach the ears. of the
people of the World, may be propagated
in papers and enunciated in meetings
with the utmost brilliancy and elo-
quence.
One's conduct must be like the con-
duct of Paul, and one's faith similar to
that of Peter. This 1nusk~scented breeze
shall perfume the nostrils of the people
of the world, and this spirit shall re-
suscitate the dead.
The offensive odor of violation has
temporarily arrested the onward move-
ment of the Cause, for otherwise, the
divine teachings, like unto the rays of
the sun, 'would immediately spread and
radiate throughout all regions.
The addresses of Abdul-Baha which
thou has compiled and which thou in-
tendest to print and publish is indeed
very advisable. This service shall cause
thee to acquire an eifulgent face in the
Abha Kingdom, and shall make thee the
object of the praise and gratitude of the
friends in the East as Well as the West.
But this is to be undertaken with the
utmost carefulness, so that the exact
text may be reproduced and will exclude
all deviations and corruptions commit-
ted by previous interpreters.
Convey on my behalf the utmost kind-
ness and respect to the respected maid-
servaut of God, Mrs. MacNutt.
Upon thee be Baha-el-Abha!
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, April
13, 1919. House of Abdul-Baha, Haifa,
Palestine.)

