336 STAR OF THE 
Spiritual Communication
A TALK WITH ABDUL-BAHA BY MRS. STANNARD
Notes sent by Mrs. J. Stannard to Mrs. Louise R. W'aite
I ASKED Abdul-Baha concerning the
state of all those young men souls
who have fallen so suddenly and tragic-
ally during our world war. Could they
affect our present living conditions in
any way?
His reply ran as follows: "God
treats these people with His mercy, not
with His justice, since God is against
war. But as many did not will the war,
but were obliged to go to the battle
field by force of circumstances, there-
fore God has mercy for they suffered
much and they lost their lives. These
deserve the forgiveness of God. As they
suffered in the world and were afflicted
by great calamities and their blood Was
shed and in reality they were treated
unjustly and thus died unwillingly,
therefore God Will l1ave mercy and for-
give their shortcomings and will reward
them. He will compensate them for
loss. Is it just to be so afflicted and
killed and suffer and have no reward?
This is contrary to the Kingdom of God.
"Te supplicate God that these murdered
ones will become and stay alive in His
Kingdom and be Submerged in the sea
of His mercy and be happy."
I then asked Whether such a great col-
lective soul consciousness could in any
way affect the world of men. Could any
get into communication?
To the first part of the question he
answered: They have no power
to influence the world of men and only
those who in life had been among the
spiritually regenerated ones, those who
had been re-born or baptized of the Holy
Spirit, only such souls could consciously
communicate or have knowledge of
things in this world."
Wllen I asked about the station of
the very wicked, he said:
"They are in a state of dark con-
sciousness, deprived of the mercy of
God, but were not annihilated."
From Shoghi's Diary, on the same
subject, we may read as follows:
"June 6th. Yesterday afternoon, at
3 P. M., two enlightened officers, one
British and the other Irish, Col. Cash
and Major Fitzgerald, called on the
Master. They were hurrying back on
their way to Egypt and were leaving by
the evening train for Kantarah. They
managed to spare two hours in order
to secure an interview with Abdul-Baha,
and among the questions was the follow-
mg:
"Is it at all possible for those who
have sacrificed their lives so freely 011
the battle field to communicate with their
relatives and kindred from the world
beyond 
The epitome of Abdul-Bal1a's reply
was as follows:
This spiritual communication and
mutual exchange of thoughts is condi-
tioned upon certain facts that prepare
the person in this world to communicate
with the spirit of his departed ones. A
clear mind, a pure heart and a concen-
trated attention a.re the requisites for
that spiritual inter-communication. Like
unto a mirror, man's heart and mind
must be purified, clarified and polished.
Any dust or rust that may be on it such
as attachment to this nether world, the
turning of man's face away from God,
sin or lust, animosity and rancour--all
these must be removed that the rays of
the.Sun of Truth may shine upon it in
full splendor and may be reflected there-
from with full effulgence. If such state
or condition is attained, communication
with the world above will be made pos-
sible. Purity of purpose and concen-
tration with prayer are the essential re-
quisites.

