STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE West!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscrii;-ers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE Wnsr, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the West, they may become informed with the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
STAR OF THE WEST FOUNDATION
North-eastern States: Hoornn Western States: HELEN S. 
Southern States: Josnrn H. HANNEN. Domirt/ion of Canada: MAY MAXWELL.
Central States: ALBERT VAIL, CARL SCHEFFLER.
Editorial Stafi': ALBERT R. W1NDUST--GERTRUDE BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. Bnemnt
Honorary Member: AHMAD SOHRAB
Vol. 10 Eizzat 1, 75 (September 8, 1919) No. 10
AlZah'0'Abha!
Although Abdul-Baha's message to the Bahais of America is given indirectly
through Marie Weinstein, a journalist (see reprint of article page 195), it is
none the less direct and to the point. said: "Tell my followers that I am
always asking heavenly help for them, and that my deepest desire is that they
shall be the source of enlightenment of humanity and the unity of all races of
mankind. The point of distinction among men, let them remember, is their
deeds, not their beliefs or Words. I charge my disciples, too, at this time to
show love even toward their 'enemies.' They have no 'enemies.' The enemy
of man is himself."
--The Editors.
flowers will never fade and its freshness
never pass away. I hope that the West-
ern friends may become the spiritual ir-
rigators of the Kingdom, allay the thirst
of the thirsty ones and let the waters
of divine knowledge, the ideal of the
Fatherhood of God and the brotherhood
of man, flood the world of humanity."
. . . . . Many days later, while
I was following him through his garden
in Haifa, he again asked me to speak.
I talked about the wonderful natural
scenes in the Western States. I dwelt
on the hot geysers of Yellowstone Park,
the wonderful waterfalls of the Yosemite
Valley and the strangely formed cliffs
of the Grand Canyons of Colorado. I
spoke about the wooded valleys, the
snow-capped mountains, the wonderful
bursting springs, the shimmering lakes.
the granite peaks, and the giant trees.
The Master always made a big capital
about my love for America, and laughed
at my enthusiasm in half-earnest, half-

