48 STAR OF THE WEST
guish the Bahai Temple from all other
temples of the world, symbolic of the
religious paths by which the Bahais of
the world have come into the realization
that religion is one, that humanity is
one, that God is One, Father of all.
Beautiful flower gardens shall adorn the
grounds and fountains of pure water.
Beauty and majesty of outward expres-
sion. The whole surmounted by a
towering dome, it, too, a symbol of the
great unity, as conceived by 
LLAH.
The Bahai Temple Will carry its mes-
sage far. Far up and down the shore
of Lake Michigan, far out upon the lake,
its dome will be visible, the first land-
mark sighted by sailors coming into
port, the last seen by them forthfaring.
And from afar, inland, will rise upon
the vision this lofty monument to the
greatness and glory of God, manifested
through 
Into the Bahai Temple, this Holy of
Holies, this Sanctuary of the living God,
the Bahai will go for prayer, for wor-
ship, for spiritual refreshment. This
is the first requirement. He comes forth
renewed and strengthened, and stimu-
lated to greater service for humanity,
through the various accessories of the
Mashrekol-azkar.
"The Mashrekol-azkar of Chicago is
of the greatest importance. This is a
Bahai Temple, a supreme house of
worship, a place of spiritual gathering,
and the manifestation of divine myster-
ies." (Abdul-Baha.)
The relentless forces of freedom and
justice and truth are at work in the
world. The spiritual currents of the
new cycle submerge us. Political and
religious formulas of the past have failed
of effectiveness. Out of the old the vir-
tue has gone. We demand a new inter-
pretation of life, of God, of service; a
new religious statement, that shall de-
molish antiquated dogmas and supersti-
tion. In the perpetual presence of God
would we dwell, face to face with the
great Reality.
Heretofore, in our quest for light and
truth, we have stumbled and groped
blindly. Today the scales have fallen
from our eyes. are clear of vision,
dauntless of soul. Destruction all about
us. Yet do we feel the infusion of
new vivid life blood into the dead body
of the world.
Destruction all about us--to make way
for the brilliant era of reconstruction
before us.
new era of divine consciousness is
upon us. The world of humanity is go-
ing through a process of transformation.
A new race is being developed. The
thoughts of human brotherhood are
permeating the depths of hearts and a
new spirit of universal consciousness is
being profoundly felt by all men."
(Abdul-Baha) .
The new statement of truth a11d life,
the new interpretation, is made with
tremendous, overwhelming, irrefutable
power by and Abdul-Baha.
In the Bahai Movement lies the hope
of the future. "It is the essence of
all the highest ideals of this century."
(Abdul-Baha). Ideals that are not mere
abstractions, but the impelling force of
dynamic action in human life.
The Mashkerol-azkar, the first insti-
tution of the new age, is the expression
of Reality--reality of worship, reality
of service, reality of brotherhood, reality
of internationalism.
"Just as the external world is a place
where various peoples of different hues
and colors, of various faiths a11d denom-
inations, meet; just as they are sub-
merged in the same sea of favors, like-
wise all may meet under the dome of
the Mashrekol-azkar and adore the one
God in the same spirit of truth, for the
ages of darkness have passed away and
the century of light has arrived." (Ab-
dul-Baha).

