STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
In the Interests of the BAHAI MOVEMENT
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the postofiicaat Chicago, Ill? under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Editorial tafl' ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA  BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOI-IRAB 7% 77;
$2.50 per year; 15 cents per copy
Make Money Orders Payable to BAI-IAI SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, U. S. A.
7 To ipersonal checks please add sufiicient to cover the bank exchange: fr'?
Address all communications to BAI-IAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box Z83, Chicago, 111., U. S. A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
e~ Is God!
thou STAR or THE West!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
thou for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, 'become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
wi_ll increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the World of human-
ity. Yet all these depnd upon firmness, firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA Amms.
Vol. 10 Azamat 1, 75 (May 17, 1919) No.4
ALLAH A 
The dark clouds of outer separation between the Orb of the Covenant and
the Bahais in the west have been entirely scattered through the appearance of
nine new Tablets brought by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab from the presence of Abdul-
Baha.
The messenger proclaimed them: The Divine Plan and Charter of the
New Age.
The far-reaching significance and the power of these Tablets unveiled at-
the Eleventh Annual Mashrekol-Azkar Convention and Bahai Congress dazzled
the spiritual sight of all who attended those never-to-be-forgotten meetings.
Abdul-Baha cabled: "Let this be the Convention of the Covenant." It was.
It is the hope and intention of the STAR or THE to reflect, insofar as
possible, the brillianey of that epoch-making event.
In this issue we publish the first of the new Tablets, together with talks given
at the first session.
We are also happy in presenting as a title page to this issue a cover design
created by Carl Scheffler, and a poem by Joseph H. Hannen entitled "The Call"
both prompted by the spirit of this new hour.
--The Editors.

