STAR OF THE WEST 299
making up its citizenship. Therefore
until they produce a system, a method
of adequately meeting the real evils,
shall We run after their ideas when God
Himself has given us the solution to
these industrial and economic problems?
Only the emanations of the divinity,
the love of God, can solve this problem.
Until the hearts of humanity are in-
stilled with that love, until they are
transformed, until the bird of humanity
is raised from the 1nud and clay of de-
sire and passion and selfishness, and re-
leased from these chains, and from the
prison of the contingent World, and flies
in the air of the spirit, how can We apply
the divine remedy'? In other Words, it
is transformation, it is metamorphosis,
it is resurrection, it is rebirth, which is
needed. And that is the mission and
the task of the great Manifestation of
this age, and the Center of His Cove-
nant who is amongst us; and unless We
look to that divine plan We have no
redress.
If We want to help the people of the
World and ourselves and rise from this
low, degraded station, let us find the
sweet Words of life which nave flowed
from the lips of the mighty Manifes-
tation of God. He is the skillful phy-
sician Whose finger is on your pulse and
mine, on the pulse of those needy souls
in the Bowery, on the pulse of the souls
in the palaces. He is God, and He in-
cludes them all, and He has a provision
for all, and His provision is this--and I
must hurry this, perhaps more than it
ought to be hurried, but it must be
brought to a close--His provision con-
templates a.n arrangem ent which will
forever prevent pauperism, which will
forever prevent the sufferings of the
poor, such as We have known and know
today, which will forever prevent the
continued amassing of cumbersome for-
tunes on the scale We have witnessed by
those who recognize no master but self,
in respect to the use that' they make of
their possessions.
This provision Will equalize to a cer-
tain degree society, Without interfering
with the inherent, creative, and individ-
ual initiative, Which God has implanted
at the roots of our beings. It is 11ot
going to be a Soeialistic collectivism or
communism. Abdul-Baha says this is
impossible because it would interfere,
or attempt to interfere, with the divine
law itself, and when you attempt to
interfere with the divine law you are
overborne, defeated. Therefore, these
remedies of equality, so-called, which do
not take into consideration the vary-
ing capacities of men, do not succeed.
The divine physician recognizes His
handiwork and He calls for the admin-
istration of justice to every soul, and
the inclusion of all.
Now this divine plan comprises sev-
eral different aspects. First, the inher-
itance law. No longer shall a Wealthy
man be able to hand down his entire for-
tune to his oldest son, creating a family
autocracy of enormous Wealth, which
through the years, or so long as the
family resists the process of degeneracy,
may constitute a menace to society. In-
stead of this, the Bahai law provides
that every fortune, small and great, shall
be distributed equally among the chil-
dren, and others of kin and groups in
certain definite proportions. In this,
also, is contained another important pro-
vision which in turn must not be ignored
because it relates to the very heart and
soul, that of educat2T0n--that is, for the
establishment in every life, in every dis-
tribution of fortune, of a definite part to
be given to the teachers of the World.
How this will elevate the station of the
teacher, which is so crippled today, ill-
trained, poorly paid as many of them
are, incompetent 'in many cases. Under
the training of the divine institutes,
illumined by the light of the new and
Wonderful sciences of this new age, the
teachers of the World, endowed and pro-
tected by this fund, will become the
mirrors of heavenly knowledge, and
the moulders of character and wisdom.
Then, you Will see humanity leap for-

