STAR OF WEST 119
power of the Holy Spirit in the life of
humanity.
In brief: The Holy Spirit revealed
by the Manifcstatioii of God, 
LLAH, is the mysterious force of civiliza-
tion in this new age.
Abdul-Baha has re'-'ealed a prayer vi-
brant with this force. I will read it:
"Bring them together again, Lord,
by the power of Thy Covenant and
gather their dispersion by the might of
Thy promise, and unite their hearts by
the dominion of Thy love; and make
them love each other so that they may
sacrifice their spirits, expend their
money, and sacrifice themselves for the
love of one another. Lord, cause to
descend upon them quietness and tran-
quillity. Shower upon them the clouds
of Thy mercy in great abundance and
make them to characterize themselves
with the characteristics of the spiritual.
Lord, make us firm in Thy noble com-
mand and bestow upon us Thy gifts
through Thy bounty, grace and munifi-
cence. Verily, Thou art the Generous,
the Merciful and the Benevolentl".
Today, on earth--according to the Will
of is estab-
lishing the new civilization through this
mysterious force.
Allah 'o 'Abha I
The Universal House of Worship
Address by Mus. CORINNE TRUE of Chicago, at the Third Session of the Bahai
Congress, held at New York City, Sunday evening, April 27th,
1919. Stenographically reported.
MR. Windust has so beautifully led up
to the present subject of the Mash-
rekol-Azkar; and the Mashrekol-Azkar
is one of the greatest proofs of the work-
ing of this mysterious force of civiliza-
tion. It is the first outward symbol, the
first divine institution, under the teach-
ings of to be erected in
the West. I will read you 
own "lords about the construc-
tion of this house of worship. In the
Book, Kitab-cl-Aholas, 
says:
concourse of creation! people,
construct homes or houses, in the most
beautiful fashion possible, in every city
and every land. I11 the Name of the
Lord of religion, adorn them with that
which beseemeth them, not with pictures
or paintings. Then comniemorate the
Lord, the Merciful, the Clement, in
spirit and fragrance. Verily, by His
mention, by this commemoration, the
breasts shall be dilated, the eyes illu-
mined, and hearts gladdened, and thus
shall you pray the Orient of Praises in
the Mashrekol-Azkar."
When the Executive Board or Com-
mittee on Program asked me what I
would speak upon, they suggested the
Ma.shrekol-Azkar, or any subject I
wished. I telegraphed them this sub-
ject, "The Universal House of Vilorship
for the New Age".
In Chicago we had a peace meeting
not a great while ago. Mr. Taft came
and 'held a conference regarding the
League of Nations; the different reli-
gious denominations met and worked
together as hard as they could, and on
the last afternoon of that conference,
someone arose and suggested that the
League of Nations was a Christian insti-
tution. A Jewish rabbi, who had
worked equally as hard as the Chris-
tian, insisted that it could not be limited
to a Christian institution.
And so today in all walks you will
find the same thing, because we are in
a new day. You cannot put wine into
old bottles when it is new wine. It will
ferment. It will burst your old bottles.
You must put your new wine into new
bottles. Abdul-Baha says "The gift of
Cod to this enlightened age is knowledge
of the oneness of the world of humanity"

