186 STAR OF THE WEST
confirmed is the oneness of the world of
humanity. -Every soul who serves this
oneness undoubtedly will be assisted.
I hope that in the Assemblies thou
mayest sing praises with a sweet melody
and become the cause of joy and glad-
ness to all.
Upon thee be El-Baha-el-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUDBAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, De-
cember 30, 1918. Haifa, Palestine.)
To Live the 'Life
(Continued from page 183)
realize What that world may become when
the objective side of existence has put
its hands firmly into that of the subjec-
tive side of existence and both reverent-
ly and lovingly are looking to that di-
vine Source from which alone our wis-
dom can arrive to us? That is what
Abdul-Baha means when he says that
women will prevent war. It is that
woman knowing in the soul of her in-
finite patience, what is the divine ideal
to which mankind may attain, Waits
patiently for its consummation and is
never willing to hurry it by the crudity
and the coarseness of force, and so in
that world which is stretching before us
through all its tumult, through all its
anguish, through all its anger, there is
coming this new presence of patience,
this .new presence of love which will
wait, this new presence of kindliness
which will not criticize, and that is to
make itself present in the world through
this franchise which is given everywhere
to womankind, through this council
which is granted to womankind, through
this freedom and this equality of com-
radeship which henceforth will guard
and guide not only the fortunes of the
world collectively, but, thank heaven, the
individual fortunes of the individual
man and woman who are united to con-
summate the life of this world. I know
you have thought of the meaning of
that wonderful little word, conduct,
and how it applies to your life, how it
applies to mine, of how it is the silver
thread marking the path along which
we finally reach the little haven of rest
and of comfort whence we can look
back and survey the anguish of the
path which we have pursued because it
is through conduct that we attain intui-
tion, it is through conduct that we ob-
tain self control, it is through conduct
that we are enabled at last to stand off
and look at ourselves and realize what
beastly things we have been-in the past
which is so near us, because we may
theorize and we may prophesy all that
we can, and we may read holy books and
we may commit them to memory, we
may have every text at our tongue's
end, and if we have not stopped to say,
"What did I do yesterday"? How did I
hurt my friend? I-Iow did I forget that
wonderful law which Abdul-Baha has
given us as the Golden Rule of this day
and the coming not ca
cause of grief to anyone is all in
vain.
Be not a cause of grief to anyone.
There is so much grief in this world.
There is so much anguish that we can-
not escape. There is so much sorrow
that we cannot avoid that presently,
after we have begun to realize it, and
after our own heart perhaps has been
burned to ashes, there is a spark left
which says to us, "At least you can do
this thing, you can live in your corner
of the world so that no one in that
corner of the world suffers from your
act or word. You can do that." And
what would become of us if all the
world would do that"? What would be-
come of the universe if every one were
doing that"? Living in his corner of
the world so that no other suffer through
him; so that no other had a moment of
grief or an added anguish because he
stood there in that place'?

