236 STAR OF THE WEST
ment erected by His Holiness 
LLAH and have written that he has writ-
ten this Covenant with his own pen
and that whoever deviated the least
from the Center of the Covenant is of
the people of treachery and well de-
serves the wrath of God--~these souls are
themselves at present among the pio-
neers of violation. This is because of
their personal motives for they had
thought of securing leadership and
wealth, but when they considered that
in remaining firm in the Covenant their
purpose would not be realized, they de-
viated from it. Those souls must have
been either at first truthful and now
disloyal or at first disloyal and now
truthful. At any rate their lie is mani-
fest. Notwithstanding this, some souls
who are not aware of this fact waver
when those cast the seeds of suspicion.
Awaken all the people and send a copy
of this letter to Mr. Remey, Mrs. Good-
all and Mrs. Cooper.
Upon thee be Baha-El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Acca, Palestine; July 20th, 1919.)
AMY WILLIAMS
To the maid-servant of God, Miss Amy
Williams; Cleveland, Ohi0--~--Upon her
be El-Abha!
He Is God!
thou living flame of the love of God!
Thy letter was received. It was in-
dicative of the illumination of thy heart
and the spirituality of thy soul. Praise
be to God, thou hast attended the Con-
vention and hast beheld the signs of the
power of God, that in such a place He
hath gathered together different people
under the shadow of the pavilion of the
oneness of mankind. This Convention
shall expand in the future and shall
gain preference over all the Conven-
tions of the world for it is a Convention
of the Kingdom divine, and its basis
lays upon love, kindness, the promulga-
tion of the oneness of the world of hu-
manity, and non-interference in political
matters. Undoubtedly divine confirm-
ations shall be extended and the as-
sistance of the Lord shall be secured.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Haifa, Palestine, July 18, 1919.)
Celebration oi the One Hundredth Anniversary of the
Birth of the Bab
By EAN MASSON
THE Hundredth Anniversary of the
Birth of the Bab, October 9th, 1919,
was celebrated by the Chicago Bahai
Assembly by a feast, given at the Stev-
ens Grill Room. Present were one hun-
dred-twenty of the friends to do honor
to the memory of the great Herald of the
Bahai Dispensation.
Mr. Albert R. Windust, who presided,
spoke briefly and effectively upon the
meaning of the occasion, the spiritual
significance to the world of the appear-
ance and mission of the Bab, as the
precursor of the universal Teacher of
men.
Mrs. William F. 'Slater read nine of
the Hidden Words and closed with that
proclamation and prophetic utterance
of that thrills the heart of
every Bahai the world that
will continue to thrill the heart to the
end of all time: "We desire but the
good of the world and the happiness of
the nations," etc.
Mrs. Mary D. Hall read a 
from Unveiling of the Divine Plan, in
which Abdul-Baha indicates in no un-
certain Words the station of this day
and the great work to be performed by
the Bahai.

