STAR OF THE VVEST 71
the heat of the Sun of Reality, that Merciful 
with the utmost splendor. It is my hope that each one of those blessed souls may
become a peerless and unique irrigator and the East and the "Test of America
may become like unto a delectable that all of you may hear from
the Supreme Concourse the cry of "Blessed are ye, and again blessed are ye!"
Upon ye be greeting and praise!
The following supplication is to be read by the teachers and friends daily:
COMMUN E.
Thou kind Lord! Praise be unto Thee that Thou hast shown unto us
the highway of guidance, opened the doors of the Kingdom and manifested
Thyself through the Sun of Reality. To the blind Thou hast given sight; to
the deaf Thou hast granted hearing; Thou hast resuscitated the dead; Thou
hast shown the way to those who have gone astray; Thou hast led those with
parched lips to the Fountain of Guidance; Thou hast suffered the thirsty fish
to rea.ch the Ocean of Reality and Thou hast invited the wandering birds to
the rose-garden of Grace.
Thou Almighty! We people are Thy servants and Thy poor ones! \Ve
are remote, we yearn for Thy presence; we are thirsty for the Water of Thy
fountain; we are ill, longing for Thy medicine. \Ve are walking in Thy path
and have no aim or hope save the diffusion of Thy fragra11ces--so that the
souls may raise the cry of: God! Guide us to the straight path!" May
they open their eyes by beholding the lights and become freed from the dark-
ness of ignorance! May they walk around the Lamp of Guidance! May the
portionless receive a share! And may the deprived ones become the confidants
of the mysteries!
Almighty! Look upon us with the glance of mercifulness! Grant us
heavenly confirmation! Bestow upon us the breaths of the Holy Spirit! So
that we may become assisted in service and like unto brilliant stars we may
shine in these regions with the light of guidance! Verily, Thou art the
Powerful, the Mighty and Thou art the Wise and the Seeing!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Washington, D. (3., March 23, 1919.)
The next morning when I took the
transcription of it to him for correction,
he took it in his hands, read it slowly
and added a few words here and there.
Then raising his head, said: "Come
and take this, Mirza Ahmad. Let me
see what you can do. Let me see what
the friends of God in these states will
do. Will they arise with a superhuman
energy and spread the lights of the Sun
of Reality in all those great cities,
towns, villages and hamlets"! I have
pointed out to them the highway of
service. Will they walk in it? I have
drawn for them the Plan of God, will
they, like experienced generals, lead the
attack from all sides? Come! Take it
and let us see the results, And what

