196 STAR OF
century ago, that unless universal peace
is established, the world of humanity
will continue in a state of barbarism.
For it is a world of struggle for exist-
ence, of sensualism, a world of nature.
Only when universal peace comes to stay
will it become a world of spirit.
went to America myself on a mis-
sion of universal peace. I proclaimed
seven years ago that Europe was an ar-
senal that needed but a spark to turn it
into a volcano. The world leaders, I
urged, must prevent this catastrophe.
But they did not heed me. Now that
they themselves are working for univer-
sal peace and we are soon to have a
league of nations, there is no need for
me to go to America again.
Message to His Followers.
"Tell my followers," Abdul-Baha
continued, "that I am always asking
heavenly help for them, and that my
deepest desire is that they shall be the
source of the enlightenment of human-
ity and the unity of all the races of
mankind. The point of distinction
among men, let them remember, is their
deeds, not their beliefs or words. I
charge my disciples, too, at this time to
show love even toward their 'enemies.'
They have no 'enemies.' The enemy of
man is himself."
His religion, this leader explained,
includes the highest principles of its
forerunners, with this addition--it fuses
them all in the pursuit of one goal, the
unity of mankind in universal love. Un-
like its Mohammedan neighbor, it teaches
the equality of man and woman. "The
world of humanity has two wings," is
Abdul-Baha's view, "man and woman.
If one wing is weak then the bird can-
not fly."
He looks to the rebirth of religion as a
result of the war. The Bolshevist move-
ment, he believes, will prove an admoni-
tion to the religious world and send
mankind back to the fold, convinced that
THE WEST
religion is the sole source of order and
peace. Bolshevism was inevitable, be-
cause religion was on the daily decline
in Europe, particularly in Russia.
Has Hope for Palestine.
For Palestine Abdul-Baha has the
brightest hopes. "It will develop day
by day now," he declared, "in indus-
try, in commerce, in agriculture, under
an enlightened government. Up to the
present the people of this country were
like lost sheep. Now they have found
their shepherd.
"If the Zionists will mingle with the
other races and live in unity with them,
they will succeed. If not, they will meet
certain resistance. For the present I
think a neutral government like the Brit-
ish administration would be best. A
Jewish government might come later.
"There is too much talk today of
what the Zionists are going to do here.
There is no need of it. Let them come
and do more and say less.
"The Zionists should make it clear
that their principle is to elevate all the
people here and to develop the country
for all its inhabitants. This land must
be developed, according to the promises
of the prophets Isaiah, Jeremiah and
Zachariah. If they come in such a spirit
they will not fail.
Must Be Open to All.
"They must not work to separate the
Jews from the other Palestinians.
Schools should be open to all nation-
alities here, business companies, etc.
The Turks we11t down because they at-
tempted to rule over foreign races. The
British are always in power because
they keep fair and promote harmony.
"This is the path to universal peace
here as elsewhere--unity. We must pre-
vent strife by all means. For 6,000
years man has been at war. It is time
to try peace a little while. If it fails,
we can always go back to war."

