STAR OF THE WEST Z95
his heart is once touched by the love of
God, makes him the greatest friend to
the people of other religions. That is
one of the things which impresses one as
he goes into the Bahai world of the
Orient. He finds that those who were
formerly Moliammedans and Zoroasteri-
ans or of other religions, who were for-
merly fanatical and disliked the people
of the 'Nest, when they have been
touched by the spiritual fire of the Ba-
hai Movement, are ready and willing to
sacrifice their lives for their brothers
and sisters of the VVest; and really it
has been through their great sacrifice in
those Oriental countries, particularly in
Persia, that we are now able to sit here
at our ease and receive this great teach-
ing. For you know the fires of persecu-
tion and opposition have burned so
in the East that at times in the
early days of. this Cause it seemed as it
the very Cause itself would be extermi-
nated; but as the blood of the 
has always been as seed to spread re-
ligion, so it has been in this day. It has
been this type of the love of God born
in the hearts of the Oriental Bahais that
made them withstand all persecutions
and trials. It was through such sacri-
fices that the Cause gained its great im-
petus in the East and was later brought
here to the West, and that we are now
able to receive it, as I say, seated at our
ease; whereas, i11 those Oriental coun-
tries it was with the greatest difficulties,
under the greatest privations and tribu-
lations that the Ca.usc first received its
impetus.
Therefore, I think it would be Well for
us, as we go forth from this gathering,
to realize and to take into our hearts
the thought that before the great world
civilization, the great unity of all na-
tions, can come, this coming together
of the East and the "Test must be real-
ized. "Wc must conic together as one
people. This of course can only come
through the spiritual fusion of the East
with the "Test, and that is the one great
nicssage which the Bahai Cause brings:
The oneness of the world of liumanity,
the complete harmony, the complete one-
ness of all peoples, East and "Test.
Allaho 'Abhal
The Solution of the Economic and Industrial Problem
Address by ALFRED E. Lunr of Boston, delivered at the Seventh Session of the
Bahai Congress at Hotel l\lcAlpin, New York City, Tuesday eve-
ning, April 29th, 1919. Stenographically reported.
from all parts of the
world, from every corner and
nativity, we hear the moans of the wid-
ows, the cries of the fatherless; the ang-
uish of the suffering, the poor and the
unfortunate, has arisen to such a degree
that the flame of revolution i11 the so-
cial, the industrial and economic fields
of humanity is well-high sweeping the
whole globe. 'Ne should not dwell in a
false security, ignorant of that which is
in process. His Holiness Abdul-Baha,
when in America in 1912, clearly stated
these events. He stated, among other
things, that except the great divine rein-
edy which has been brought to humanity
today for the purpose oi? quelling this
revolutionary rage shall be exercised, the
world will inevitably pass through a
condition most perilous, most dangerous,
most destructive. He said one other
thing, and he has reiterated this saying
so frequently that it seems to me to have
a distinct bearing upon this great sub-
ject.
You all recall, or many of you recall,
his statement concerning the human
soul, that it is capable of two flights, one
upward towards the very throne of the
divine, one downward into the mire and
clay of the contingent world. That inan-
kind, the noblest of the creation, the
royal falcon of the skies of heaven, has
so besmeared himself with the mire and

