46 STAR OF THE WEST
and the new order is upon us. The old
is swiftly passing.
from the prison of Acca,
proclaimed his great revolutionary prin-
ciples of world government and social
readjustment to the crowned heads of
Europe and to the common people.
These principles include the oneness of
the religions of the world; the oneness
of humanity; the universal brotherhood
of man; universal peace; the harmony
of religion an-d science; the search for
truth and the abolition of all prejudices,
reli-giou-s, national, racial, social; the
equality of the sexes; equal educational
advantages f0rlb0th'; equalization of the
means of livelihood; social, industrial,
e-conomic reorganization; the establish-
ment of justice among men. He urged
the creation of a universal language. He
emphasized the necessity of a parliament
of universal tribunal of justice or
arbitration to adjust international af-
fairs.
He taught purity of life, selflessness,
personal sacrifice and service to hu-
man-itg.
There is inherent in the utterances
of as there is in the Words
Abdul-Baha, a vitality, a power that
compels attention, a crea.tive quality that
somehow makes them the effective, dom-
inating influence in human hearts.
Tyrannical, mediaeval efforts of en-
emies to suppress the Cause, to destroy
its leaders, have been futile. And we
have, today, millions of Bahais who be-
lieve, with an indissuadable faith, that
in the Bahai Movement only will the
world find relief from its tragedy. Has
it not recreated them, transformed their
individual lives? Does it not make of
every Bahai Assembly of the world an
international group in itself--people of
all races and nations? The extension
of such a group to include the world,
how easy a matter, how logical a con-
summation.
Of this supreme unity of nations and
races, this oneness of humanity and re-
ligion, the Mashrekol-azkar is symbolic.
It is the Bahai Movement in action, in
service.
Commanded in his book
of laws for the world, the Kitab-el-Ala
das:
concourse of creation! people!
Construct homes (or houses) in the most
beautiful fashion possible in every city,
in every land, in the name of the Lord
of Religions. Adorn them with that
which beseemeth them--not with pic-
tures or paintings. Then commemorate
the Lord, the Merciful, the Clement, in
spirit and fragrance. Verily, by this
mention, by this commemoration, the
breasts shall be dilated, the eyes illum-
inated, the hearts gladdened, and thus
shall you pray the Orient of Praises, in
the Mashrekol-azkar. the Source
of Praises).
"Teach your children what hath been
revealed through the Supreme Pen. In-
struct them in what hath descended
from the heaven of Greatness and
Power. Let them memorize the Tablets
of the Merciful, and chant them with
the most melodious voices in the galler-
ies built in the Temple of the Mashrek-
ol-azkar. The prayers of the Lord shall
be chanted in a manner to attract the
hearts and souls.
"Blessed is he who listens unto the
River of Life!"
In response to this command, the first
Mashrekol-azkar of the world was built
in Ishkabad, Russian Turkestan. The
second will be established on the shores
of Lake Michigan, just north of Chicago.
And every Mashrekol-azkar convention
has for its impelling motive the con-
struction of this great, impressive in-
stitution.
It is not a local, not a national, but
a world proposition, this building of the
first Mashrekol-azkar of the occident.
Bahais of every race and nation have

