124 STAR OF THE WEST
This first general order for the mobili-
zation of the forces of the Kingdom was
mailed in April of the same year. I
have understood since my arrival in
this country that a good deal of pioneer
work of teaching has been done in these
States, and that many souls have gone
forth into new fields, so that they might
sow the seeds of the new divine knowl-
edge. I am sure that Abdul-Baha Will
be most pleased to hear that the friends
are at least trying to carry out his behest.
And now I would like to read to you
for the first time the translation of the
Second Tablet revealed to the friends of
the Central States on Thursday morn-
ing, February 8th, 1917, when he was
staying in Acca. He Was then living_in
the very room where 
passed his last years in the prison city,
and so the atmosphere of the place
brought to one's mind sweet memories
of other spiritual and significant events
transpiring in the same 
TABLET
To the believers and the maid-servants of God in the Central them
be El-Abha!
He is God!
God says in the great Koran especializes for His Mercy whomsoevcr
He willeth."
ye old believers and intimate friends!
These twelve Central States of the United States are like unto the heart
of America, and the heart is connected with all the organs and parts of man.
If the heart is strengthened, all the organs of the body are reinforced, and
if the heart is Weak all the physical structures are subjected to feebleness.
Now, praise be to God, that Chicago and its environs from the beginning
of the diffusion of the fragrances of God have been a strong heart. There~
fore, through divine bounty and providence it has become confirmed in certain
great matters.
First: The Call of the Kingdom was in the very beginning raised from
Chicago. This is indeed a great privilege, for in future centuries and cycles,
it Will be as an axis around which the honor of Chicago will revolve.
Second: A number of souls with the utmost firmness and steadfastness
arose in that blessed spot in the promotion of the "Word of God and even to
the present moment, having purified and sanctified the heart from every thought,
they are occupied with the promulgation of the teachings of God. Hence the
call of praise is raised uninterruptedly from the Supreme Concourse.
Third: During the American journey Abdul-Baha several times passed
through Chicago and associated with the friends of God. For some time he
sojourned in that city. Day and night he was occupied with the mention of
the True One and summoned the people to the Kingdom of God.
Fourth: Up to the present time, every movement initiated in Chicago,
its effect was spread to all parts and to all directions; just as everything that
appears in and manifests from the heart influences all the organs and structures
of the body.

