18 STAR OF THE WEST
and assuredly will be obscured. Thus no importance may be attached to it.
But the sight of the heart is illumined, it discerns and discovers the divine
Kingdom and is everlasting and eternal. Praise be to God, therefore, that the
sight of thy heart is illumined, and the hearing of thy wit responsive.
The meetings you have organized, wherein ye feel heavenly emotions and
comprehend realities and significances,--that meeting is like unto the firmament
with those souls as resplendent stars shining with the light of guidance.
Happy is the soul that seeks, in this brilliant era, heavenly teachings, a11d
blessed is the heart which is stirred and attracted by the love of God.
At present the Sun of Truth has dawned upon the land of Japan and the
hope is that it may be illumined by heavenly teachings.
Convey on my behalf utmost love and longing to Mr_ D. Inouye and simi-
larly to Mr. S. Saiki.* My hope is that those two blessed souls may shine like
unto two heavenly stars from the horizon of Japan and may be the cause of its
enlightenment.
That land has acquired material civilization and ephemeral advancement;
we hope that it may acquire heavenly civilization.
Convey to thy respected wife my greeting and my message and the same
to the young babel', Akira, whose name may be ever blessed for it is quite an
appropriate one.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
poet and a Buddhist priest.
'rThe child of Mr. and Mrs. Torii. The first child to be born in a Bahai
home in Japan. The name "Akira" means in Japanese, "shining light", which
the mother saw before the birth of the babe Who was born on March 11, 1918.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, Haifa, Palestine, December 27, 1918.)
FUYO MUCHIZUKI
To the maid-servant of God, Fuyo Muchizuki, Tokyo, Japan.--Upon her be
El-Abha. (Care Miss Agnes Alexander.)
He Is God!
thou beloved daughter!
Thy letter was received and was perused in the utmost of joy, that, praise
be to God, in the land of Japan, the light of the love of God has appeared
resplendently and a torch, such as thee, has been enkindled. For thy heart
overflows with the wine of the love of God and thy spirit is ablaze. Like unto
a shrub, thou art fresh and tender, growing and flourishing through the out-
pourings of the cloud of Bounty. My hope is that thou mayest soon bloom
and blossom and bring forth delectable fruits.
The Real Shepherd is undoubtedly kind unto His flock and is in the utmost
of attachment, mercy and solicitude. This is only a natural fact. Rest thou
assured, therefore, that thou art always within sight and art encompassed by
tender cares.
The people of Japan are like unto a soil that has been deprived of rain for
cycles and generations and has had no share of the outpourings of rain and
even of dew. Certainly it is quite a thirst. Now you should become the divine
gardener and should satisfy that thirsty soil with the water of divine teachings,
so that heavenly bounties may be poured out and the flowers of reality and the

