STAR OF THE WEST 215
which is being poured upon our hearts
and innate reality to create in us a new
capacity and to send us forth to give
life to the people of the world.
Jesus said, "Work while it is day, for
soon the night comet-h, when the Way to
the vineyard Will not be so easy to find. 
And Abdul-Baha said, "Now while the
Sun of Truth is still shining and the
Son of God's Covenant is manifest, go
forth and Work, for soon the night time
cometh and the Way to the vineyard will
not be so easy to find." Many years
ago in Ac-ca our Beloved Master said to
us, "The time will come when the people
will come here to Acca as you are com-
ing now and they will Weep and lament
because they have not seen one of these
days." He said, "They will tear down
these gates and build gates of the most
beautiful marble in the world and then
the ages will roll by and new generations
will come and they will bring bricks of
solid gold and silver and build the
gates." And then in the garden of Riz-
Wan which sheltered dur-
ing his lifetime, he said, "You are priv-
ileged to enter this garden to drink of
this Fountain of Light, to be in this
presence during his appearance in the
Temple of Man on this earth. There
is no period that can be compared in this
World to living in the day contempora-
-neous with the appearance of that Be-
loved One on the earth. It is different
from any other time. It is life, it is joy,
it is ecstaoy, it is springtime, because his
feet are treading this earth!"
We can hear his voice. We know
that he is still guarding, and protecting
and sheltering us in the midst of this
dark World and never shall We have
such a privilege to serve as while he is
in our midst. There must be a great
significance in his saying, "Soon the
night time shall come and the Way to
the vineyard will not be so easy to find. 
What is this great mystery? Why is
he calling on us now to go forth and
sow the seed at this time, now? Because
the ground is prepared, the way is made
plain, the hearts are hungering and
thirsting in every corner of the world,
and this great capacity is created; also
because the seed only germinates in the
heat rays of the Sun of Truth. There is
no period of love like the period when
the Beloved is in our midst. He is the
Beloved and We are his lovers, and while
he is on the earth the heat of his love,
the fire of his beauty, that love burning
in the hearts of his servants is what will
cause the seed which is sown to grow and
germinate and expand and bring forth
a great harvest. That is why he said
one Word spoken during the lifetime of
the Beloved is worth volumes hereafter.
One Word spoken during this day while
he is on the earth is worth volumes here-
after, a11d he has said, "One deed done
in this day is worth the greatest deeds
in the future generations."
He told us that even the words of the
thieves upon the cross are known and
remembered throughout all ages and
throughout all nations and people be-
cause they were spoken in the lifetime of
Ohrist while he was on the earth. They
were spoken i11 the full blazing light of
the Sun. Now We have this privilege
to go forth and in the light of the Sun
of Truth and the Sun of Reality and
sow these seeds, and they will produce a
wonderful harvest because the rays of
his love are pouring upon the World.
How can we do less than this for him?
We have no other way of expressing
our love for Abdul-Baha_ This is the
proof of love. It is this love that has
drawn us together. He is the great
magnet that has drawn us together
from all parts and brought us here until
we are fused and united in a love that
makes us seem an absolute body, a tem-
ple. "We are one people, one gathering,
one congregation of the Lord in this
day and he is pouring His Spirit upon
us for a great purpose.
We must not leave these gatherings
even for a moment, and We must not
(Continued on page 222)

