28 STAR OF THE WEST
GENEVIEVE COY
To the maid-servant of God, Genevieve L. Coy, Columbis, Ohio.--Upon l1er be
El-Abha!
is God!
thou Who hast sought guidance from the Kingdom of God!
Thy letter, dated October 24, 1918, was received. The purport was con-
ducive to happiness. Praise be unto God, thou hast been freed from the fetter
of agnosticism (I know nothing) which is indicative of utter ignorance, and
hast hastened to the Realm of "Verily, I know everything!" For heavenly
souls acquire the power of perception and ultimately reach unto a station at
which they comprehended the realities of things. Formerly they Were agnostics;
later on they became true and firm believers. My hope is that thou mayest
attain such a station.
In that city, although the fire of the love of God has not yet been set ablaze,
soon it shall become afla-me; blessed souls shall enter the divine Kingdom,
shall arise with righteous aim and chaste deeds in the service of the world of
humanity, shall raise the call of the Kingdom and shall ignite a candle in every
heart.
I pray in behalf of the inhabitants of that city and beg for them the light
of supreme guidance, that spirits may be illumined and hearts may be gladdened
by the glad-tidings of God.
Upon thee be E1-Aloha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, January 9, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)
ANNA VAN BLARGOM
To the maid-servant of God, Anna Van Blarcom, Montclair, New 
her be El-Abha!
He Is God!
thou who art encompassed with the blessings of God!
Thy letter was received. Praise be to God, it contained good news, namely
that a group of colored men have become illumined and have acquired a
new zeal and ardor. VVhen I was in America, I exerted a great deal of effort in
order to promote a great harmony and union among the white and the colored,
for men are like unto doves which associate in perfect concord and amity whether
white, black, yellow or red in color. My hope is that this may happen among
men. Consider ye, that color has been obliterated among birds, among whom
distinction in color does not prevent intimate association. The same applies
to animals which give no importance to color, but rather take into consideration
the species.
How then can man, who is the highest type in the world of creation, attach
importance to unimportant matters and make difference in color the cause of
alienation and enmity'?
Endeavor ye, therefore, to bring about absolute affiliation between the
white and the colored. This variety in color is indeed an ornament. If in a
rose-garden all the flowers are unicolored, what beauty may be found therein?

