22 STAR OF THE WEST
ence of the Center of the Covenant. I
have brought for you his boundless love
and greeting, his heavenly spirit and his
devotion to the Cause, his beauty and
loveliness of spirit, his majesty and
humility, his earnestness and enthusi-
asm to serve the Cause and promote
love and unity amongst the friends.
Aside from these ideal gifts, I have
carried with me from his presence some
most wonderful, world-wide, heavenly
instructions, the unfoldment of which
will give the vision of the future
humanity, perfected and beatified. I
am now busily engaged in the transla-
tion of these instructions, and I hope
they will all be ready to be presented
to the Bahais at the coming Convention,
in New York City, April 26-29.
As this occasion will be more or less
unique in the history of the Bahai
Movement, and as these instructions be-
long to all the friends in the United
States and Canada, it is certain that all
those who can attend the sessions of the
Convention without injury to their busi-
ness will receive a. great spiritual bless-
ing.
The coming Bahai Convention and
Congress will be like a magnet, attract-
ing the confirmations of the Kingdom
of Abha and encircling the friends with
the white light of joy and happiness.
Its object will be creative, its aim con-
structive, its desire the promotion of
the oneness of the world of humanity, its
hope to unite all hearts in the love of
God, and the servitude in the Holy
Threshold, its longing to draw all minds
to the source of all good, and its key-
note to unfold the mysteries of the King-
dom of God. It will be the realization
of the dream of that seer and poet, Lord
Tennyson, who in his "Memoriam"
says:
"One God, one law, one element
"And one far-off Divine Event
"To which the whole creation moves."
I am,
Your faithful brother,
Ahmad Sohrab.
Washington, D. C.
April 7, 1919.
Dear Bahai brothers and sistersgreat Bahai
Convention, which will be held in New
York the latter part of this month.
From every standpoint the coming
Bahai gathering will be unique in the
history of the Bahai Movement.
Our beloved Abdul-Baha has promised
me that he would be present in our
midst. Now it depends upon us to cre-
ate that heavenly atmosphere of divine
love and unity to make him happy and
rejoiced as he looks upon us from his
celestial station.
Many of us have felt strongly that
with the inauguration of this convention
a new era of spiritual activity will be
opened before the faces of the friends
and the universal vision of Abdul-Baha,
the Center of the Covenant, will so up-
lift the souls that they may find them-
selves in his presence.
Once Abdul-Baha said: The Arabs be-
fore the day of Mohammed had a cus-
tom that during eleven months of the
year they quarreled, pillaged and ran-
sacked the goods of the caravans, killed
and carried lawlessness into every cor-
ner of Arabia. But during the sacred
month they set aside all their strife and
contention. People traveled from one
end of Arabia to the other in perfect
security, no one molesting or robbing
them of their property.
Now let us all realize that the four or
five days of the Convention are sacred
and holy. Let us come to the Conven-
tion with nothing but love in our hearts
and with nothing but the light of serv-
ice in our faces and with nothing but
humility and submission at the Threshold
of Let the spirit of peace
and brotherhood, unity and amity be
spread from that Convention, with
hearts dedicated to the service of hu-
manity, with souls ablaze with the fire of
the love of God and with minds ready

