STAR OF THE WEST 279
trary to our coming together if we fol-
low that course. But tl1e Very minute
that We turn in our tracks, each one of
us gets rid of his desire to have his own
little particular or individual way, or to
exalt himself in any little way, or to
think that he amounts to anything--Ah,
how could he amount to anything if he
only knew i11 comparison to the great
heart of God how little he really is and
how big he can become if he finds his
reality there in Him, the bigger One 
if he only comes to know that, and to
realize that and turns his back to the
circumference and his face toward the
great Center of the Covenant, then he
is marching from the great outer rim--
column after column, you can see them
as they come, marching and marching
from every point of that circle and from
the circumference, each one intent upon
his own business, each one doing his own
duty, and yet every one of them from
every point, gradually, persistently, in-
evitably, tending to the great 
where he and they are joined in the Cen-
ter, and are not merely brought together
by contact on the outer circumference.
If this great Congress and Convention
does not succeed in bringing us to this
realization, that we must obey the call
of the Center of the Covenant, that we
must listen with all our hearts and souls
to what he has to say about the com-
mands and about the collective center,
then our session will have failed, and
who are to do the work?
Thank God for ever and for ever,
eternally thank Him, that you shall hear
His Words in these great Tablets, quot-
ing first the Words of Jesus the Christ,
"Blessed are the poor for theirs is the
Kingdom of God," and then He Him-
self saying, "Blessed are the nameless.
and the traceless poor, for they are the
leaders of mankind!"
The Manifestation of Divinity through Inspiration
Address by KINNEY of Boston, delivered at the Sixth Session of the
Bahai Congress at Hotel McAlpin, New York City, Tuesday afternoon,
April 29th, 1919. Stenographically reported.
Mi' beloved brother, Hooper Harris,
has given you really the first phase,
or the first conditions of my topic and
in all that I have to say, I Want you to
consider that as the first part of my
few words. The topic as given to me this
afternoon is "The Manifestation of Div-
inity and Inspiration." I have taken
the liberty of changing one Word. Some-
how or other I could not seem to quite
understand the Way it read, so I changed
the word "and" to the Word "through"
The Manifestation of i i 11 i 
through Inspiration," and then I seemed
to get some thoughts. However, be it
as it may, I have taken for my text this
afternoon the Lord 's Prayer: "Our
Father, who art in heaven, hallowed
be Thy name, Thy Kingdom come, Thy
will be done on earth as it is in heaven,"
and I wish to present the same thought
that Brother Harris has presented from
the standpoint of one who is trying.
Everything, everywhere, has a mani-
festation of some wonderful tliought or
idea behind it, or lying concealed, shall
we say. If you Wander through the
fields, if you wander through the rose-
gardens, if you pass into the midst of
the great forest there you see nature in
activity; there you see the wonderful
flowers of the field, the daisies, growing,
passing through their phases of develop-
ment and then passing away, and you
see the wonderful gardens coming to
fruition and fullness, passing into the
blossoms and then into the seed, and
passing away, leaving the seed behind;
(Continued on page 286)

