Z78 STAR OF THE WEST
lective center of the whole human race.
In the Tablet Which will be read to you
after the speaking, Abdul-Baha gives
illustrations of various collective centers.
You will hear these things from his own
pen and he says that the collective cen-
ter, the real collective center among men,
is the body of the teachings of the King-
dom of God. What does he mean? That
the teachings of God are not something
which are just scattered here and there
and everywhere without any system and
without any order, but that they have
a body and a body means an organism.
You ean't have a body Without an or-
ganism; a body must have its head, it
must have its heart, it must have its
lungs, it must have the things that con-
stitute a body. Now, there are different
ideas of what might be considered the
body of the teachings of God, the body
of the teachings of God on the earth to-
day.
First and foremost, Abdul-Baha, t.he
Center of the Covenant, is in himself,
in his own personality, the body of the
teachings of the Kingdom of God. Mrs.
Dreyfus-Barney said to me when I was
in Aeca, "The Master does not pose,
there is no posing about the Master."
He is as simple as a little child, so
simple that he fools people who do not
know who and what he is. That dear,
sweet, Wonderful old man, in his own
personality, in his own body Walking
this earth today is the body of the teach-
ings of the Kingdom of God, is the law
of the Kingdom of God, is everything
that there is in the Kingdom of God
embodied and shown forth in a human
life, in a human personality.
Now, the Center of the Covenant of
God upon this earth today, the body
of the teachings of God upon the earth
today, has himself told us that the Mash-
rekol-Azkar, the outward physical tem-
ple, will one day show forth the most
marvelous spiritual results and that all
of the activities of the Kingdom are to
go forth from the Mashrekol-Azkar, the
outer physical temple. He himself has
named that outer physical temple as a
collective center for the teachings of
God. He has sent us a great and Won-
derful Tablet, a Tablet calling for action,
a Tablet calling for us to do something,
not merely to take his words and to say
of them, Beautiful! Wbnderful! Not
merely to enjoy ourselves in a great
spiritual feast in the delight of listening
to that Word and utterance, not merely
in the sacred reverence we have for those
writin gs and their embellishment as we
have them here in these unveilings,
Beautiful, beautiful! illonderful, Won-
dcrfull is not What the Great
Master is calling on us for. He is call-
ing on us for action. He is calling' on us
to do the things that he is asking us to
do, telling us how to do, in these great
Tablets.
We should respond to the call, We
should see the necessity of the collective
center after he himself has told us about
it, We should realize that here is the
collective center whose radii extends
from that center to the circumference
and that from everywhere throughout
that whole every least and
little ray, even at the outer edge of the
circumference if it is turned toward the
center, will come together in a great
meeting and join and know each other
in the center. It is inevitable, it cannot
be avoided. But the minute you turn
your back upon that center, the minute
you say, am an individual, I am go-
ing to have my own individual Way, I
don 't believe in any collective center, I
think I can do this thing for myself,"
and you begin to look out toward the
horizon, toward the outer rim of the cir-
ele and you have your own little Way,
talking~Oh, how beautifully people can
talk, when they should do talking in
the most beautiful and Wonderful Way,
all the time you are getting further and
further apart from everyone of these lit-
tle rays that start from that collective
center. And We might go on for ever
and ever and never come together, be-
cause the mathcmatical principle is eon-

