182 STAR OF THE WEST
until this hour, the time of the- end. The
glory and the honor of man consists in
the fact that amongst the beings he is
the dawning place of righteousness. The
power and the influence of 
has come to the world in this most great
cycle, asking you to come back and claim
your birthright, the birthright God gave
you, the birthright man cannot take from
you. Come back! Be illumined with
the light of today and turn your sight
into yourself and see that claimant
standing within you, glorious, mighty
and supreme!
The power and the influence of Blane'-
the Bahai Message, are just
God's ways and God's means whereby
humanity today can come abreast with
a God who is marching on. "Blessed
are those who attain."
Allah 'o 'Abha 
To Live the Life
Address by MARY HANFORD Foao, at the Fourth Session of the Bahai Congress,
at Hotel lV.[cAlpin, New York City, Monday afternoon,
April 28, 1919. Stenographically reported.
I FEEL very happy to be here this
afternoon, and very humble in fol-
lowing the eloquent Words _of Dr.
D'Evelyn, and as I stand here, it seems
to me_that perhaps it is my mission to-
day, a very simple thing and yet a nec-
essary thing, to follow very and
very superficially some of those lines in
which Abdul-Baha has, we might say,
taught us how we can catch up with
God. Dr. D'Evelyn has been telling us
of the supreme message which has been
given to us, of its grandeur, of its mag-
nificence, of its supremacy, and it seems
as if ever since Abdul-Baha had begun
to talk to us, he has been trying to tell
us how we can catch up with that mes-
sage, what we can do to lift ourselves
out of personalities and into entity, out
of animalism and into spirituality, out
of that self-indulgence which is the
curse of the natural man and into that
superb efiort which is the acme and at-
tainment of the spiritual man.
And so, if I can tell you, very simply,
this afternoon, just a few of the lines
which Abdul-Baha has pointed out to us
in that way, I shall be very happy. And
one of them it makes me very glad to
speak because it gives me the opportun-
ity to say to you just a bit of some of
those wonderful words which Abdul-
Baha has recently been sending across
the continent and across the ocean. You
know, we are living in such an astound-
ing day of tumult and endeavor, a day
when all the old world is so absolutely
falling to pieces that sometimes We are
in despair, sometimes we say how can
any great edifice ever lift its head out of
this ruin and catch the light of the sun
oncemore? Now and again these words
of Abdul-Baha come to us across the
ocean and across the continent and give
us hope because they always practically
point out a direct pathway which we
must follow to attain this end. It is
a pathway always along certain lines
and always, on the other hand, inclusive
of that great realm that is described by
that little word 00-noluct, the one word
that We are most prone to forget in
our march towards spiritual attainment
and supremacy. And so I want to
read these words of Abdul-Baha, which
have been recently received by a friend
in New York.
He says: "No doubt had the world
of women wielded sufficient prestige,
the conflagration of this war would not
have set the world aflame. If the mass
of women in Europe and of those in
America had been enfranchised through-
out all the state undoubtedly they would
not agree to war. At present this war
has made millions of children father-
less and millions of fathers and mothers
'destitute of sons; this War has snatched

