Z28 STAR OF THE WEST
that Dominion, the dark, impenetrable clouds of superstitions had so enveloped
the horizon that it would be utterly impossible for anyone to behold its rays.
But these stories did not have any effect on the resolution of Abdul.-
Baha. He, trusting in God, turned his face toward Montreal. When he
entered that city he observed all the doors open, he found the hearts in the
utmost receptivity and the ideal power of the Kingdom of God removing every
obstacle and obstruction. In the churches and meetings of that Dominion he
called men to the Kingdom of God with the utmost joy, and scattered such
seeds which will be irrigated With the hand of divine power. Undoubtedly
those seeds will grow, becoming green and verdant, and many rich harvests will
be gathered. In the promotion of the divine principles he found no antagonist
and no adversary. The believers he met in that city were in the utmost spiritu-
ality, and attracted by the fragrances of God. He found that through the
effort of the maid-servant of God, Mrs. Maxwell, a number of the sons and
daughters of the Kingdom in that Dominion were gathered together and
associated with each other, increasing this joyous exhilaration day by day.
The time of sojourn was limited to a number of days, but the results in the
future are inexhaustible. When a farmer comes into the possession of a virgin
soil, in a short time he will bring under cultivation a large field. Therefore, I
hope that in the future Montreal may become so stirred, that the melody of the
Kingdom may travel to all parts of the world from that Dominion -and the
breaths of the Holy Spirit may spread from that center to the east and the
west of America.
ye believers of God! Do ye not look upon the smallness of your
number and the multitudes of the nations. Five grains of wheat will be en-
dued with heavenly blessing, whereas a thousand tons of tares will yield no
results or effect. One fruitful tree will be conducive to the life of society,
whereas a thousand forests of wild trees offer no fruits. The plain is covered
with pebbles, but precious stones are rare. One pearl is better than a thou-
sand Wildernesses of sand; especially this pearl of great price, which is
endowed with divine blessing. Ere long thousands of other pearls will be
born from it. WVhen that pearl associates and becomes the intimate of the
pebbles, they also all change into pearls.
Therefore, I repeat, that the future of Canada, whether from the stand-
point of civilization or from the viewpoint of the virtues of the Kingdom,
is very great. Day by day civilization and freedom shall increase. Likewise
the cloud of the Kingdom will water the seeds of guidance sown in that Do-
minion. Consequently, rest ye not, seek ye no composure, attach not your-
selves to the luxuries of this ephemeral World, free yourselves from every attach-
ment, and strive with heart and soul to become fully established in the Kingdom
of God. Gain ye the heavenly treasures. Day by day become ye more illumined.
Draw ye nearer and nearer unto the Threshold of Oneness. Become ye the
manifestors of spiritual favors and the dawning-places of infinite lights! If it

