STAR OF THE WEST 105
from Cairo, as Mohammed Taghi Espha-
hani and others; from Adana, as I-Iossein
Ikbal, your dear and charming brother
with his family--al1 these are daily flock-
ing in and are being privileged to gaze at
the Master's radiant face after this un-
precedented period of separation.
News, refreshing and inspiring, is
being daily received from all over the
World, from the far west in the United
States of America to the middle east in
Persia and the far east, Japan and
India, and still beyond from the Ha-
waiian Islands in the mid-Pacific ocean.
From New Zealand even the glad tidings
of the Kingdom are breaking upon us
and indicate the brilliant future that is
stored for the far-off continent of Aus-
tralia.
In Persia and particularly in Teheran,
the Cause is advancing by leaps and
bounds, the number of the friends is
pr-odigiously multiplying, their gatherings
and assemblies are open to the public,
an intense and Widespread interest is
being aroused, many an important, re-
sponsible position is taken up by Wise
and firm Bahais, Bahai literature is be-
ing printed, published and widely circu-
lated, the seed of knowledge and of faith
is being sown broadcast by intelligent
and well-directed hands and the influ-
ence of the friends of God is being felt
everywhere. Throughout this period of
ceaseless activity of reconstruction and
of scrvice--at a time when the whole
world was in confusion and commotion
and when human blood was being so
profusely spilt, the friends in Persia
were wonderfully protected and saved.
Civil war, pestilence and famine ravaged
and devastated Persia and although the
death rate on one day had reached the
unprecedented number of 1172, the
friends of God were miraculously pre-
served, 11ot a single one fell victim of this
great calamity.
From what was once an integral part
of the vast Russian Empire, from the
distracted region of Turkestan a letter
has been received from a friend of God
residing in the city of Ishkabad. Praise
be to God, that dear spot which has the
first Mashrekol-Azkar erected Within its
walls and which has of late been shroud-
ed with a heavy mist is now again un-
veiling itself and appears in its full light
and splendor,
Wliat strikes us most vividly is the
good news of the welfare and safety of
the friends of God.' All throughout the
years of war, civil as well as national, of
loot and of riot and rebellion and of
bloodshed, the friends have been contin-
uously engaged in service to the Cause
of God. Their meetings have not been
discontinued, their fervor has not de-
creased and their energy has not relaxed.
This news from such a part of the
world, together with the letters that have
been received from Alma Knobloch and
Consul Schwarz, have opened up all the
closed channels of correspondence which
the war had sealed with the Holy Land.
The Beloved is in perfect health, strong
and vigorous, happy and joyous and
often does he wake up at midnight in
order to peruse the contents that are
being received from the East as well as
the West . . . .
. .
\lVith best greetings to all the friends
of God and the maid-servants of the Mer-
ciful, I am
Your brother in the Cause,
Shoghi Rabbawi.
May I end this letter of mine with the
translation of one of the most important
Tablets that have been recently revealed
to a Well-known friend i11 Teheran 
TABLET
thou honorable martyr and the pio-
neer of the Cause of God!
The letter which you had written on
the 19th of December 1918, arrived the
5th of February 1919. In spite of lack
of time it was read with the utmost at-
tention together with the enclosed let-
ters. It gave us the glad tidings of the
good health, safety, joy and fragrance
of the friends of the Merciful. In this
day one cannot conceive of greater news,

