STAR OF THE WEST 9
How beautifully thou hast expressed the thought, namely: "We hope
that the love and unity of the friends may soon become the magnet of attrac-
tion which will draw thee again to our shores." This is evident and 
that if the light of love among the friends will be as resplendent as it ought
to be and like unto a candle will illumine that gathering, it will surely exert
the effect of a magnet.
Convey on my behalf the utmost longing and love to all the assemblies.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA 
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, Haifa, Palestine, December 12, 1918.)
. SHAHNAZ KHANUM
To the maid-servant of God, Shahnaz Khanum, Los Angeles, her
be El-Abha!
Is God!
thou revered maid-servant of God!
Thy letter from Los Angeles was received. Thank divine Providence that
thou hast been assisted in service and hast been the cause of the promulgation
of the oneness of the world of humanity.
Not until the darkness of differences among men is dissipated will the
pavilion of unity of races cast its shadow o-ver all regions; otherwise rest and
comfort, peace and universal reconciliation are unachievable. This illumined
age requires and necessitates its fulfillment. Every century has its ideal which
in accordance with that century is confirmed. In this illumined era that which
is confirmed is the oneness of the world of humanity. Every soul who serves
this oneness will undoubtedly be assisted.
I, hope that in the assembles thou mayest sing praises with a sweet melody
and thus become the cause of joy and gladness to all.
Convey on my behalf greetings and respect to thy revered husband.
Upon thee be El-Baha-el-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, Haifa, Palestine, December 30, 1918).
ROY G. VVILHELM
To his honor, Mr. Roy C. "Wilhelm, New York.--Upon him be greeting and
praise!
He Is God!
thou Who art firm in the Covenant!
Thy letter was received and its- contents imparted the utmost of glad-
ness. Thou hast inquired about our health. Notwithstanding the great agita-
tion in the East, thanks to Divine grace and bounty, we have passed these years
of war in joy and gladness under the care and protection of Divine Providence.
Now, praise be to God, the darkness of oppression has passed away and the
light of justice has dawned and a just government has been ministering to
this land.
thou who are firm! What glad-tiding better than the one which thou
hast imparted, to wit: that misunderstanding from among the friends has

