102 STAR OF THE WEST
humanity may pitch her canopy in the apex of America and all the nations of
the world may follow the divine policy. This is certain that the divine policy
is justice and kindness toward all mankind. For all the nations of the World
are the sheep of God, and God is the kind Shepherd. He has created these
sheep. He has protected them, sustained and trained them. What greater
kindness than this? And every moment we must render a hundred thousand
thanksgivings that, praise be to God, We are freed from all the ignorant preju-
dices, are kind to all the sheep of God, and our utmost hope is to serve each
and all, and like unto a benevolent father educate every one.
Upon ye be greeting and praise!
Every soul who travels through the cities, villages and hamlets of these
states and is engaged in the diffusion of the fragrances of God, must peruse
this Commune every morning:
COMMUNE
God! God! Behold me! Notwithstanding my lowliness and my lack
of capability and ability, I am bent upon the accomplishment of the greatest
works, aiming to promote Thy Word amongst the republics and resolved to
spread Thy teachings amongst all mankind. Far be it from me to become
confirmed in this work save Thou ma-yst assist n1e With the breaths of the Holy
Spirit! Make me victorious through the armies of Thy supreme Kingdom and
encircle me with Thy confirmations, which shall make tho moth the eagle,
the drop the river and the seas, and the scintillas the suns and the moons!
Lord! Confirm me with Thy insuperable power and Thy penetrating
potency, so that my tongue may speak out Thy praises and glorifications
amongst Thy creatures, and my heart become over-flowed with the wine of
Thy love and knowledge. Verily, Thou art the Powerful to do that which Thou
willest, and Thou art Mighty over all things!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA ABBAS.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, March 27th, 1919, Washington, D. C.)
It is significant to observe that Abdul-
Baha, in writing to the Southern States,
takes the example of farming, and ap-
plies it to the spiritual farming, for as
we know most of these states are pri-
marily agricultural. The world looks to
the South for its cotton, and thousands
of factories would be closed in case of a
bad harvest. Now the desire of Abdul-
Baha is that just as the Southern people
are clothing the bodies of millions of
men with finely woven textures out of
their cotton, they may also clothe the
spiritual body of mankind with the
heavenly characteristics and divine at-
tributes. Just as they sweeten the
tongues with the sugar cane of Louisi-
ana, Texas, and Georgia, they may
sweeten the lives of men and women who
have lost their bright hopes of a better
state.
The sixteen Southern States have
more than five times the area of the
Northeastern States, and we can get an
idea of the vastness of this section when
we realize that Texas alone is larger
than the entire group of the Northeast-
ern States; nevertheless the population

