STAR OF THE 37
spent a few days there on my return
from Damascus, and am pleased to re-
port that all is well.
I issued passes for Mons. and Mme.
Dreyfus-Barney to visit Haifa>> and they
are there now for a few weeks.
I am going to Haifa on a British
cruiser with Lord Inchcape next week
and expect that this will be my last visit
before returning to Paris and London.
The Master is in splendid health and
spirits and he looks beyond the present
gloom and chaos to the New Dawn now
so fast approaching. The Master looks
to America. Let your people hold to the
true vision in complete serenity of faith
and joy!
I-Vith best wishes, I am,
Very sincerely yours,
. Tudor-Pole.
News from Persia
Portion of a letter written from Teheran Persia by Miss Elizabeth II. Stewart-
to Mrs. Isabella D. Brittingham, Santa Barbara, California.
Dated November 25, 1918.
FOR many months no post in or out of
Persia, and since August, 1917, no
word direct from you. In September
(1918) the way Was open for a few let-
ters to sift through, bearing dates oi
March and April previous. I am now
sending this letter by Mr. de Lambert,
brother of the wife of the American Min-
ister who is soon returning to America.
Vile are now in a state of rejoicing
over the news of peace, and seeing the
fulfilment of the Words of 
and Abdul-Baha, from day to day, wit-
nessing the new order of things. C),
what a mercy that we are alive and
awakened and trying to serve in the
Kingdom of Abhal
Vile have had some Wonderfully beauti-
ful meetings lately, of both men and
women, many of them meetings for
teaching. We have one of men, for
teaching, every Saturday night, and on
every Tuesday afternoon one for women.
Dr. Clock has one for men every Mon-
day night. Several different sections
have opened in the city, until now on
every night there is a meeting for teach-
ing.
have been enjoying meeting with
the American Commission sent here for
the purpose of investigating 
about the conditions in Persia. Dr. ud-
son of the University of Chicago, Dr.
Jackson of Columbia University (and
his wife) and several others compose it.
They are all staying up at the Ameri-
can Legation.
Dr. Jackson said he saw Abdul-Baha
when he was in America. Dr. Jackson
was himself at the Hotel Ansonia mak-
ing an address at the time Abdul-Baha
was there.
Bahman Mirza, a Bahai and a Persian
prince, gave the Commission a lunch at
his house and it was made a freedom
meeting where every Persian man
brought his wife. A long table was ar-
ranged. About twenty sat around it--
Persian men and women Bahais, we
four Americans, Mr. Caldwell the Min-
ister (his wife could not be present),
Mr. Bader the Consul, Mr. de Lambert
and the members of the Commission.
This was the very first time such a
thing had ever occurred and we felt so
happy to be there, helping to carry for-
ward the work of freeing the women.
Cf course it was not possible to have
servants coming into the room, so. real
Persian style, the host, Bahman Mirza,
waited on the table, and I asked him to
give me the privilege of helping him,
which he did. I was very happy to be
able to serve at such a notable gathering.
Dr. Moody wrote a speech in English.
which one of the Persian ladies com-
mitted to memory and gave, stating how
our beloved Abdul-Baha had said the

