100 STAR OF THE WEST
future. lt is only through the constant
application of these two fundamental'
laws and the assistance of the Holy
Spirit that we shall be enabled to teach
the Cause of God and the brotherhood
of races to all these millions of men.
At this session we will take another
step, and bring within the range of our
human visio11 the larger divine vision
of Abdul-Baha by reading to you the
translation of the two Tablets revealed
to the Southern States. The first Tablet
was revealed on Wednesday morning,
March 27th, 1916. The Beloved of our
hearts was sitting on a chair in the midst
of the fresh wild flowers, looking at them
and admiring their color and beauty.
After a few minutes of silence, he began
to dictate.
[Here followed the reading of the Tab-
let receivecl in America before the aloors
of closed. It was pub-
lished in the STAR or THE WEST, Vol. 
No. 10, and Vol. 9, N0. 14.]
The second Tablet for the Southern
States, which is now given to the world
for the first time, was dictated by Abdul-
Baha on Monday morning, February
3d, 1917, in his little cottage at his home
in Haifa. It is as follows:
TABLET
To the believers of God and the maid-servant of the Merciful of the Southern
them be E1-Abha!
He is God!
ye blessed, respected souls!
The philosophers of the ancients, the thinkers of the middle ages and the
scientists of this and the future centuries have all agreed upon the fact that the
best and the most ideal region for the habitation of man is the temperate z011c,
for in this belt the intellects and thoughts rise to the highest stage of maturity
and the capability and ability of civilization manifest themselves in full efflores-
cence. When you read history critically and with a penetrating eye, it becomes
evident that the majority of the famous men have been born, reared and have
done their work in the temperate zone, while very, very few have appeared from
the torrid and frigid zones.
Now these sixteen Southern States of the United States are situated in the
temperate zone, and in these regions the perfections of the world of nature have
been fully revealed. For the moderation of the weather, the beauty of the
scenery and the geographical configuration of the country display a great effect
in the world of minds and thoughts. This fact is well demonstrated through
observation and experience.
Even the holy, divine Manifestations have had a nature in the utmost
equilibrium, the health and wholesomeness of their bodies most perfect, their
constitutions endowed with physical vigor, their powers functioning in perfect
order, and the outward sensations linked with the inward perceptions, working
together with extraordinary momentum and co-ordination.
Therefore in these sixteen states, because they are contiguous to other
states and their climate being in the utmost of moderation, unquestionably the

