STAR OF THE VVEST 45
The Bahai Movement--Is it the coming Universal Religion?
(Continued from page 35)
an amazing patience a.nd sweetness of
spirit. No resentment against their
keepers! No resentment against their
government-I
Two years of imprisonment in the
barracks of Acca were followed by nine
years of close confinement for 
LLAH, within the town in an abode, the
threshold of which the great prisoner
was not permitted to cross. This was
the external life of him Whom today
multitudes of people believe to have
been the most extraordinary figure of
any age.
Before his death, in 1892, there were
a few years of somewhat greater free-
dom, within a radius of fifteen miles,
which included Carmel and the village
of Behje, his final resting-place.
No less extraordinary a figure than
is his son, Abbas Effendi,
known to the world as Abdul-Baha,
Arabic again for the Servant of Baha.
He was born on the very day of the
Bab's proclamation. A11d, at the age
of eight, he began, with the exile of
his long, remarkable
career of persecution, banishment, im-
prisonment, which ended only in 1908,
when, by the overthrow of the Turkish
government, he was granted his free-
dom. Fifty-six years an exile from his
native land! Forty years a prisoner
in the "most great prison" of Acca!
By the death of Abdul-
Baha became the leader of the Bahai
Movement. To this station he had been
accredited by his father, both verbally
and by written document. His peculiar
function in the movement is interpreter
of the Revelation of and
exemplar for the world of the Bahai
life.
In 1911-1912, you will remember, Ab-
dul-Baha, at the age of sixty-eight, jour-
neyed to Europe and America, to spread
the message of in the occi-
dent--that tremendous message of inter-
nationalism and religious unity, a basic
principle of the Mashrekol-azkar. States-
men, scholars, people of every degree of
intellectual and spiritual attainment
recognized his greatness and power.
Back in 1892, before the passing of
wrote Edward Granville
Browne of Cambridge university, con-
cerning Abdul-Baha: "About the great-
ness of this man no one who had seen
him could entertain a doubt."
And since that date Abdul-Baha has
been the subject of many interviews and
many articles. But no journalistic anal-
ysis has been able to penetrate the
mystery of a life for a
spiritual ideal, a conscious spiritual mis-
sion to all the world.
When, in 1914, the European war
burst forth in all its fury, friends of
Abdul-Baha, anxious for his safety,
urged him to leave his home on Mt. Car-
mel and accept the greater security of
Amer-ica--a hospitality which he refused
to accept, for the people of Palestine
had need of him. And there, on the
mountain of God, in a war-ravaged land,
he dwells, sending forth dynamic
thoughts of love to a suffering human-
ity and a devastated world.
It is difficult to Write dispassionately
of and Abdul-Baha, who
sacrificed their lives, political and social
freedom, all physical comfort, for the
propagation of ideals, the establishment
of principles, which are the common
talk of men today. Easily do We inherit
them from these great souls. Our states-
men today are interpreting government
and social reconstruction in terms of
the universal. In the middle of the last
century, gave the crea-
tive impulse to the new order of civiliza-
tion that should include all humanity,

