348 STAR OF
child, knowing how Well he had recog-
nized "the caress of favor in the dart
of tests." Concerning him, among other
precious Abdul-Baha said, that
"he was one of those nearest to God,
11ot one of those far from Him."
In the holy name of and
His glorious Center,
Isabella D. 
Tablet from Abdul-Balm to Charles
F. Haney, May, 1.911:
Thou art not and shalt never be for-
gotten. Be thou strong and firm. Be
thou resolute a11d steadfast. When the
tree is firmly rooted, it will bear fruit.
Therefore, it is not permitted to- be agi-
tated by any test. Be thou not dis-
heartened. Be thou not discouraged.
The trials of God are many, but if man
remains firm and steadfast, test itself
is a stepping stone for the progress of
humanity.
I hope that thou mayest show Such
firmness in the Cause of the Kingdom
that all may remain astonished.
ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab.)
MRS. SOPHIE SCHEFFLER
On July 29, 1919, one of the pioneers
of the Bahai Cause in America, who was
much loved by believers in all parts of
the country, was called to the Kingdom.
The passing of Mrs. Sophie Seheffler of
Chicago, the mother of Mrs. Loeding and
Carl Scheffler has filled all hearts with
grief. The vacancy she leaves in the
assembly will be felt by those who are
ill and in need, as she found opportun-
ity for service even in her advanced
years through visiting the sick and
needy. She was born in Germany in
1843 and came to this country at the
age of 13. She became a believer more
than twenty-one years ago and has been
constant in her devotion to Abdul-Baha.
Her spare moments were spent in read-
ing and studying the Holy Utteranees
and translating them into the German
language. To give the Message was her
THE WEST
greatest joy, and the end of a life that
saw many hardships, struggles and
deprivations was blessed at its close with
the greatest bounty, the knowledge of
the Blessed Perfection and devotion to
the Glorious Cause.
Mira
MRS. SHERMAN
Mrs. Sarah A. Sherman of Menasha,
Wis, passed away August 20, 1919.
THOMAS MACMECHAN
Thomas MacMechan, a devoted Bahai
and beloved follower of the Center of
the Covenant, was summoned to the
Kingdom of eternal service November
7th, 1919'. He Was born April 6th, 1862,
in Dumfrieshire, Scotland, and had lived
thirty-six years in the United States.
For twenty years previous to his ac-
ceptance of the Bahai message of glad
tidings, he was a Christadelphian. The
pure heart of this beloved brother re-
flected the Abha glory and his face
shone with Winsome and unmistakable
light of the holy spirit of sanctity.
Throughout his Bahai life he manifest-
ed invincible steadfastness in the Cause
of God, spoke the heavenly message to
many souls, and ascended to the Su-
preme Concourse in the ineifable beauty
of the glory of God. The theme of his

