10 STAR OF THE WEST
been eliminated and harmony and concord established! This good news
has made everybody hopeful that soon the torch of the Oneness of the World
of Humanity may be enkindled in New Yorkvoyage to India, it is not yet decided. In case it is settled
we shall inform you.
Convey the utmost love and attachment of Abdul-Baha's heart to the
favored and respected maid-servant of God, l\/Irs. Parsons, Mr. Randall, Mr.
Mills, Mr. Ashton and Mr. Hall. I hope from the'bounties of the Kingdom these
souls may enlighten the world of humanity, may promulgate the oneness of the
world of existence and like unto stars may shine upon men by the light of
union and concord from the horizon of the world.
I always remember your mother as well as your father. Convey to both my
respect and love.
I ever remember Mr. Bourgeois, particularly the night I was his guest, a
night that we passed in joy and fragrance. Send to me the design of the
Mashrekol-azkar as produced by him. I pray God that this year the construc-
tion of the Mashrekol-azkar will be started.
Convey -greeting and respect to Miss Lloyd.
Concerning communication with the Holy Land, that is to say, Haifa,
communicate directly for the hinderances and obstacles have been eliminated.
Convey to each and all the believers of God the utmost longing and
greeting.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
P. S.: The enclosed bookletsit have been perused. Send for us one hundred
copies of each for they are exceedingly praiseworthy. Verily, you are engaged
in serving the Cause and thus His Holiness is well pleased with
you and I am also satisfied and content.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
""Booklets "Big Bens" and "Little Bens."
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, Haifa, Palestine, December 12, 1918.)
CORINNE TRUE
To the maid~servant of God, Corinne True, Chicago, Ill.--Upon her be 
LLAH E1-Abha!
He Is God!
thou firm in the Covenant!
Your letter dated November 23rd, 1918, was received. Its contents indi-
cated that, praise be to God, you were engaged in the service of Mashrekol-
azkar; that this Universal Edifice may be erected. Indeed you spare no effort
in this respect, and I entertain the hope that this endeavor may grow day by
day. Deeds are like unto trees, for to plant a shrub is no difficult matter, while
the care necessary for its growth and yielding fruit is hard and difficult. So
far, efiort was expended to lay the foundations of the Temple, but now its erec-
tion and completion is a difficult matter, and my hope is that the friends of
God may be therein assisted.
The second question which is of vital importance is that the friends of God
must strive with heart and soul and promulgate heavenly teachings and spread

