STAR OF THE WEST 141
and in the solidarity of the union of the
East and West.
The recent Tablets received from Ab-
dul-Baha show that direct communication
has been restored, and they gave us
great joy, as they brought the happy
news of the Master's good health.
They are in reality blessings to the
friends, and all glory to those Who had
the honor to receive the privilege.
The friends here are all doing Well
and ha.ve most devotedly engaged them-
selves in the service of His Covenant.
All are animated with the same feel-
ing, the same sentiments and the same
aspirations, namely: To hold aloft the
sacred ensign of His mighty command.
With Bahai love and greetings I beg
to remain,
Ever your devoted co-Worker in
the service of the Holy Covenant.
Syed Mustosfa.
How the door of communication was opened
Letter from Mirza Azizollah Shirazi, Haifa, to Mirza Mahmood Baghir Khan
Shirazi, Teheran, Persia--The first Tablet received in Egypt,
Haifa, Palestine,
Sept. 25, 1918.
Greetings 
The believers here were more at rest
than any one else, because all the trou-
hles were upon the shoulders of the holy
Person.
It is impossible to tell the troubles
borne by the Beloved during the past
four years. The Commander-in-Chief
the Turkish oppressor, Jamal Pasha, af-
ter a written complaint from the nake-
zeen, said: "After I am through fight-
ing and conquer on the Suez canal, and
return to Jerusalem, in the same place
where Christ was crucified I will crucify
Abdul-Baha." Praise be to God, he had
not reached the canal when the English
army poured missiles like rain upon
his camp. He could do nothing but flee
like a deer.
Thank God, after he was overcome
God gave him no opportunity to carry
out his evil design, for on the 23rd of
September, while We were looking out
from the Travelers' Rest near the Tomb
of the Bab, We saw English and Indian
horsemen coming from the eastern side
of Haifa, attacking the Turkish cannons
and coming into and taking the city. The
remaining Turks who were fighting and
had no chance to escape were taken
prisoners. The General of the attacking
army, the conqueror of Haifa, reached
Khezr. And between Khezr and the Ger-
man colony, the mayor of the city and
the prominent men Went out to meet him.
The first question he asked was this: Is
Abdul-Baha in this city and is he safe t"
Later, he, himself, and his chief offi-
cers Were often visiting the Beloved,
going and coming, and receiving spirit-
ual nourishment. The name of the con-
queror and captor of Haifa, Who asked
the question concerning the welfare of
the Beloved, is General Andrew Allenby.
Last night also, Colonel Storrs, the
Governor of Jerusalem, who speaks
Arabic correctly and fluently, rode in
his own automobile to Haifa and im-
mediately came to the house and visited
the Beloved. He said: have come
on the part of the government which I
serve, namely, Brittania. I am a mes-
senger, and came especially to inquire
about the health of the Master, a11d send
the glad tidings." This morning he
came with another General and visited
the Beloved. Soon after taking leave,
he returned to Jerusalem.
The health of the Beloved, thank God,
is good and he is joyful and free from
trouble.
You will kindly spread the news in
Shiraz and thereabouts. Our venerable
spiritual father, Aga Hadji Mirza Hey-
dar I be sacrificed for him is

