STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall he strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these -fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. IO Sharaf 1, 75 (December 31, l9l9) N0. 16
Bahai Pilgrims
By Mas. J. S. 
SOME thirty years ago there started
from a small devastated village of
Sisan, Persia, a group of travelers, poor
and helpless, on a long, uncertain jour-
ney to tl1e "land of desire," their "door
of hope," the city of Acca, Palestine.
They came on foot, two donkeys carry-
ing their luggage, braving every danger
and suffering every toil. They carried
throughout the long distance an earthen
pot containing a narcissus in flower as
a present to When near
the end of their Wearisome journey and
the city of the verdant plains of Acca.
unfolded to their sight, all sufferings
were in a twinkling forgotten as they
viewed the mansion which marked the
limit of their destination. Yet it was
with swollen, blistered feet that they,
attained the gate, and finally prostrated
at the feet of the Blessed Perfection, de-
Editors of Tan Saute or Wnsr=
"When visiting Abdul-Baha in Haifa,
Nov. 2nd to 12th, 1919, Shoghi Rabbani
gave us this group picture of the Master
and the pilgrims who had spent six
months journeying to reach the Holy
Land Where dwelt the one to whom their
faces are turned, the Center of the
Covenant, Abdul-Baha.
Mrs. Stannard of England, now liv-
ing in Cairo, gave me the enclosed arti-
cle written by her for the readers of the
STAR or Wnsr. It was our blessed
privilege to meet a number of these faith-
ful friends and to see the fire of their
intense love for the Bahai Cause.
Co-rinnc T-rue.
positing their humble floral offering as
they knelt. With what showers of
blessing and favors were they not re-
wardedl Their gift accepted they knew
that in His sight it meant more than un-
told gold or costly presents that kings
might offer, for it was the expression of
love and sacrifice. 'Nhile BArLt'o'LL.in
testified His appreciation, the pilgrims
pleaded in low tones for His blessing,
continually repeating: "Make me to he
Thy sacrifice, redeem and save my soul.' 
Abdul-Baha alone could talk with them
in their own native dialect, but they
spoke eloquently in the deep language
of the heart.
This impressive incident, related by
Abdul-Baha to his followers, can find a
parallel in the narrative of some recently
arrived pilgrims from Persia, via Bush-
ire and Bombay. Some had started on
a long and trying journey four or five
months previously. Many obstacles
were continually met and dangers avert-
ed, delays and severe restrictions, ex-
orbitant fees with wretched accommoda-
tion, and difficulties of transport they
cheerfully endured. Not least among
the miseries of their material conditions
were those of sea journeys due to the
monsoon season. Twenty days on tu-
multuous seas, many passed four days
Without food, drinking only a little
water and vomiting blood. Having safe-
ly reached Egypt one unique disappoint-
ment Was still in store for them. The
steamer on which they had transshipped
for Haifa from Port Said, reached
Haifa bay and when in sight of Mt.
Carmel, suddenly, to their stupcfaction,

