STAR OF THE 261
verdant leaves and fragrant flowers of
the glorification of the Center of the
Covenant. Again We praise Him with
such words whereby hearts are cheered
and breasts are dilated, and we thank
Him in such whereby the light
of bliss and beatitude shine forth from
the horizon of the hearts!
ye beloved of God and His friends!
Consider how in the second Psalm, Da-
vid (Peace be upon him!) has an-
nounced the appearance of the Son Of
God in dominion and judgment, and
how he hath Warned the kings and
judges of the earth to serve him! Con-
sider in the fourth chapter of Isaiah how
that great prophet has foretold the ap-
pearance of the Exalted "Branch" of
the Lord in the utmost beauty and
glory, and how God hath appointed him
a place of refuge for the saved ones.
Consider how Isaiah has spoken in the
eleventh chapter of his book that the
lofty "Branch" of the Blessed Tree
shall appear from the root of David, and
shall grow out of the Holy Land; how
the spirit of supremacy and power, of
counsel and divine Wisdom shall rest
11p011 him; the lights of glory and di-
vine grandeur shall beam forth from his
shining face; how he shall hoist the pa-
vilion of universal peace and divine
equity, and assemble all the various and
contradictory nations, including Weak
and strong, high and low, under the
shadow of union and harmony.
Reflect upon the 26th verse of the
30th chapter of the book of Isaiah, how
God, the Almighty, has clearly spoken
that in the day when Israel shall be
saved, and the sins and errors of the
heirs of Abraham effaced, the shining
moon of the Center of the Covenant
shall gleam forth in the utmost glory
and splendor, and the beaming lights
scintillating from the brilliant face of
that. dawninguplace of supremacy and
Lordship shall be like unto the Sun of
Truth! Consider how, in the first few
verses of the 42d chapter of Isaiah, it
is clearly shown that in the last day,
God, the Exalted, shall elect the bearer
of the banner of His servitude, confer
upon him the Holy Spirit of His (ii-
vinity, unfurl the standard of the Su-
preme Covenant and Testament in His
Name, and shall protect him, with His
strong hand,. from the deceit of the
violators and the devices of the people of
rancor; that Servant of the Lord shall
become a banner for the people's salva-
tion and a light for hearts and souls;
shall restore the blind and deliver the
captives; direct those who sit in dark-
ness unto light; place all the creatures
under the standard of universal peace,
security and absolute emancipation, and
make the tongues of all in the East and
'West fluent in new and wonder-
ful glorifications!
Likewise, consider the chapter of
Daniel. First, in the 9th and 10th
verses, God hath announced the Mani-
festation of the Great Lord, the Ancient
King, the Most Holy Beauty of Ahha
[Glorified is His Supreme Name!) and
hath spoken of the founding of the
sound religion and manifest law and
of the rise of the hosts of chosen ones
and holy ones.
Then He hath said in the 13th and
14th verses of the same chapter that
the Excellent "Branch" shall be ex-
tended from that Ancient Root, and the
Spirit of God descended from heaven
shall shine forth from his beaming
face and Glory and Kingdom shall be
conferred upon him from God; his com-
mand shall influence all nations and
multitudes, and his Kingdom shall con-
tinue forever.
Likewise, consider the 8th and 9th
verses of the 3d chapter of Zechariah,
where the great prophet has clearly
prophesied that in the day of the Most
Great Manifestation, the dawning of the
Sun of the Ancient Beauty, God, the
Exalted, shall bring about the removal
of the nations' iniquity and the elim-
ination of the people's calamities by the
rise of that Excellent "Branch" extend-
ed from the Pre-existent Root; and He

