STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM AB DUL-B AHA
thou STAR or THE Wnsr!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldsit thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. A1-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wicie--~and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness fir'm.ness, firmn-ess!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or run must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promul gator of the Cause of Gocl--so that both in the
East and the 'West they may become informed of the most important events.
(Signed) Aemxs.
STAR OF THE WEST FOUNDATION
States: Hoorne HARRIS. l/Vesfern Sta-tea': HELEN S. GOODALL.
Starter: Josnrn H. HANNEN. Dominion of Canada: 
antral States: ALBERT VAIL, 
Ezfitorial Sm_fi': ALBERT R. Zm M. 
Hotiorarjv ember: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Vol. 10 Asma 1, 75 (August 1, 1919) No. 8
Editorial -"But as the days of Noe were"
(St. Matt. XX1V: 37-139.)
Nineteen hundred years ago, the \\7oI'd of Godgspeaking through the
mouth of Jesus--uttered, concerning these days in which We live:
"But as the days of Noe Were, so shall also the coming the days that were before the flood they were eating and drinking,
marrying and giving in marriage, until. the day that Noe entered into the ark,
and knew not until the flood came, and took them all away; so shall also the
coining of the Son of man be."
Seven hundred years before, the Word of through the mouth
of concerning these days: "Every valley shall be exalted
and every mountain and hill made low."
Today, the "lord of through the mouth of Abdul-Bahar-as
recorded in the Great Tablet published in this issue of the STAR OF THE 
declares:
"Consider: Eminent personages fame has spread throughout the world,
shall, ere long, be exterminated as the result of their deprivation of this heavenly
bounty; no name and no fame shall they leave behind, and of them no fruit and
trace shall survive."

