26 STAR OF THE VVEST
grances of God may be dilfused to other
parts. That was the purpose of this
Servant.
All the govermnents and the nations
of>> the World have fallen in painful tor-
ture from the mischief of this universal
wa.r; the edifice of mankind quaked and
the world of humanity fell into a great
crisis. All the sects have become tar-
gets for the arrows of calamities-, but
through the infinite bestowals of the
Blessed Beauty this op-
pressed party (the Bahais) in all coun-
tries remained safe and protected. This
is from the blessings of the divine teach-
ings. All the nations and governments
are assured that the party of God has no
other purpose and desire save peace,
reconciliation, the oneness of the World
of humanity, harmony and kindness.
Even all the enemies give testimony to
this. For this world-consuming War has
become the cause of the fulfillment of
that which had been explicitly recorded
in the divine Tablets and like unto the
sun in the setting horizon, has become
manifest and evident. There remains
no room of denial for any soul. The
evidence is complete. Some of the ene-
mies who composed books merely for cor-
ruption and to ignite the fire of hate,
have recorded in their own books these
divine behests which had emanated. from
the Supreme Pen and were printed and
distributed more than thirty years ago.
They have even interpreted and ex-
plained some of the words that were
obscure so as to agitate the
authorities of the enemy to strike and
uproot the Blessed Tree! Even the
well-known Mirza Mahdy Khan, wrote
in the book of his de1usion* these divine
records. For example, he put in paren-
thesis the word "Constantinople" for
thou point that art situated between
the two seas" in order to disturb the
ii-
*lAbdul-Baha refers to a book called
Meftah Bab-cl-Ab'wab--the key of the
door of doors written by Mahdy Khan
in Egypt in the years 1907-1908.
celebrated personageil' and to make him
understand that "verily, upon thee hath
been established the throne of oppres-
sion" meant himself--the Sultan. These
enemies were indeed the heralds. Now
that these divine behests have, after
fifty years, become fulfilled, there re-
mains no room for denial for any soul,
because as above written, these were
recorded and printed in the writings
of the enemies. Every one who denies
may refer to them.
Undoubtedly, you have perused the
European papers. This Servant in all
gatherings, assemblies, synagogues and
churches, declared at the top of his
voice: ye who are present! ye
who are hearing! The continent of
Europe is like unto hell! Below the
surface the earth is filled with com-
bustible materials. It is an arsenal and
a storehouse for ammunition and it de-
pends only upon a spark to have its
flames suddenly reach the zenith of
heaven! The fire of War will envelop
the horizon and assuredly this shall
come to pass! ye people, strive and
make great efforts, perchance this world-
consuming fire may become suppressed
and extinguished. Otherwise, countries
shall be overturned, the world from
the east to the West will become devas-
tated, the human edifice shall be upset
and in the world of His creation the
structure of rest and happiness shall
fall!"
These explicit talks were spread in the
papers of the year 1912. Now, according
tothe divine texts the susceptibilities of
Universal Peace are emanating from the
hearts. The wise among the people who
considered this great Cause as an im-
possibility and thought of it as super-
stitions, have now arisen in its promo-
tion. The divine texts are being used
by the mouths of the Well-wishers in
different expressions.
Unquestionably, you have heard of the
splendid addresses delivered by His
Highness the President (Woodrow VH1-
Sultan of Turkey, Abdul Hamid.

