64- STAR OF THE WEST
ions and their conflicting systems and
claims, then it is eminently desirable and
important that there should exist in the
World one movement at least that stands
for the ideal of genuine brotherhood in
the sphere of religion.
Just one Word more. I am drawn to
this Movement because it is not a sect
but a fellowship, and because it is not a
sect, it is in a position to appeal to all
sects. \Vhat is a sect? A sect, as its
DELEGATES AND FRIENDS ATTENDING ELEVENTH ANNUAL MAS
derivation the Latin
a part of humanity that has
cut itself ofi from all the rest in order
to live for itself and convert all the rest
of the world into material for its own
growth. But, friends, a part of hu-
manity that lives not only for itself but
for all the World beside, in one univer-
sal aim, is not a sect at all, but a fellow-
ship. Whether the part be many or few,
it is not sectarian if it lives for no sec-
tarian end. Consequently, While the
vast Christian Church is only a sect, and
the vaster Buddhist Church is but a
sect, the little Bahai Movement is no
sect at all, but a Fellowship because it
lives not for a sectarian end but rather
for the purpose of serving as a leaven
through which the world shall be helped
to live up to the level of its own highest
and noblest ends. May I express my
very fervent hope that you of the Bahai
Movement will remain true to your pres-
ent distrust of organization and see to
it that you organize only to such a de-
gree as shall prove absolutely essential
to the performance of that great leaven-
ing work which is yours.
Just as fast as men and women every-
where grow to care more for spiritual
freedom than they care for enslaving
tradition and creed, just as fast as men
and women everywhere come to care
more for the triumph of Truth than they
care for the triumph of their sect, so
fast will the world witness that religious
fellowship which rises far above the level
of all distinctions of class, color, race
and creed and unites men in that ideal
Fellowship that was the dream of BAHA-
and which is the inspiration of
all his followers today.

