STAR OF THE WEST 73
Recent Tablet to the Bahais of Egypt
Translation of the blessed Tablet revealed by Abdul~Baha and sent by him for-
publication in the STAR or THE WEST.

To the STAR OF-THE WEST:
Haifa, Palestine, March 17, 1919.
Dear Sir herewith enclose a copy of a Tablet recently revealed for the
friends and maid-servants of the Merciful in the country of Egypt, which the
Beloved wishes you to publish in the columns of your well-known STAR or' TEE
Wnsr.
Shoghi Rabbar/?-

To the friends and the maid-servants of
the Merciful in the country of Egypt
--Upon them be El-Baha-el-Abha!
He is God!
ye who are sincere! ye who are
attracted! ye who are of the new
creation!
God, the Praised and the Exalted, hath
said: "Are these the same as the old
creatures? Nay rather, they are clothed
in garments of a new creation!" Then
know ye that in the estimation of God,
the example of the creatures is like unto
a pure, blessed tree of a wonderful
trunk and strong seeds. He causes it
to grow gracefully, then its roots be-
come firm, its twigs spring forth, its
leaves become verdant, its flowers bloom
and its fruits appear. Then its shade
expands over all the regions, until it
reaches its ultimate evolution and
growth, attains to its development and
height, its significances become perfect
and its branches extend over the East
and the West of the earth. Then its
creation is completed, its evolution is
accomplished, its hopes become evident,
it obtains its desire, it attains to its ut-
most perfection and its beauty becomes
manifest. Then its withering begins,
its leaves turn yellow, its flowers become
scattered, its fruits fall down and its
elements return to the layers of
its soil. No fruits remain upon it, no
leaves, no attractiveness, no beauty, no
sweetness and no freshness, until it be-
comes like unto an old hollow palm tree.
Then a new tree grows from its seeds,
green, verdant and freshened by the
divine outpouring, the merciful breeze,
the heat from the Sun of Reality, the
heavy rain from the clouds of the abund-
ant mercy and the blowing wind from
the wafting place of Providence. 'What-
ever verse we abolish or forget we re-
place by a better one." This is the
example of the new creation, the mirac-
ulous cycle and the second resurrection,
which is in conformity with the first
creation.
Then thank ye God, the Praised and
the Exalted, for the light of guidance,
this complete bounty and this great be-
stowal. "He chooseth for His mercy
Whomsoever He wisheth." Then it is
incumbent upon ye to cry out with
most wonderful melodies:
Praise be to the One who created this
marvelous dispensation!
Praise be to the One who made this new
creation wonderful!
Praise be to the One who ordained this
great outpouring!
Praise be to the One who shone forth
with this evident light!
Praise be to the One who renewed this
wonderful springtime!

