212 STAR OF THE WEST
Then, if you are able to realize that
there are neither Brahmans nor Pariahs
in the world, and that there cannot be
the distinction of classes, there cannot
be any class struggle because of the fact
that you shall reach up to the station
of the poor, then you shall attain to the
oneness of the world of humanity. But
you can attain to that distinction only
if you have conquered within yourself
that other self which rebels against one-
ness, that other animated by pride, ani-
mated by selfishness and animated by
greed, which divides this world today,
not principally in that of an Asia, in
that of a Europe, in that of an old or
that of a new world; but divided into
two great struggling classes of those
who possess materiality and those who
do not, those who possess spirituality
and those who do not. These are the
two great classes today, yet our eyes
are continually cast upon regions, divi-
sions geographical, racial, of nations and
colors, and so forth, notwithstanding the
fact that the barrier is greater in that of
possession than that of non-possession, of
materiality than of spirituality.
If you have conquered your materi-
ality, then you can go forth and serve
Almighty God in a manifestation of one-
ness with those who need to share your
bounty, or rather God's bounty--for
what are We but the servants of God
upon earth to deliver what God has
given--and yet we keep, we keep, We
keep, and we rarely give but to ourselves
and to those we call dear to us. As I
speak to you tonight, how many homes in
this city, how many homes in this state,
how many homes in the world, are suf-
fering while we in this great city are
in the midst of luxury, where people are
spending, spending thousands and thou-
sands and millions of dollars in festivi-
ties of all kinds. Tonight two thousand
men are assembled in the Bowery 
sion, and there is a tax of one cent
to each ticket they shall receive and
most of them haven 't got that penny to
give; and we are the children of God
here on the earth to deliver God's bounty,
and yet thousands are here who suffer
continually for the lack of the necessary
things to enable them to exist. One-
ness calls for your sharing all that you
have with them. That is the first duty.
The first duty is to share with your
brother, Not simply to share what you
have of money, not simply to share what
you may have of garments, not simply
to share what you may have of bread,
but to share of yourself, of your com-
panionship.
You say they haven 't got the educa-
tion; they haven 't got the manners. Oh,
they haven 't got it, because you d0n't
mix up with them! You haven 't given
them that, and God has given you
talent, God has given you the pos-
sibility of elevating their life into a
higher moral world, into a higher spirit-
ual World, and you are here Without put-
ting into practice that spirit of one-
ness Which brings the Pariah and the
Brahman to each other.
This is the message of the Bahai Rev-
elation. It is the grand message of the
Bahai Revelation that Abdul-Baha and
have both so beautifully
practiced in this world; they have shared
their bounty not simply in principle but
in person. They have nothing but of
themselves to give in person and they
gave all of that.- They had only the
period of life in themselves to give to
humanity and they gave all of that, and
the greatest message which was brought
by Abdul-Baha to England and to the
United States was brought in the Mis-
sions of the poor, in action, the oneness
of the world of humanity. We see it is
bringing together people of different
color, in bringing together" the Chinese
and the Americans, in bringing together
the South and the North. my friends,
it is in bringing together the child of
the Ghetto and you, it is bringing to-
gether the Bowery man and you; it is
to bring together the man who possesses
and the other who possesses nothing.
That is the grand work before us, bro-

