STAR OF THE 43
oppressed nationalities will not remain as before. Justice and Right shall be
fortified but the establishment of Universal Peace will be realized fully through
the power of the Word of God.
Upon thee be El~Abha!
(Signed) .ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, January 10, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)
CLAUDIA STUART COLES
To the maid-servant of God, Claudia Stuart Coles, \Vashington, D. C.
Is God!
thou beloved maid-servant of God!
Thy letter dated October 4, 1918, was received. It was not a letter but
rather a bouquet of flowers diffusing the sweet scent of firmness and steadfast-
ness and so it gave pleasure to the nostrils of the soul.
Praise be to God, the test proved to be the cause of the firmness and the
steadfastness of the people of faith. .
Throughout these years of disturbance and commotion, when the World of
humanity was physically and spiritually aiflicted, the friends of God passed
the day in rest, ease and comfort. In the Western countries only a few shared
in the hardship and affliction of other souls While the mass of the friends and
the maid-servants of the Merciful, of whom Mrs. Coles is one, have been living
quietly and peacefully. In the orient every nation became distracted and
every gathering dispersed save the friends of God who remained all protected
and sheltered from every trouble and calamity in the fort of 
protection. Verily, this is a divine miracle that we helpless, friendless, unpro-
tected, unsupported Wanderers in these regions should be saved amidst the fire
of oppression and tyranny. This is God's miracle.
In fine, praise be to God, yourself and the friends of God and the maid-
servants of the Merciful have, like unto an immovable rock, remained firm and
resolute in the Cause of God.
Organize Ye meetings and strive day and -night that ye may be the cause of
the diffusion of divine fragrances and the exaltation of the Word of God.
Concerning the book* that thou hadst written about; it has been written
on political affairs so that justice and equity may be promoted and the comfort
of the world of mankind may be realized.
Upon thee be Baha-el-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, January 28, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)
JEAN MASSON
To her honor, Miss Jean Masson--Upon her be El-Abha!
He is God!
thou herald of the Kingdom!
The detailed letter thou hadst written was perused. Its text was con-
ducive to joy and it embodied refreshing news. Praise thou the Lord, that thou
hast become the means of the promulgation of heavenly teachings and hast
Refers to Mysterious Forces of Civilization.

