94 STAR OF WEST
example of Abdul-Baha, we shall find
our greatest happiness in giving, giving,
giving to others.
This is the day of the divine har-
mony. Goethe compared the world's
great religions to the strings of a harp,
each of which gives forth a peculiar note
of its own, While the harmonious blend-
ing of all produces a of music.
Each of the seven great religions has its
dominant note, its distinctive feature, a
doctrine which difierentiates it from all
the rest. The several melodies constitute,
when blended, a of universal
religion. The dominant note of Hindu-
ism is the divine presence; the permeat-
ing note of Buddhism, renunciation; of
Parseeism, purity; of Confucianism, rev-
erence for the past; of Judaism, right-
eousness; of Christianity, love, and of
Mohammedanism, submission.
Have you ever stopped to realize that
seven major notes with variations and
the demi-semi-tones and combinations
make up all of the harmony of the
world? And so we have here outlined
before us seven dominant notes repre-
senting the seven great religious systems
of the world. The creeds and the sects
are many, and yet they are but varia-
tions of these seven primal notes. These
notes, -these great divine strings ane
sadly out of tune. There comes One
then, the Author and Creator of all, and
by the wonderful power of His Word
att-unes anew these strings, these seven
great notes, and lo, when played upon
by the master hand we have again sweep-
ing from East to West, from continent
to continent, from ocean to ocean, 
from world to World in this vast universe
of ours, the divine harmony, the harmony
of the new day. There is no spot so
remote but what that divine harmony
may be heard by those whose ears are
attuned to the Infinite; a11d so today
it is our privilege to stand, to listen, and
to make ourselves as reeds through
which the divine breath may blow, as
strings upon which the divine hand may
play, and thus the world shall become
one great of love, of peace,
of unity, of all the blessings of God 's
new day, the day of harmony, the day
of unity through love.
Allah 'o 'Abha I
(See page 9'9 for "Unveiling of the Divine Plan for the Southern States")
"Concerning the matter of receiving Orientals"
RECENT TABLET T0 JOSEPH H. HANNEN
To his honor, Mr. Hannen, vVE1Sl'll11gl3OIl,
D. C.--Upon him be El-
Abhai
He is God!
thou who art firm in the Covenant!
Your detailed letter dated March 10th,
1919, was perused. It imparted great
joy and happiness that, praise be to God,
the "friends in Wrashington are in the
utmost joy and fragrance and are act-
ing and conducting themselves in ac-
cordance 'with the Covenant and the
Testament. They are kind to one an-
other and are ready to sacrifice them-
selves for the promulgation of heavenly
teachings.
Assuredly, invisible confirmation shall
come to their aid and assistance and
manifest light shall illumine their sight.
Concerning the matter of receiving
Orientals regarding which you had in-
quired, affiliate and associate and exer-
cise the utmost kindness to the Hindus,
Chinese and Japanese Orientals for they
have no bad intentions and are not ill-
natured; but assuredly do not receive
and associate with any Persian or Arab
who may come to those regions without
having an autographic letter of recom-
mendation from me and bearing my sig-
nature. He may perhaps go to those

