STAR OF THE WEST 263
Recent Tablets from Abdul-Baha to American Bahais
ELLA G. COOPER
(Portion of Tablet from Abdul-Baha
to Mrs. Ella G. Cooper, San Francis-
co, California.)
. . . . Four letters have been received
from you, the last dated April 18th,
1919'. All of them were indicative of
firmness in the great Covenant. Praise
be to God, the friends in California are
holding fast to the helm of the Almighty
and are attracted to the God of Elijah.
Their movement is like unto the attrac-
tion of steel which is subjected to mag-
netic power; their aims are confined to
the good pleasure of God and their
highest Wish centers around the un-
bounded blessing. They are engaged in
service and are intimately connected
with the Holy Spirit. . . . .
Thou hast referred to the little as-
sembly of Los Angeles. Although that
assembly is small, yet it is kept under
the protecting of God. If it prove to
be firm and steadfast it shall resist all
that is on earth.
Consider how many souls arose after
His Holiness Christ and determined to
extinguish the Lamp of God. Even the
Roman emperor, who was a most emi-
nent philosopher, exerted the utmost
effort in order to resist the sweeping
movement; he wrote a refutatory book
against His Holiness Christ, published
it throughout his empire, and caused a
great many to turn away from His
Holiness Christ. But, eventually, the
power of the Word of God conquered
and broke all imperial resistance. The
resplendent light of the Covenant and
Testament of God dissipated the dark-
ness of doubt and suspicion that was
entertained by those philosophers and
potentates. It is evident, therefore, as
to what will result from these important
forces.
At most it is this: that some feeble
and heedless souls will waver in the
Cause of God, but ultimately this fire
will be quenched.
Refer to the history of the Church
and read the details of the activities of
Arius, the Patriarch of Alexandria.
Notwithstanding the fact that his fol-
lowers numbered a million and a half,
and the support of the mighty emperor
was extended to him, eventually he was
completely destroyed and no trace of
him whatever remained, and so on and
so forth. . . . . Undoubtedly, Wherever
a carcass is to be found, a number of
ravens and contemptible dogs gather
around that putrefying body, but ere
long they shall be scattered in great
distress.
. . . . Read attentively the transla-
tions of his honor Mirza Abul Fazl's
book, The Brilliant Proof; it is very
necessary, and send it, then to the
spiritual assembly of Los Angeles. . . .
(Signed) ABDUL--BAI--IA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Haifa, Palestine, June 2, 1919.)
MARY RABB
To the maid-servant of God, Mrs. Mary
Rabb, care of Mrs. Ella Goodall
her be 
El-Abhai
He Is God!
0 thou daughter of the Kingdom!
Your letter dated March 5th, 1919,
was received. Its contents were con-
ducive to gladness and they indicated
firmness and steadfastness in the glori-
ous Covenant.
Today the pulsating power in the ar-
teries of the body of the world is the
spirit of the Covenant--the spirit which
is the cause of life. Whosoever is vivi-
fied with this spirit the freshness and
beauty of life become manifest in him,
he is baptized with the Holy Spirit, he
is born again, is freed from oppression
and tyranny, from heedlessness and in-
clemency which deaden the spirit, and
attains unto everlasting life.

