STAR OF THE 39
rest is even impossible. God willing, I trust, through the bounty of 
that as soon as means for the composure of mind and of heart are provided,
I shall determine to journey and shall inform thee about it.
Convey on my behalf utmost kindness to thy beloved son and in perfect
love kiss thou his two cheeks. My prayer to God is that he may grow to be the
cause of thy happiness and satisfaction.
The maid-servant of God, Edna Ballora, has been struck with a great
affliction. She is deeply grieved and sad. Assuredly extend thou thy care
upon her and be thou her stay and solace.
. Convey to the two enlightened souls, Leona Barnitz and Mrs. Finch, my love
and kindness, and tell them: "Praise ye God, that assistance has been extended
and ye have turned your faces to the Supreme Horizon :--the bounty and
guidance of which the mass of people are unaware, ye have found, and have
adorned your head with a crown of supreme guidance, the glittering gems of
which gleam and glisten throughout ages a11d generations. Do not look at the
present condition, acontemplate the future. The Apostles of Christ were
fishermen, were destitute of fame and position and enjoyed no grade and
rank. They were, as it is intimated in the Gospel, insignificant persons, yea,
they were low in the sight of the people. At present consider ye, what change
has taken place--hoW great they have become! Nay rather, they have been the
sovereigns of the Kingdom. The bounties of His Holiness to His
servants shall in the future be made evident and manifest."
Upon thee be El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, January 8, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)
ALICE IVES BREED
To the maid-servant of God, Mrs. Alice Ives Breed, New York.--Upon her be
El-Abha!
. is God!
thou respected maid-servant of God!
Thy letter dated November 17th, 1918, was received. Its contents was an
exposition of truth.
Indeed, had the world of women wielded sufficient prestige, the conflagra-
tion of this wa.r would not have set the world aflame.
If the mass of women in Europe and all those of America had been
enfranchised throughout all the states, undoubtedly they would not agree to
war. At present, this war has made millions of children fatherless and millions
of fathers and mothers destitute of sons; this war has snatched from pitiable
sisters their brethren; this war has turned millions of women widows and
destitute of husbands; this war has made cities desolate; this war has brought
confusion and chaos in millions of villages; this war has made the very founda-
tions of mankind quake and quiver.
If, in the future, women like unto men are given the franchise, assuredly
they shall prevent the occurrence of war, whereas otherwise the matter will be
difficult. Man is sanguinary and even worse than devouring beasts. Of what
use is exhortation and to what amounts admonition? A mighty power is
necessary in order to make an effective it will be eXceed~

