92 STAR OF WEST
"Blessed is he who loves the world sim-
ply for the sake of the face of his
generous Lord. VVith perfect compas-
sion and mercy have we guided and di-
rected the people of the world to that
whereby their souls shall be profited."
declare by the Sun of Truth, which
has shone forth from the highest horizon
of the world, that the people of Baha
had not and have not any aim save the
prosperity and reformation of the world
and the purifying of the nations."
Religion must be the Cause of Amity and Friendship
Address by JOSEPH H. HANNEN, of VVashington, D. C., delivered at the Second
Session of the Bahai Congress, Sunday Afternoon, April 27th,
1919. Stenographically reported.
IN the great principles laid down by
for the government of
the world in the new age that is to come,
the third is that religion must be the
cause of friendship and amity.
First let me quote to you from some
of the sayings of Abdul-Baha upon this
subject: "The basis of the teaching of
is the unity of mankind
and his greatest desire Was that love
and good Will should live in the hearts
of men. As he exhorted the people to
do away with strife and discord, so I
wish to explain to you the principal
reason of the unrest among nations.
The chief cause is the misrepresentation
of religion by the leaders and teachers
of religion. They teach their followers
to believe that their own form of re-
ligion is the only one pleasing to God,
and that followers of any other persua-
sion are condemned by the all-loving
Father and deprived of His mercy and
grace; hence arise among the peoples
disapproval, contempt, disputes and
hatred. If these religious prejudices
could be swept away the nations would
soon enjoy peace and concord. . . .
"If only the whole world would ac-
knowledge the greatness of all the
heaven-sent teachers, strife and discord
would soon vanish from the face of the
earth and God 's Kingdom would come
among men. . . . If men could only
learn the lesson of mutual tolerance,
understanding and brotherly love, the
unity of the World would soon be an
established fact.' (From Paris Talks.)
The Center of the Covenant, Abdul-
Baha, has explained to us the principal
reason of the unrest so apparent among
the various religious groups of man-
kind: The followers of each religious
Teacher, Manifestation, -Prophet--call
him What you Will--regard themselves
as the chosen people of God, and all
others as merely tolerated beings.
Now, in promulgating his great prin-
ciples for the government of the World
in the new age, has de-
clared in the third, that religion must
be the cause of amity and friendship.
All religion, like all love, is universal in
its inception. The child that loves its
home, tenderly and unselfishly, is poten-
tially the man who expresses much love.
The little girl who mothers her doll will
make, we know, the best mother; and
the mother is the heart of the nation;
of the World. But man is not content
to continue upon the unselfish basis
which marked all beginnings of real
religion. He would circumsoribe the di-
vine revelation of love--regarding him-
self and those of his persuasion as the
children of God, and all others as being
outside the love and care of an all-
loving Father! What a misapprehen-
sion! And yet as an unselfish com-
munity, filled with the spirit of co-opera-
tion and brotherhood, is developed by
binding together many families rich in
family love, so God, today, having
trained His people in the principles of
spirituality, is bringing them together

