STAR OF THE WEST 21
sustenance for the world. Now the doors
are opened and through the protection
of a messenger has reached
the shores of America. Abdul-Baha said
to Mirza Ahmad that he wished him to
arrive in time for the Convention and
that he should do this at any cost.
Every difficulty was removed and Mirza
Ahmad has arrived and is in Washing-
ton translating the great messages of
Abdul-Baha. These are to be given out
at the Convention and Congress' meet-
ings in accordance with the instructions
of Abdul-Baha.
To a degree never before known these
gatherings are being planned and car-
ried forward under the direct guidance
of Abdul-Baha. In a more wonderful
sense than ever before realized it is the
Convention of Abdul-Baha. The pro-
gram for the Convention and Congress
will revolve around these great messages
which will be brought forward in nine
presentations.
It is suflieient to suggest that every-
one who attends these meetings will be
astonished at the import and significance
of these messages. No words can de-
scribe them, for they are the Creative
Word, itself. They are the illumination
of the World of humanity, the essence of
hope to every despondent one, the full
explanation, the radiant, powerful traces
of the brilliant Sun of Truth. Wonder-
ful constructive days are now beginning
of which these messages are the pivot.
Come all ye people, all ye worshippers
of the Sun of Reality, and hear with the
outer and inner ear the melodies of the
Heavenly Singer! Can ye discern be-
hind the veil of words that this is the
Call of God, in His Manifest Grandeur?
Come ye with hearts pure, radiant,
thankful, open, and with your beings
clear, like a white page upon which will
be written the traces of the Godly in-
structions!
This is an epoch-making gathering,
not alone to the Bahais, but to the entire
world. All are in His Assembly.
A number of the friends called into
consultation with Mirza Ahmad, who
have been permitted to obtain only a
glimpse of Abdul-Baha's messages,
found themselves submerged in the sea
of forgiveness, and swept into the
realm of his presence and his all sur-
rounding love. Their breasts were di-
lated and their minds were quickened at
the contemplation of the manifest gifts
of God, and with our hearts and souls
we longed for everyone to share in this
heavenly table.
In these gatherings the heavenly
feast will be spread and all who long
for this sustenance are invited, from the
highways and byways of the world of
existence.
In the name of Abdul-Baha, we bid
ye welcome, all ye who are thirsty, all ye
who are hungry, all ye who are confused,
all ye who are longing, all ye who are
hopeless, for He has come. The doors
are open, the call is raised, the sacrific-
ing hearts are yearning for servitude.
WVill ye come?
In the love of the Spirit,
CONVENTION AND Conoanss COMMITTEE
or THE EXECUTIVE BOARD
By Harlem Foster Ober, Secretary.
[Tlte following letters addressed to all
the f1"'l67tClS by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab were
included in this commzmicatiom]
I/Vashington, D. C.,
March 30, 1919.
My dear brothers and sisters in the
Cause!
It is indeed a great joy to be back
in America and feel the warmth and
heat of the love of Abdul-Baha in the
hearts of the friends! The greatest hap-
piness in this life is to associate with
the believers and see in their faces the
light of Truth, in their hearts the jewels
of wisdom and in their souls the fra-
grance of constancy.
Six years ha.ve rolled on, and I have
been absent from your midst; but
although absent in body, yet all of you
were often remembered at the Thresh-
hold of and i11 the pres-

