STAR OF THE WEST 213
thers and sisters in the_Bah.ai teachinghere for you to do
and you have not far to travel. You
have it in your midst. You have it in
your midst. You have it in your midst!
And then that oneness of the world of
humanity calls for you to be very tol-
erant of those who hold a different vision
than you do as regards the economic
and social questions that are agitating
the world today. Christ said, "Call no
one fool." Be careful of the expression
that you may use whenever you desig-
nate any one that is struggling towards
an equalization of the and spiri-
tual opportunities. Don 't simply try
to dominate them through your superior
intellectuality. Rather go for a certain
time and live the life with them. Share
their tribulations.. Share their sorrows.
Share their trials and bring some joy
into their life. Sometimes you may re-
alize it is difficult for you to bring laugh-
ter upon the lips and that it may take
time, if you come with silks and satins
and pearls, to convince them that you
are sharing with them all that you have
of self and position, and you are one with
them, that you are with them in a spirit
of unity. Because they have eyes that
see and penetrate, for they have gone
through sorrows, they have gone through
tribulations, and their eyes do not see
simply the outward things, but they see
the inward. And men, in order to be
one with them, you must be in the spirit
of severance, you must be the servant
of the servants of God, and only in that
way may you be at one with humanity--
by being the servant of the servants of
Cod, and that calls for severance.
And to be at one with the world of
humanity you must then, after having
given all of yourself to Almighty God
and to His servants upon the earth, soar
forth, delivering your material self to
humanity, soar forth in the spirit of
Almighty God, vibrating in harmony
with His divine flow, and there, reach-
ing out to Him, find that inspiration
that will guide you on without thought
of boundary, of social distinction, of ra-
cial distinction, of national distinction,
unto the Kingdom of God which has been
prepared for all of His children and
which today is being illumined by the
divine Tablets that are being revealed,
being presented, to us.
Al1aho'Abha 
The Seed Sowing of the Ages
Address by Mas. MAY MAXWELL of Montreal, Canada, delivered at the Fifth
Session of the Bahai Congress at Hotel McAlpin, New York City, Monday
evening, April 28th, 1919. Stenographically reported.
ELOVED friends: As we have
gathered here day by day and night
by night in this room in the heart of this
great city, we must have all realized
that we are in the presence of an extra-
ordinary event, that as the torrents of
living water have poured from these
great creative Tablets over our souls,
we have been submerged in a realm of
light and beauty and love which leaves
us in great amazement. It may be that
the most difficult thing for the soul is
to become conscious of the greatness of
events with which we are contemporan-
eouc. We look back over the history of
the human race and we see how many
thousand years ago God made covenant
with mankind through Abraham, and
in that covenant He promised that the
day would come upon this dark world
when the seed of Abraham should be
as the stars of heaven and the sands
of the sea. When Moses gave the great
Tablets to the Israelitish people and they
gathered on either side of the mountain
and took an oath of allegiance and devo-
tion and love and loyalty to that great
covenant of steadfastness and servitude

