STAR OF WEST 149
ligion that has ever made Work equiv-
alent to prayer. It is not necessary to
flee from the world in order to be near
to God; nor need one retire from the
work-bench in order to pray. For by
command, work done in
the spirit of service is equivalent to
prayer. Service done in love is the key
to the Kingdom. Of this there is potent
witness in the personality of Abdul-
Baha, the Servant of God, who has made
his life a perpetual and joyous sacrifice,
-first to his father, and
then to the whole world. He is the per-
sonification of service; and his words
and actions are the inspiration which
spur on others to give their time and
strength and money to the Cause of hu-
manity and of God.
No one must be idle. In the Bahai
state there will be neither tramp nor
monied loafer--beggar nor remittance
man. All will contribute some service
to the state--else they sin in the eyes of
God. But Work will then be far more
joyous than it is it will
be done in the spirit of love, done under
divine inspiration--and the task-like
quality of work will yield to a happy
creativeness such as now characterizes
only the artist 's productions.
"Thou shalt earn thy living by the
sweat of thy supplanted by,
"God cares for all his creatures."
Liberty of governinentflequality be-
fore the been achieved by the
advanced members of the human race;
but nowhere is there real equality of op-
portunity. Poverty is a handicap too
great for all but the most powerful wills
to overcome; while property and privi-
lege raise to eminence men worthy only
of the Workshop or the prison bench.
thorough, practical,
the key to equal opportunity. By
this means are the talented brought for-
ward, the great achievers" of the human
race discovered and aided in their work.
Not equality of position, but equality of
opportunity, is the standard of the Ba-
hai state. Let the great enjoy a position
and a wealth commensurate with their
abilities and service. But let all have an
equal chance to achieve.
So lays great stress on
education. To give one's children the
best education possible is a spiritual
duty--and daughters must receive an
equal education with the sons, because
they are to be the mothers of the coming
generation. These commands for uni-
versal education, less needed in the oc-
cident, are absolutely essential to ori-
ental progress; for the great weight
which keeps the orient down is the ig-
norance of its masses.
The Bahai Movement brings a mes-
sage of inspiration and freedom to
WOII1611. They are in all things poten-
tially the equals of their
training and education is to be as broad
and far-reaching as that given to their
brother-men. Humanity cannot fly on
one wing only. Woma11's power must
be added to man's power, woman's
vision and ideals to man's vision and
ideals for the achievement of a perfect
humanity. The vanity and domination
of the masculine element must yield to
a greater harmony of sex, in which sym-
pathy, understanding, and co-operation
will enable man and woman to march
abreast toward the victory of spirit.
In the Bahai Movement, the antag-
onism between science and religion is
abolished. There can be no quarrel be-
tween the truth of science and the truth
of religion, because truth is one. If
there is an apparent divergence, it is
due to partial error. For religion to
deny the truths of science is folly. By
so doing it becomes mere superstition.
Religion must comport with science,
declared.
But there is a limitation in the science
of today which must be overcome before
it is worthy of sharing truth with re-
Iigion.
For science to deny God, is for it to
deny the very ground Work and sub-
stance of existence. Such a science is
no-science. There can be no harmony

