STAR OF THE WEST 217
"Praise be to God, Whatever has been
explicitly recorded in the divine Tablets
has been fully realized and all the Warn-
ings and appeals of Abdul-Baha in the
temples and gatherings of America, have
come to pass. At present, We hope that
all will eng.age in the service of the
Kingdom and Will promulgate Whatever
is the will of God.
"The teachings of His Holiness
are today the spirit of
life, the means of peace and reconcilia-
tion, the cause of amity and union, and
the promoter of the oneness of mankind.
One should engage in such a service."
This afternoon our Indian officer,
Captain Agal Khan of Lahore, Punjab,
who is a devout Mo-slem, keenly inter-
ested in the role that the Cause will
play in the future--a traveler and ob-
server in different regions of the West
as Well as the Far East, a tourist to Spain
and a resident for many years in
Peking, Tientsin, Tokyo and Yokohama,
a scholar of the religious movements in
the East--called on Abdul-Baha carry-
ing With him the article of Abbas Ali of
Rangoon, published in one of the local
Indian papers of Punjab, which he had
translated for Abdul-Baha into English.
The article was a lucid and at the same
time a striking account of the teachings
of the Cause, of the early life, the dec-
laration, the persecution and the martyr-
dom of the Bab and the rise of Blink'-
his early trials, his exile, his
declaration and his amazing power dis-
played in the distant fortress of Acca.
Abdul-Baha entertained for over an
hour this diligent scholar, told him that
under chains and fetters 
propagated his teachings, the mutual ar-
rangements of the rulers of Turkey and
of Persia to quench his Light and the
utter failure of their plans and inten-
tions. Agal Khan was amazed to know
that the remains of the Bab, Who was
shot in Tabriz, Were transferred to this
Holy Mount on the slopes of which, and
not far distant, his tent was pitched
and his camp Was established. reso-
lutely decided to visit the shrine and if
possible to visit the Holy Tomb in Acca.
When he left he told Abdul-Baha that
next time he would bring with him some
of his Indian friends and colleagues Who
expressed their Wish to meet the Be-
loved.
February 9, 1919.
Dear Ahmad:
This morning some Tablets Were re-
vealed to the friends in the United
States of America. One of them, a de-
vout and active soul has Written these
Words to Abdul-Baha: "This humble
maid-servant especially Wishes to ask
thee at this time, concerning the pub-
lication of two indexes which she has
prepared, one to the first eight volumes
of the STAR on THE Wnsr, the other to-
the three volumes of the Tablets of
Abdul-Baha. If this Work does not in-
terfere With carrying out thy instruc-
tion already given, this maid-servant
would like very much to go on and Work
on a complete and scholarly index of all
the Writings. This would take years of
time and the efforts of many individ-
iuals, but this maid-servant might be
able to make a good beginning and she
has been trained in science, mathe-
matics and systematic arrangement, and
has a steadfast longing to be engaged
in this Work."
These are the efforts expended, such
are the views that are being planned
and so untiring are the services ren-
dered. Although the answer to the sup-
plication has not yet been revealed, yet
one thing is sure, that Abdul-Baha will
most deeply appreciate such services and
Will undoubtedly breathe into their life
a new breath that Will sustain them
throughout their activities.
This afternoon being bright and Warm,
Abdul-Baha ascended the mountain and
visited the Tomb of the Bab Where the
friends had assembled for their Weekly
Sunday gatherings, Where he inquired re-
garding the spiritual activities of the S.
P. O. students (Beirut) to which one of

