302 STAR OF
tinguishing the light of hope, blunting
the finer qualities of the soul"?
Applying this trust principal, Abdul-
Baha says that if a man who has not
failed in endeavor fails to raise a crop,
will say he is a farmer--because
of the difficulties of the weather or pests,
so that he and his family are without
means of provision, then that man has
a right to go to the storehouse, i. the
trust fund, in that village and secure
the necessities of life. This is a divine
principle. It may _be, of course, and
frequently is the case, that through pre-
vious savings, accumulated property, or
outside income, etc., one whose income in
a given year falls below necessary out-
go, is enabled to meet his annual deficit.
My understanding is that the right to
necessities from the common storehouse
would not accrue to one in this position,
since no need arises.
The principle of taxation must be here
considered. If a man has only earned
enough to supply the necessities of his
family, then no tax shall be levied
against him. Is it just that We levy a
tax on a man who earns five hundred
dollars a year who needs every cent for
the actual necessities of life, and only
levy the same degree of tax upon a man
whose income is one hundred thousand
dollars"? Again, just what is the duty
of such a needy one to the community
in respect to taxation? Taxation, briefly,
is the charge laid by the sovereign power
upon the property of its subjects. By
its essential nature it is an enforced
contribution for the support of govern-
ment and for all public needs. Under
the common law, there was no liability
of the public authorities to render aid
to the unfortunate class commonly de-
nominated as paupers. Up to recent
times, and the enactment of the Poor
Laws, these wretched ones had no re-
gzourse from their misery and destitu-
tion. Imprisonment for debt, precarious
individual almsgiving, or downright beg-
gary, were their sole guarantees of con-
tinued existence. But statutory enact-
WEST
inents in most of the states now require
assistance to be given such a man, when
applied for and received with a full
knowledge of the nature of the charity.
A man may thus become a pauper in
the legal sense if he accepts aid from
his municipality, even though he is aet-
ually providing partial support for his
family. Such a man in that event be-
comes a pauper. But the aid given him
is not given him as-a matter of right,
and the pricehe pays is the pauper cog-
nomen.
Applying this to the illustration. Our
subject, We will say, has earned
just enough for the bare necessities of
his family and himself. Had his income
been any less, then he must subject his
family to deprivation and consequent
sufiering, turn to friends for temporary
relief, which is usually impossible, or ap-
ply to the public authorities. We have
seen the consequences of this latter step.
It is impossible to exaggerate the loss of
self-respect, the intensity of anguish and
utter humiliation which lays hold upon
a human soul~--we must consider the
average type--obliged even to contem-
plate this step.
We have already seen that under such
deplorable conditions a right is created,
under the trust principal stated, which
would encircle such a family with its
protection. But these considerations are
also important in analyzing the relation
to taxation of the man who has broken
even in income and necessary expenses.
Suppose income was of that
kind. He must necessarily deduct, under
present conditions, the amount of his tax
from his naked necessities. By this levy
the state is not only theoretically but
often actually forcing that family across
the dead-line into the forsaken abode of
pauperism. Unless new credits can be
found, he has no alternative. Whethe1'
or not pauperism results, a deadly blow
has been dealt and the of
that family has been rudely shaken.
This is the industrial and social serfdom
of the age, the cult of the blacksmith

