6 STAR OF THE WEST
employees of the lunch room of the
Great Northern Shipping Dock, Seattle,
to army boys at Fort Wright, Spokane,
in the State Prison, Salt Lake City,
and to Metaphysical, Theosophical and
many other gatherings in halls and
homes, having thus addressed up to Jan-
uary 1, 1919, one hundred and thirty-
three assemblages."
Mr. and Mrs. Killius recently held a
stirring meeting in the Unitarian Church
in Helena, Montana. Mr. Fred Mor-
tensen has been working there telling
the good news to those he met. A paper
in Helena kindly published a fine article
by Miss Jean Masson on "The Bahai
it the Coming Universal
Religion?" Mr. and Mrs. Killius have
been travelling and teaching in Mon-
tana with splendid energy.
Witliout this "superhuman energy,"
as the Master so often tells us, we can-
not lay the foundation of the divine and
universal city. But those who do arise
and go forth into the new regions, God
assists with a perfect glory of confirma-
tion. Doors of opportunity to proclaim
the heavenly glad tidings open as by a
divine hand, radiant faces appear at the
meetings as though sent there by the
angels, the fire of the spirit often de-
scends like ancient Pentecost and the
Glory of God is revealed and many see
it together. Such is the testimony of
the teachers in this most wonderful
springtime of God. The teachers seem
to go to the new city alone; but verily
a cohort of the Supreme Concourse have
gone before them and when they speak
the angels of confirmation stand around
them, give words to the lips, fire to the
heart and victory to the teacher's per-
suasions.
"In the Name of God, the Victor of
the most victorious," cries the Bab,
"proclaim: 'God will help all those who
arise to serve Him! No one is able to
deprive Him of His Majesty, His Do-
minion, His Sovereignty for in the
heaven and the earth and in all the
realms of God He is the Victorious and
the Conqueror.' 
Idea of the League of Nations given by Abdul-Baha in 1875
From "The People 's Forum" in the Montana' Record-Herald, February 18, 1919.
To the Record-Herald:
In your issue of Saturday the 15th
you have an article headed, "Taft is
treading path blazed by French King."
It also stated that "the idea of a League
of Nations peacefully reposed under the
dust of ages until after the great war
broke out; that the league idea was first
broached anew in 1915 by some New
York gentlemen; that Taft was ap-
proached and indorsed it; that the first
public meeting was held June 17, 1915,"
etc.
This is an evident error and the
credit should be given to whom it is
due. The truth is that un-
doubtedly the greatest figure of this
age, over sixty years ago laid down
twelve basic Bahai principles, the eighth
being Universal Peace and the twelfth
an International Tribunal.
more than fifty years
ago addressed epistles to all the kings
and rulers of the earth, calling their
attention to the Will of God, and pre-
dicting in an unmistakable and clear
tone the events and happenings of these
days.
addressed Professor
Browne of Cambridge University, Eng-
land, April 14th, 1890, saying: "These
fruitless strifes and ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace'
shall come. Is 11ot this that which Christ
foretold'! Yet do we see your kings
and rulers lavishing their treasures
more freely on means for the destruc-
tion of the human race than on that
which would conduce to the happiness
of mankind: these strifes and this blood-
shed and discord must cease, and all

