STAR OF THE WEST 67
Unveiling of the Divine Plan for the Northeastern States
First talk by MIRZA AHMAD SOIEIRAB at the Eleventh Annual Mashrekol-Azkar
Convention and Bahai Congress, held in McAlpin Hotel, New
York City, April 26th-30th, 1919.
in the Tablet to the
Pope of Rome says: "Arise in the
Name of thy Lord the Merciful, amidst
the assembly of beings, and take the
Cup of Life in the hand of assurance;
drink thou therefrom first, then give
to drink to those who advance of the
people of different religions."
Dear friends!
It is indeed a great joy to be present
at this great gathering and a blessed
privilege indeed to offer to you the Cup
of Life prepared for you by our Be-
loved Abdul-Baha. So that you may
drink of these Life-giving Words and
then go forth--oifering it to all the rc-
ligionists of the world.
I bring you the greeting and love of
Abdul-Baha and his hope and prayers
for your spiritual adv.ancement and il-
lumination. During the last four years
the Beloved has often spoken of your
faithfulness and sincerity in the Cause,
and of your yearning to serve and teach
and help to further the cause of the
oneness of the world of humanity.
There are many meetings held in this
world. Each having a certain object
in view, that object may be commercial,
educational or economic, but I am sure
that the object of this great Convention
is to draw the hearts nearer together,
to spread the knowledge of Truth, to
uphold the ideals of God, to proclaim
the Revelation of and to
express our devotion and adherence to
the Center of the Covenant, Abdul-
Baha, and carry out his instructions
regarding the building of the Mashre-
kol-Azkar--the Temple, under the dome
of which people of all nations and re-
ligions may Worship God.
I come to you from the East, the land
from the horizon of which all the Suns
of Reality have arisen in the past. The
land which has been the of
His Holiness Abraham, Moses, Jesus
Christ and Mohammed this Day
--the Bab, and Abdul-
Baha.
I bring to you not gifts which
perish after a few years, but the jewels
of the Kingdom of 
universal instructions.
The great events of the last four years
have changed the minds of men, pro-
ducing a mental and spiritual revolu-
tion which cannot be healed without the
power of the Holy Spirit.
Most every one feels that We are to-
day standing on the threshold of an
age of material, intellectual and spirit-
ual regeneration. All the hidden forces
of humanity are being stirred; political,
social and economic principles of the
last two generations are more or less
set at naught and the wise men of every
nation are thinking to reconstruct the
body politic from top to bottom. There
is not a man or woman in the remotest
corners of Asia and Africa who has not
felt the thrill of the coming change,
and the spirit of transformation sweep-
ing all over the world, has brought
about tremendous unrest and upheaval.
This great War and its perfect machin-
ery for the destruction of men and
property have appalled the ideal con-
science of mankind and have made them
realize more than anything else that
War is death, while peace is life; war is
hate, peace is love; war is darkness,
peace is light; war is destructive, peace
is constructive. All the beneficent forces
of society have sprung up through the
interplay of the forces of love, peace
and association, and thus the vision of
a better state of being has taken hold

