268 STAR OF THE WEST
and steadfast in the Covenant and Tes-
tament that the violators who may be
found at thy meeting may not even draw
a breath.
Today the magnet of the confirma-
tions of the divine Kingdom is firmness
in the Covenant .and the Testament and
all else save that is useless talk for by
What can Bahai unity be preserved?
Can it be preserved through the absurd
and useless words of some people? God
forbid. His Holiness Christ, in order
to preserve the unity of Christendom
addressed one word to Peter: "Thou
art Peter, and upon this rock I will
build my church." This word pre-
served the unity of Christendom for
800 years although it was communicated
only orally. But on the other hand the
Kttab-el-Ahcl is not an oral communica-
tion; it is the mark of the Supreme Pen.
It has been revealed in order to preserve
Bahai unity, so that the souls may not
become agitated and perturbed, may not
every day set up for themselves an idol
and establish a new center of authority
and seditious men may not agitate.
Glory be unto God! Notwithstanding
this some thoughtless and ambitious per-
sons desire to turn away through their
meek language and flattery the souls
from the straight path and cause them
to wander aimlessly in the Wilderness
of superstitions. They have their
liberty. On us it is incumbent to state
the truth. Whosoever desires may ac-
cept it, and he who refuses, "Verily,
God is independent of all the world. 
Upon thee be Baha-el-Abha!
(Signed) ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Bahjeh, Acca, Palestine, July 18, 1919.)
MB. AND MRS. SCHEFFLER.
To their honors, Mr. and Mrs. Schef-
fler, Chicago, them be
El-Abha!
He Is God!
ye two firm ones in the Covenant!
Happy are ye that, like unto a blessed
tree, ye have struck roots deeply in the
soil of the Covenant, and are in the ut-
most firmness and steadfastness. If a
thousand winds begin to blow, they
shall not affect ye and such should be
one 's firmness and steadfastness. Other-
wise, if by the diffusion of the offensive
odor of violation, health is converted
into sickness, of what use is existence?
Death and life are alike in that respect.
In short, I pray on your behalf and
beg from the divine Kingdom assistance
and bounty. Rest ye assured that ye
are confirmed souls. Convey to all the
friends my greeting.
Upon ye be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Bahjeh, Acca, Palestine, July 20, 1919.)
MARY LESCH
To the maid-servant of God, Miss Mary
Lesch, Chicago, her be
El-Abha!
Is God!
thou maid-servant of God!
Thy letter was received and its con-
tents indicated firmness in the Cove-
nant. Therefore, the hope is enter-
tained that thou wilt be assisted under
all conditions, for today that which is
most important is firmness in the Cove-
nant and the Testament and otherwise
Bahai unity will not be preserved. If
Bahai unity could be preserved through
something else, undoubtedly the Blessed
Beauty would have commanded it.
In accordance with the 
das, which is the supreme authoiity
and the Kitali-el-Ahd which is the last
book of the Blessed Beauty written by
His supreme pen, all are addressed in
a clear and explicit manner.
First he addresses the Aghsans, then
the Afnans and the relatives .and finally
the rest of the friends and bids them
to turn their faces toward the Center
of the Covenant. And the verses which
have been revealed in the Kitab-el-Alsdas

