STAR OF THE WEST 251
lights of the divine teachings resplen-
dent and hast seen the souls vivified
by the spirit of everlasting life. As
thou wert endowed with the power of
insight, thou hast in this manner dis-
covered Truth. Whoever is firm in the
Covenant and the Testament is today
endowed with a seeing eye, and a re-
sponsive ear and daily advances in the
divine realm until he becomes a heaven-
ly angel.
Convey on, my behalf to the two re-
spected souls, Margaret LaGrange and
Grace Vosburgh, heartfelt sentiments.
I pray God that they may become the
recipients of bounty and the manifes-
tations of limitless favors.
Upon thee be Baha-El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Bahjeh, Acca, Palestine, July 20, 1919.)
A Day in Kenosha
(See illustration in Persian Section.)
SUNDAY morning, August 24th,
many of the friends from Racine,
Chicago and Kenosha, assembled at the
country home of Mr. and Mrs. Bohanan
near the city of Kenosha. The gentle
summer breeze, the spirituality of the
friends, and the quietness of the place,
made the day ideal. At noon a feast was
served on the lawn under the trees. Dur-
ing the afternoon there was a beautiful,
spiritual meeting.
Mr. Bohanan, secretary of the Ke-
nosha Assembly, opened the meeting.
He spoke of the invincible power of
and Abdul-Baha, and the
change that has come to the hearts of
men. Hate, prejudice, and ignorance
are giving place to love, unity, and har-
mony. Short talks were also given by
A. P. Chapman, N. Peterson, and oth-
ers. Zeenat Khanum chanted a beauti-
ful prayer, and Dr. Bagdadi and Mirza
Mahmoud Khan sang one of Abdul-
Baha's favorite Persian poems. Then
the children gave selections from Hidden
Words and prayers which they had
learned in the Sunday School. The first
child 's prayer was beautifully recited by
little Roy Anderson of Kenosha. Dr.
Bagdadi spoke of the importance of
unity and harmony. In this day all
must promulgate the divine teachings
that the world may be freed from the
darkness of ignorance, enmity, and dis-
cord. The teachings of 
and Abdul-Baha are the seeds that bring
forth everlasting fruits. The meeting
closed with a short prayer.
In the evening a public meeting was
held in a hall in Kenosha. Many friends
and strangers were present. Mr. Jacob-
sen of Kenosha was chairman and gave
the Bahai history to the visiting friends.
Dr. Bagdadi of Chicago was the speaker
for the evening. He gave an excellent
address that was much enjoyed by all.
In his address the human body was com-
pared with the body of the World. The
normal health of the body depends upon
the maintenance of the right proportion
of the elements that compose the body.
If certain elements are added or de-
creased abnormally, health becomes im-
paired and death may result. The di-
vine Manifestations are the only spirit-
ual physicians of the human world, and
and Abdul-Baha are the
real physicians of this cycle. BAHA-
found that the chronic ailments
of the human family had been caused
by the increase of such elements as self-
ishness; religious, racial, patriotic, and
political prejudices; old imitations, mis-
understandings; immorality; war prep-
arations for conquest; ignorance; envy,
etc. Therefore, He revealed teachings
and laws in order to eliminate these
deadly elements. The singing of the
Benediction was a fitting close for the
day that we shall ever recall with many
happy memories.
Molly D. Butts.

