STAR OF THE WEST 5
Star of the West! Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shoulolst thou continue to
remain firm and eternal, ere long thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt
spread in every country and clolme. . . 
Then came the great privilege of serving the Cause in publishing the
Addresses of Abdul-Baha during his sojourn in America in 1912.
Nine years of service have been completed. Those who have rendered it
did so in weakness and difficulty, and had not the sustaining power of God pro-
tected and assisted it could not have been accomplished. Those who undertook
this labor of love have lived to see another nine years begin. "Ya~Baha-
el-Abha!"
A new era dawns for the Cause. The doors of the Holy Land are open wide
and Abdul-Baha is flooding the West with the Glorious Light of the Kingdom
through Tablets recently revealed; an ocean of love is submerging the souls,
uniting them with that power which only the Covenant possesses. Soon will
His wondrous words have effect and great will be the results therefrom. We
are happy in presenting many of these Tablets in this issue of the STAR or
THE Wnsr. --The Editors.
The Teaching Campaign
BY ALBERT VAIL
WORD is coming of new journeys
for teaching. Mr. Remey and Mr.
John Basset, Mr. Louis Gregory and
Mr. Roy Williams are all starting for
the Southland to present the divine Glad
Tidings in all the states mentioned in
the Master's great Tablet to the South.
Mr. Stanwood Cobb is starting a new
circle in Annapolis. Mr. R-emey gave
there on February 5th at St. ohn's
(the State University) an illustrated
lecture on the Mashrekol-azkar. The
hall was crowded and great interest was
manifest. Mr. Remey's lectures on
"The Universal Temple of the Future"
are one of the most attractive ways of
presenting to a new community in terms
of concrete beauty the universal glory
of the Bahai Cause.
Mr. Randall and Mrs. Maxwell are
speaking to new centers in the East.
Miss Jack and Mrs. Greenleaf are start-
ing north with the breaking of the
spring into the great Canadian West.
Mr. Vail visited Omaha and Kansas
City in December and is making a
teaching journey into Iowa, Nebraska,
Kansas, Missouri in March and April.
Mrs. Ford has been serving the Cause in
Kansas City this winter and gave a
series of talks to a deeply interested
group of people in Topeka, Kansas.
Mrs. Pamerton is beginning a jour-
ney into Missouri and Kansas and the
Central West.
In the far West Mr. Gunn, Mr. and
Mrs. Killius have been traveling and
teaching.
For two years Mrs. Brittingham has
been giving her time to seed sowing with
beautiful devotion. When asked for
some words concerning her work, she
writes: feel I have never done any-
thing and the page of report must be
empty. Every new year I realize with
deepened awakening my sense of noth-
ingness in trying to advance in that
Path." But she adds: "Since January
1917, I have raised the call of the King-
dom in Arizona, Southern California,
Oregon, Washington, Wyoming, Utah
and very briefly in Reno, Nevada. I
have given the Message in one church
in Arizona and three in California, to

