STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one
in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be
strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these
fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
v01. 10 Jan 1, 75 (April 9, 1919) N0. 2
Tablets of Abdul-Baha recently revealed
AGNES ALEXANDER
To the maid-servant of God, Miss Agnes her be 
El-Abha!
Is God! 
thou daughter of the Kingdom! 
Although your letter has not yet been received, yet we do answer it. Praise
be to God, that in Japan thou hast been assisted in the accomplishment of a
distinguished service. Thou hast raised the Call of the divine Kingdom and
hast led the people to .an illumined World and a heavenly Cause; thou hast
become the cause of enlightenment and the wisher for the education oi human
souls. For those regions are in a sheer need of divine teachings and are endowed
with sufficient capability. Those souls must be emancipated from the obscurity
of blind imitations and be illumined by the light of heavenly instructions. V7110-
ever arises for such a work, divine confirmations shall assist him and the power
of the Kingdom shall be made manifest.
Effort must be exerted that the East and West may be reconciled, that the
darkness of bigotry may vanish, that the unity of mankind may be made mani-
fest and that East and West, like unto two longing souls, may embrace each
other in the utmost of love. For all are the sheep of God and God is the Real
Shepherd and is kind to everyone.
In accordance with the wish of the attracted maid-servant of God to the
love of God, Mrs. Maxwell, go thou to Canada and stay there for a time and
then hasten back to Japan for in Japan you will be assisted and exalted.
Some letters are enclosed for the friends in Japan. Forward them.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, Haifa, Palestine, December 27, 1918.)
TOKUJIRO TORII
To his honor, Mr. Tokujiro Torii, Toyko, Japan. (Care of Miss Agnes Alexan-
der.)
He Is 
thou possessor of a seeing heart!
Although, materially speaking, thou art destitute of the physical sight, yet,
praise be to God, spiritual insight is thy possession. Thy heart seeth and thy
spirit heareth. Bodily sight is subject to a thousand maladies and ultimately

