STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and ('litter-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 10 Ola 1, 75 (March 2, 1920) No. 19
'r 
The grave of Thornton Chase. Inglewood Cemetery, Los Angeles. California
Recent Tablets from Abdul-Baha to American Bahais
MR. AND MRS. BECKETT
To their honors, Mr. and Mrs. Beckett,
Glendale, California--Upon them be
El-Abha!
He Is God!
ye two faithful and assured souls!
The letter was received. Praise be to
God, it imparted good tidings. Califor-
nia is ready for the promulgation of the
teachings of God. My hope is that ye
may strive with heart and soul that the
sweet scent may perfume the nostrils.
Miss Anna Greig, Mrs. Alice Black-
man, Mrs. Katherine Tizzard and Dr.
Ruth Newland were blessed souls and,
praise be to God, they passed away firm
and steadfast. They flew away from a
narrow and gloomy world to a. spacious
and illumined realm. They have been
freed from every pain and affliction
and have attained unto everlasting joy
and gladness.
Convey on my behalf to Mrs. Chase
respectful greeting and say: "Mr. Chase
is in the horizon of Truth a twinkling
star, but at present it is still behind the
clouds; soon shall these be dissipated
and the radiance of that star shall il-
lumine the state of California. Apprec-
iate thou this bounty that thou hast
been his Wife and companion in life."
In short, every year on the anniversary
of the aseensioni' of that blessed soul the
friends must visit his tomb on behalf of
Abdul-Baha and in the utmost lowliness
and humility should with all respect lay
on his grave Wreaths of flowers and spend
all the clay in quiet prayer, While turn-
ing the face toward the Kingdom of
Signs and mentioning and praising the
attributes of that illustrious person.
Those souls who during the war have
served the poor and have been in the
1 
*September 30, 1912.

