STAR OF THE WEST 181
doubts to the contrary,--in station be-
come the dawning place of righteousness,
will attain to the victory over the city
of the hearts, and will confirm and con-
form to the created innateness of his
birthmark, his inseparable possession of
"reality." The clear judgment must
consider the obligation for the fulfill-
ment of these promises. Mankind of
necessity must reach the loftiest destina-
tion, the exalted grade, the supreme sta-
tion--chosen for him by his Creator "in
whose grasp is the kingdom of destiny
and the power of execution." This is the
cycle of that confirmation, the uncom-
promising consummation of the oneness
of the world of humanity.
Look. at these times and seasons.
Years are no longer of equal measure.
A day may mean more than a year and
a flash more than a day. It is not ex-
aggerated to say that anything can take
place in the spiritual life of man today.
Consider for a moment the important
values attached to material speed and
nearness, the physical values of speed
and nearness today. Our God is march-
ing on,--and, the question is where is
humanity, ahead, abreast or in the rear?
That is the most vital question for
whom"! For you, as an individual; for
you as individuals coalesced into the
masses. Our God is marching on.
Where is humanity'? That supreme
guidance which our teachers are look-
ing for, our guides seeking after, our
congressmen yearning for, that Supreme
guidance which in their limitation they
term statesmanship. Statesmanship,
the greatest good for the greatest num-
her. T/Vhat is statesmanship in its
essence, in its final analysis? What is it?
Is it not merely the harmonizing of the
spiritual movement of the age? If that
movement, that spirit, is unknown, is
uninterpreted, unreceived, where can be
the statesmanship, where can be the
eificiency, where can be the standardiza-
tion'! Our God is marching on, while
mankind is standing afar off, aloof, be-
cause our guides have not interpreted
the spiritual movement of this age. The
power and the influence of 
the Bahai Message, in its potency, in its
universality, in its domination, is the ally
of the God that is marching on, the God
that is doing great things. Yes, the
Bahai Message, the power and the influ-
ence of the manifestation
of today, is just this, it is G0d's ways,
G0d's means, whereby humanity can
come abreast with a God that is march-
ing on, with a God who is fulfilling I-Iis
promises, with a God who is completing
His purposes. Therefore, we ask you,
acquaint yourself with its teachings.
Investigate its principles, exchange your
ignorance for its knowledge, your weak-
ness for its strength, your invalidism
for its potency, your blindness for its
illumination. You see that beautiful in-
vention (pointing to a light filter
installed upon the platform)--an unique
thing, a helpful thing, but its sun, its
rays, will not put the gold on the wheat,
the red on the cherry, or the blush on
the peach. It is a mere twilight,--twi-
light even as the twilight of orthodoxy,
the reflection of a sun that is not. The
power and the influence of 
LLAI-I is the full orbed sun of today that
gives to the seasons their quickening and
to mankind his fruitage. There is no
power, no power, save the power and
influence of concreted into
the Bahai Message, the will and the
Word of God; there is no power today
save that power that can bring together
beneath the same tree the hearts and
the minds of the world of humanity.
It is the motive power in all things; it
is the mover of souls; it is the governor
and the controller of the world of hu-
manity. Be ye illumined with the light
of today, don 't put light filters over your
soul and be shaded by the nether gloom
of yesterday.
The power and influence of 
LLAH is the zenith sun of today, the
consummation of all God's relationships,
from way back when the Word was in
the beginning, when the Word was God,

