STAR OF THE WEST 313
morning of the same day, but our ship
was the fastest ship We could get to
Egypt, and then We proceeded. to Haifa
by rail. The railroad in Palestine was
built and is run by the military, there-
fore We required a military permit to
ride on it. Getting this permit required
us to come to Cairo, military head-
quarters. This also took time, so Ed-
11a made good use of every moment
for Sigl1tS6(3ing', as We did not ex-
pect to return to Cairo. Finally ar-
rangements Were perfected for us to
take the train Saturday evening at 6 :15,
and we reached Haifa Sunday morning
about 11 o'c1ock. It was the most diffi-
cult part of the journey, no comforts
whatever on the train, only a bunk to
wrap oneself in a steamer rug and
stretch out for the night. It Was quite
thrilling to find oneself riding through
that territory which Moses led the chil-
dren of Israel through in his journey
from Egypt to the Promised Land.
Our struggles to attain the goal of
reaching Haifa so soon after a world
war, in Which all the countries we passed
through had been vital factors, Were in-
deed great compared to the ease with
which Arna and I had made the journey
twelve years ago, but this very struggle
made the joy of arrival so great that We
Were almost stunned to find ourselves
actually in the presence of Abdul-Baha
and in Haifa.
In one of his talks he has said that it
will be impossible for us to realize his
fatherhood for us while We are in the
body. I think this is in Div/inc Philos-
ophy. Upon reaching Haifa the first
thing was an expression of his divine
fatherhood for his spiritual children.
He had prepared a pilgrim house for the
American Bahais, even hiring a Euro-
pean housemaid (a deaf German Woman
from their colony). One must pass
through the many struggles of travel
through broken down war countries, still
tied up with military red tape, to fully
realize what the joy was first to actually
be in his holy presence again and par-
take of his fatherly care awaiting our

arrival. His Welcome was all the heart
needed to Wipe away every trace of the
struggle, and count every discomfort as
the greatest comfort. Eleven days Were
spent in that Holy Spot. Beginning the
morning by meeting with the holy fam-
ily in Abdul-Baha's living room at 6 :30,
where chanting was done and those far-
famed cups of tea were served, which
seem like veritable draughts of life.
Sometimes We asked Abdul-Baha ques-
tions and sometimes he talked to us with-
out questions. Always was that mar-
velous flow of divine knowledge and wis-
dom. \Ve usually went back to the
American pilgrim house after chatting
with the Greatest Holy Leaf or the Holy
Mother or the daughter of Abdul-Baha.
One 0-f the sweetest things happened
early one morning that I must tell you
about. The daughter, Tubah Khanum,
her husband, Mirza Mohsen, and their
little child, a boy of three years, were in
Beirut when We arrived, but returned in
a day or so. The first morning after
their return, When the little tl1ree-yea1'-
old grandson came into the family gath-
ering, he Went to Abdul-Baha With the
deepest sense of reverence, and picking
up the hem of his garment, which was a
White abba, that morning, he kissed it
and buried his little head in its folds.
It was a picture never to be forgotten.
The act of the child was clearly spon-
taneous, one could see. From the Orient
the Occident must learn the real lesson
of reverence. This is a spiritual qual-
ity she has to impart to us, While on the
other hand the Occident has some quali-
ties to reciprocate--it is give and take--
the two -embracing as two lovers.
A beautiful part of the day was after
We had returned to the pilgrim house
and been served a European breakfast,
and some piece of Work was taken up
which We could do on the front balcony.
Seeing us free they Oriental pilgrims
would co-me on this balcony and visit
with us, and from them We learned much
of the early history of the Cause in Per-
sia, and also the present methods by
which it is being spread. I am bringing

