286 STAR OF THE 
The Manifestation of Divinity through Inspiration
(Continued from page 279)
and if you go into the forest there you
hear the rustling of the giant trees, and
the Wind blowing through their branches
to a sighing tune, and you say to your-
self, if you are a thoughtful man, "Why,
I see all these things, I feel all these
things, I smell the beautiful flowers and
hear the Whispering trees, and I may
even break the branches, but Whence
came they?" Have you never thought
of that"! You must realize that they
come from an invisible idea. In other
words, that they are indeed manifesta-
tions of some perfection, laying hidden
somewhere, and then if you pass away
from the forest and away from the flow-
ers and away from the fields, and into
the cities, and come into the great cathe-
dral and hear the organ playing and
011 all sides of you you see the mighty,
massive columns and the vaulted roof,
the beautiful statuary, you see another
phase of the same thing. There you see
things born of the idea and the brain of
men, something more tangible, perhaps,
than nature. You say to yourself, "Oh,
how beautiful that statuary is! lVhy,
it looks so much like someone I knew,"
as We might say in Boston, like Phillips
Brooks, or like Lincoln or a great pic-
ture of WVashington, or a great statue
that resembles some great saint of the
past ages in the church; and the mighty
organ, which is the idea that embodies
forth the mysteries of music, and you
say to yourself, "There is the mind of
man at Work. What a wonderful idea
that artist had, that genius had, that
great creator, that great architect had,
when he put them forth, and we have
these wonderful results to turn to, all
manifesting the idea lying hidden and
concealed. 
And after awhile perhaps We ask our-
selves, "Now, which is most re.al of all
these things: The manifestation of them
in the concrete forms that we see before
us, or the idea lying behind? And in
this wonderful age When so many things
are transpiring every moment of the
time, when you see giant planes flying
through the air in such a marvelous Way
that seems to take you out of yourself,
when you put your ear to a little instru-
ment and you hear the voice of a friend
you know is thousands of miles away,
you are not satisfied with ordinary ex-
planations, The logic of a simple ex-
planation Will not appeal to your soul.
You say, "The mystery of nature is
too great; the mystery of the mind is
too great. Whe1"e may I go to look for
the explanation for all these things?"
And the only answer, is the divine
prophet of God, a Wonderful picture of
Whom has been portrayed by my beauti-
ful brother, such a valiant Warrior of
God. In that collective center and from
that divine point of energy, each of
us realize that something may flow, that
something may happen, that something
may come to the earth, and the next
question you will ask of yourself, "VVell,
when does he come"? I myself, feel that
I am a manifestation of myself. Am I
a manifestation of this And
so We question ourselves. \Ve go all
about, and some people feeling their own
importance do say they are this center
and do feel that they are God, but I
tell you after they come in contact with
the real thing, they begin to forget all
about it, because We have every evidence
as Bahais that everyone of us, with no
exception, fails at some point, except the
One who is that collective center. In
that collective center We do find per-
fection, We do find the infallible, but
nowhere else. Praise God that it is so.
How fortunate that we have some stand-
ard of knowledge that will give us a
realization of the truth and the answer
to our question.
But let us go on. Take that for

