Z14 STAR OF
to the people, another great epoch in the
seed-sowing was unfolded.
When We look back upon such periods
in the world we realize their greatness.
We understand their sublime signific-
ance, and yet we here gathered are living
in a period so infinitely greater and
more wonderful that we are dazzled by
the brightness of the light so that we
cannot see. Those Israelitish people ful-
filled their covenant and were led away
and found the Promised Land of God
and then, after a period of time came
the Beloved One, the Son of God, Jesus
Christ, and gathered around him a little
group of souls and illumined them, edu-
cated them, taught them and prepared
them for the great seed-sowing of that
Christian era, After their Beloved One
had ascended to the supreme realm and
they Were left alone on earth Without
him they went to the mountain top and
renounced all that they had in this
world. They gave up their homes, their
families, their possessions, all that was
near and dear to them on this 
plane of existence, and they dedicated
themselves utterly to the servitude of
Jesus Christ, to their Lord and their
Master, to go forth and to be the torch
bearers to the world of humanity. They
were the seed of God in the world. Their
seed and their children's seed spread
and enveloped the world until today
the great Christian dispensation that was
sown by these early disciples has envel-
oped a great part of the world.
In what a day are we living, in what
an age are we"! We have the privilege
today that those disciples had, but not
after the departure of our Beloved, but
while he is still in our midst. He is
calling us to ascend to the mountain top,
to sacrifice and renunciation, to give up
all in life, because has said
in this day let no one come to me unless
he have his head in his hand. Abdul-
Baha is calling us again; he has for
twenty years been calling this nation.
We have been partially asleep and par-
tially deaf and partially blind, but HOW
THE WEST
we are awakened and because in his in-
finite bounty he has created a new spirit-
ual springtime. God through the great
laws of evolution has permitted the
world to be harrowed and furrowed by
war and sorrow and calamity until it
is prepared; the soil of human hearts is
prepared for the eternal seed of life,
the seed of the love of the adored Be-
loved One. And now Abdul-Baha has
sent this seed to us, the potentiality, the
mystery of a seed which shall unfold
throughout ages, and cycles and genera-
tions to millions and millions of human
beings.
What is that seed to be? Are we not
ourselves that seed? Must we not be Of
that pure essence that wherever we go
and become implanted in that place even
temporarily We impart the life of God,
the life of the Covenant to the people
of the world'? This is the seed of life.
See the whirlwind that the world has
reaped in this day because they have
sown their tares! Mankind has sown in
selfishness, darkness, ignorance and
greed, and now today it is reaping this
terrible whirlwind of the flood of infinite
calamities; but now Abdul-Baha is call-
ing us to sow the seed of truth, of love,
of light, of justice, of righteousness, and
eternal unfathomable peace, that shall
envelop all mankind for hundreds of
thousands of years.
We must all realize that never from
the beginning of the world until now
was such a moment offered to any peo-
ple. We are truly standing in that
"eleventh hour," promised from the
foundation of the world. You remember
in the Book of Daniel it says that at
the time of the end, "they that be wise
shall shine as the brightness of the firma-
ment, and they who turn many to
righteousness as the stars for ever and
ever." And this is that hour of con-
summation in which we are gathered.
Everyone of us is blest beyond all the
inhabitants of the earth because we have
the privilege to be in the presence of
the most sublime creati-ve Word of God

