STAR OF THE TVEST 283
SECOND TABLET
To the Assemblies and Meetings of the believers of God and the maid-servants
of the Merciful in the United States and Canada--Upon them be 
El-Abha!
He Is God!
ye heavenly souls, sons and daughters of the Kingdom!
God says in the Koran: "Take ye hold of the Cord of God, all of you, and
become ye not disunited."
In, the contingent world there are many collective centers which are conducive
to the association and unity between the children of men. For example,
patriotism is a collective center, nationalism is a collective center, identity of
interests is a collective center, political alliance is a collective center, the union
of ideals is a collective center, and the prosperity of the world of humanity is
dependent upon the organization and promotion of the collective centers.
Nevertheless, all the above institutions are in reality the matter and not the
substance, accidental and not eternal, temporary and not everlasting. Vilith the
appearance of great revolutions and upheavals, all these collective centers are
swept away. But the Collective Center of the Kingdom, embodying the institutes
and divine Teachings, is the eternal Collective Center. It establishes relation_
ship between the East and the West, organizes the oneness of the world of
humanity, and destroys the foundation of differences. It overcomes and includes
all the other collective centers. Like unto the ray of the sun, it dispels entirely
the darkness, encompassing all the regions, bestows ideal life, and causes the
effulgence of divine illumination. Through the breaths of the Holy Spirit it
performs miracles, the Orient and the Occident embrace each other, the North
and South become intimates and associates, conflicting and contending opinions
disappear, antagonistic aims are brushed aside, the law of the struggle for
existence is abrogated, and the canopy of the oneness of the world of humanity
is raised on the apex of the globe. casting its shade over all the races of men.
Consequently, the real collective center is the body of the divine Teachings,
which include all the degrees and embrace all the universal relations and neces-
sary laws of humanity.
Consider: The people of the East and the West were in the utmost strange-
ness. Now to what a high degree they are acquainted with each other and
united together! I-low far are the inhabitants of Persia from the remotest
countries of America! And now observe how great has been the influence of
the heavenly power, for the distance of thousands of miles has become identical
with one step! How various nations that have had no relations or similarity
with each other are now united and agreed through this divine potency! Indeed
to God belongs power in the past and in the future! And, verily, God is power-
ful over all things!
Consider: When the rain, the heat, the sun and the gentle co-operate
with each other, what beautiful gardens are produced! How the various kinds
of hyacinths, flowers, trees and plants associate with each other and are c011-
ducive to the adornment and charm of one another! Hence the oneness of the
bounty of the sun, the oneness of rain and the oneness of the breeze, have, so

