58 STAR OF THE WEST
prevail. The Bahai teachings reveal
the means of tranquillity for each and
all. The league of nations for which
the statesmen are now striving, was pro-
vided for i11 the Book of the Manifesta-
tion sixty years ago. In his Wonderful
Tablets to the President of the United
States and to the Emperor of Germany,
he overturned slavery and oppression.
Abdul-Baha has praised President Wil-
are happy to be again in communication
with Abdul-Baha after years of separa-
tion. Through the confirmations of the
Center of the Covenant the teachings
are to go to all parts of the world. He
has shown us how he values deeds."
Rev. Percy Stickney Grant, rector of
the Church of the Ascension, the first
among the churches to welcome Abdul-
Baha upon his arrival in America, was
FOURTH SESSION BAHAI CONGRESS i
8 o'clock P. M., Monday April 28th
Chairman
Hoaacn HOLLEY, New York
Onom Pnnwon
WILLIs ALLING
The Heavenly Irrigator appeared 70 years ago in Persia and taught Hi! disciples
I how tn flood the dry field! of the Through His knowledge and Inspiration
they were enabled to trans-Form the waste deserts of the_minds and souls into the .
luxuriant gardens in which the rivers of light are flowing from the inaccessible
Mountains of God.
Learn ye.' sevuname hem your Universal Teacher, Baha'o'lla.h, who was not .
disheartenedllary any obstacle from irrigating the hearts of humanity. Kings and
. . nations arose against and banished Hign to distant lands and countries.
i Nevertheless,' whenever Igrentereda new place, fearlessly He occnpied_His Liane in
the spiritual irrigation and the sowing of the seeds of knowledge and wisdom In the
prepared fields of the Spi.rit.--AbduI Balm Abbas.
DR. Fnnomucx W. D'EvnLv1v, San Francisco.
"The Power of the Influence of 
For ev head they must make a hmvenly crown of self-sacrifice: for every
necl: a studded with the scintillating jewels of humi1ity;_ for every ear
an earring of Truth and obeufienoe; for every hand a bracelet of service,
nd for every finger a ring of sympathy; so that the wonders and beauty oi the
jzorld of the Kingdom may encircle the Balm Abbas.
Mus. MARY HANFORD Fonn
"To Live the Life"
"Song ol'Faith.C'haminade
Rum Wanna RANDALL,
AHMAD Sonnan
"Unveilingwf the, Divine Plan 
Tablet No. 1 and Tablet No. 2 to the Western States,
revealed by Abdul Babe.
Hank
Unveiling of Tablets
MISS Lemons: PownL1..--MIss JUANITA S-roncn
Chairman 
Reading of Commune appearing at the end of the Tablet
Mmza Amuan Somme
Chanting of Commune in Persian
FIFTH SESSION BAHAI CONGRESS
8 o'clock P. Monday, April 28th
Chairman
Gnacn OBER. Cambridge, Mass.
Oscar: 
WILLIS Ammo 
The Bounties ol God are not monopolized, the Favors of the Lord are not |ou.l- i
ind. The doors ol the Kingdom of Abba arc open to all. In the religion of the
Blessed Perfection there are no Brahman: and Pnrinhs. His Graces are all encom-
passing, all-inclusive. Only let the hearts be pure, the rays of the Sun of Reality
Iv ill reflect therein, be he black or white, rell or yellow.--Abdu| Balm Abbot-
Unnam Lnooux
"The Oneness of the World of Humanity 

Do ye not look upon the smallness of your number and the multitudes Ol the nA- 
tions. Five grains oi wheat will be rndued with heavenly blessing. whereas a
thousand tons of tares will yield no results or efieet. One fruitful tree will be con- .
dueive to the life of society, whereas a thousand forests of wild trees ofler no fruits.
The plain ia covered with pebbles. but precious stones are rare. One pearl is better
than a thousand wildernesses of sand; especially this Pearl of Great Price. which is
endowed with Divine Blessing. Ere long thousands of other pearls will be born
from It. When that Pearl associates and becomes the intimate of the pebhlu. they .
also all change into Ahbcu. 

'l
MAY ltiaxwnu.
"The Seed Sowing of the Agestrying to serve
humanity.
Mr. Topakyan, acting Consul General
for Persia, expressed deep reverence fo-r
Abdul-Ba-ha whom he referred to as
"our beloved Master." He hoped God
would sustain his every effort to spread
teachings fraught with so much good to
humanity. Such teachings are the real
property of all peoples.
Mr. Charles Mason Remey responding,
said, "Our noblest emotions are too deep
for speech. It is difficult to voice what
the friends from all parts of the country
who have assembled here 110w feel. We

the next speaker. He said his church
had been greatly blessed in having such
a teacher and servant as Abdul-Baha.
If the church stands for anything, it
should be love and peace. Certainly We
ought always welcome any reinforce-
ments. We a.re of one kin. The world
needs spiritual outlook. Therefore the
Bahai Movement has a work to do and
a place to fill. lntrospection and com-
munion marked its beginning in a gar-
den. But it could not stay in a garden.
It became the religion of a prison. The
outcome of religion is to carry the spirit
of the garden to the life of a crowd.

