STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 10 Eizzat 1, 75 (September 8, 1919) No. 10
Declares Zionists Must Work with Other Races
Leader of Bahaism believes Neutral Government Like British Is Best for Pales-
tine at Present--Says His Father Advocated League Half Century Ago.
BY MARION 
(From the Globe and Commercial Advert/iser, New York, July 17, 1919).
HILE the league of nations is
hailed or attacked here as a Wil-
sonian project, out in Palestine is a re-
ligious leader who claims it first saw
the light in the writings of his father,
fifty years ago. He is Abdul-Baha, the
son and successor of foun-
der of the modern cult, Bahaisn1.*
Abdul-Baha, or Abbas Effendi, as he
is Widely known in the Near East,
counts hundreds of followers in Amer-
ica. He made a tour here in 1912,
preaching his doctrine of universal love
in churches and halls from coast to coast.
Born in Persia in 1844, he Went to Acca
as a young man. He was imprisoned by
-the Turks for his teachings, but was re-
leased in 1908, the year of the new
Ottoman constitution.
Interested in orlol League.
I met Abdul-Baha lately in his home
in Haifa. He has many friends among
the British, including General Ronald
Storrs, military governor of Jerusalem,
and it was a British officer who took me
to him. His influence is considerable in
it Bahais understand the Word of God again was
"made flesh and dwelt among us" in the appearance
of Miss Weinstein, not being
acquainted with this fact, looks upon the Bahai
Movement as a cult Editors.
the Holy Land, but it is almost impos-
sible to reduce it to actual numbers. I
went to him curious as to his views of
the future of Palestine, but he seemed
more eager to talk of a matter of world
league of nations.
He spoke in Persian, a well trained
secretary interpreting his low, soft
words in good English. Through the
open windows of the large sunny salon
of his modern house came the trill of
songbirds in the Effendi's lovely garden.
In white galabieh and turban, he fitted
into the summery scene, his voice falling
on the silence like a Woodland echo. An
ancient, venerable patriarch he seemed,
With his snowy beard, a kindly patri-
arch, but with little of the Biblical fire.
Tells of Fa-ther's Plan.
"Fifty years ago," he began, 
wrote that there must be a
league of nations to establish universal
peace. He worked his idea out on prac-
tical lines, too. He said every nation
must choose representatives, approved
by the senate, the cabinet and the ruler
of the country. They were to meet to
found a universal peace congress to be
forever a world court of arbitration.
saw even then, half a

