34 STAR OF THE WEST
vision of the seer, who so unerringly
could prophesy world events?
Fifty years ago his father before him,
the great out of a prison
in the Holy Land, sent letters to the
kings of Europe, calling upon them to
establish universal peace and righteous-
ness among men. He warned them of
approaching calamity. He predicted
the downfall of Napoleon then at
the zenith of his power; of the emperor
of Austria; of the sultan of Turkey.
To the emperor of Germany he wrote:
banks of the river R-hine! We
have seen you drenched in gore, because
the swords of retribution were drawn
against you; and ye shall have another
trouble. And we hear the lamentation
of Berlin, though it be today in manifest
g1Ory_n
Neither England, nor Russia, nor
Persia, nor America was ignored by the
prophetic and mandatory pen of 

To England he wrote through
England 's queen, Victoria: 
"Verily, we see you increasing your
expenditures every year and placing the
burden thereof upon your subjects.
This is naught but manifest injustice.
Fear the sighs of the oppressed and his
tears and do not burden your subjects
above that which they can bear, neither
ruin them to build your palaces. Choose
for them that which ye choose for your-
selves. Thus do we expound unto you
that which will profit you, if ye are of
those who enquire. They are your
treasurers. Beware lest ye exercise
over them that which God hath never
done, and entrust such treasuries into
the hands of thieves. By them ye eat,
rule and conquer, and still you make
yourselves great against them. Verily,
this is naught but an astonishment . . . .
. .
assembly of rulers! Improve the
accordance among you; then you will
need neither many soldiers, nor their
accoutrements, but to a certain degree,
whereby ye will protect your empires
and countries."
To America this authoritative pen
wrote:
"Assist with the hands of justice the
broken-hearted (oppressed) and crush
the great oppressors with the scourges
of the commands of your Lord, the
powerful, the wise."
And the rulers--some~ of them re-
sponded to and some of
them have fallen, in unerring fulfilment,
of the utterances of 

and Abdul-Bahai
You will hear their names around
the World today, if your ear is sensitive
to spiritual verities. To know them you
must first know the Bahai Movement,
of which they and the great Bab are the
central vivid figures.
And you cannot investigate the Bahai
Movement without immediate associa-
tion with the Mashrekol-azkar, the great
Bahai temple, that shall rival in beauty
and perfection all other temples of his-
torical import.
Recently there has been on exhibition
at the National Museum in Washington
a series of architectural designs of the
Mashrekol-azkar, executed by Charles
Mason Remey.
Other architects from the east and
middle West, from Canada, have sub-
mitted designs embodying their concep-
tion of this great institution, the Mash-
institution unparalleled
in religious and architectural history.
An institution that commands the at-
tention of noted American architects;
that has inspired one of them to make
nine different studies of the same sub-
ject; an institution known in the orient
as well as the occident; that shall take
visible material form on Lake Michigan,
in the very heart of the continent--the
is its signifi-
cance? VVhat does it mean today to a
world searching, searching as never be-

