STAR OF THE 129
to be augmented by two four to represent the other sections. The
following friends were invited by word and telegram to become ineinbers of this
foundatioll subject, of course, to the approval of Abdul-Baha and the ratifica-
tion of their respective sections: N0rt7zca-stern States, Hooper Harris; S'ou-thicwt
States, Joseph H. Hannen; C'c-ntral States, Albert Vail, Carl Scheffler; l'Veste9'02
States, Helen S. Goodall; Domri-n-zlon of Canada, May Maxwell; Ed-t't0rvIaZ- Staff,
Albert R-. \Vindust, Gertrude Buikema, Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi; one-ra-ry Mean-b er,
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab. A stirring appeal from "Mother" Beecher (see follow-
ing editorial) was read. The delegates from Michigan were the first to
respond. The Convention endorsed the suggestions,
The Words of Abdul-Baha. quoted from of the Drviac Plan, pub-
lished on the- first page of this issue, is an invitation to all to prepare such
articles as Abdul-Baha desires. Those who have photographs of interest, data of
value, historical facts, etc., are invited to send them in. Limitations of space may
withliold their publication for a time.
One word more: In addition to the bounty revealed for the STAR on THE
Vilnsr in the General Tablets, Abdul-Baha has caused the treasury of the King-
dom to descend through an appeal to all the Bahais of Persia (see page 131.)
to subscribe for "this growing magazine only for service to the Cause of God."
Many emotions sweep over us as We read it. It would seem that the first phase
of its development has been completed, namely, "although for the present thy
subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice Weak, yet shouldst thou
stand unshakable" (see Tablet in editorial heading) -, that We have entered upon
the next phase, namely, "become the object of the attention of the friends and
the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the
that, in due time, the reinaining' promise will become manifest.
~Tlte Editors.
Edict from Abdul-Baha
BY ("Morena") E. V. 
Many times the STAR or THE has been pronounced the official organ
of the Bahai Cause by Abdul-Baha, and each decree comes With added force and
authority as one of the ordinances of the latter day dispensation.
If a decree should be sent forth by an potentate it must be enforced
at any cost. Such an appointment would be respected by all of his subjects and
every effort put forth to honor his royalty by perfect obedience and acquiescence
with the command.
Have We,  the followers of Abdul-Baha, fully realized the fact that he is
the Cc-nter on the earth today to which We are expected to turn for light and
guidance 
Again, have we considered the import of that wonderful paragraph at the
top of the editorial page of our little magazine which stands there as an ensign,

