STAR OF THE VVEST 117
group or species in any of the kingdoms,
we find no two alike. Among all the
grains of sand no two alike, no two
blades of grass alike, no two shrubs or
trees alike, no two animals alike, no two
human beings alike.
Observe also the varying degrees in
addition to the diversity in every king-
dom. In the mineral kingdom, from the
dull grain of sand to the sparkling
diamond; i11 the vegetable kingdom, from
the lowly blade of grass to the tall
cedar; in the animal kingdom. from the
weakest creeping thing to the strong
lion, and in the human kingdom we find
all the degrees from the humble peasant
to the powerful king, wise philosopher,
or diplomatic statesman.
There is another plane, a higher king-
dom, to which the Bahais direct particu-
lar attention. It is the sztper-naturalf
plane or divine Kingdom. This plane
becomes manifest through a supernatural
type of men who make known or reveal
in their lives and words this higher
Kingdom. History recognizes them as
prophets. Manifestations of God, the
Bahais term the highest of such men.
Their force or power, they say, is of the
Holy Spirit and they come to lead man-
kind from a material outlook upon life
unto a spiritual outlook. They come as
guides, as teachers to lift men up from
the natural to the supernatural, from
the human to the divine. Such men
were Moses, Jesus Christ, Mohammed,

History shows that they manifested
an attractive force a power which drew
men and women to them while in the
body and after leaving it, which was
above racial, political, philosophical and
commercial interests.
Consider: Moses, a humble man,
meek, after years of exile in the wilder-
ness of Canaan, returning to Egypt,
Note~Abdul-Baha even terms the in-
ventive faculty supernatural because
inventions make it possible for men to
overcome the 
leading and teaching the slaves of the
Egyptians in such a manner, with such
force that within a few centuries they
became the dominant spiritual civili-
zation of the world a11d the philosophers
of Greece and Home went to sit at the
feet of the Hebrew sages to learn from
them.
Christ: His influence we are all
familiar with. Consider how he changed
civilization after his advent; for through
his teachings he united Romans, Greeks,
Chaldeans, Assyrians and finally Euro-
peans and Americans, revealing more
than any previous Manifestation the
power of the Holy Spirit-the mysteri-
ous force of civilization.
Mohammed, six hundred years after
Christ, astounded the world with this
wondrous force. Consider a people who
were surrounded by the civilizations of
Egypt and Palestine, and near to Greece
and Rome--wild tribes roving the plain
of Arabia untouched by these civiliza-
ti0ns--changed in a few hundred years to
become the wonder of history; even
the Christians of Europe sending their
sons and daughters to Mohammedan uni-
versities in Spain to be educated by
those who but a few generations before
were the wild tribesmen of the desert!
This is indeed the mysterious force
of civilization.
But even these supernatural or divine
civilizations arose and fell as well as the
natural or racial and political civiliza-
tions of old. The Jews fell away from
the teachings of Moses into such a con-
dition that at the time of the appearance
of Christ they were ruled by Rome, and
soon after were scattered over the world.
Mohammedanism today has degenerated
from what it was, and the Christian
world is witnessing the fall of its civili-
zation through the great war and the
attending horrors in Europe.
Students of the sacred Books recog-
nize that up to the time of the fall of
Jerusalem it was the "Jewish age"
and from the scattering of the Jews

