68 STAR OF
of the minds of men all over the World,
without exception. They long and pray
for a more national religion, they work
for a higher standard of truth, they
pray for a nobler state of existence,
they aspire toward a loftier plane of
consciousness, and they dream of the
perfections of humanity. They aim to
eliminate the poverty of body and soul,
and through the laws of a social religion
recover the lost vision of beauty and
lovethis divine optimism, this dream
of the perfectibility of mankind, that
characterizes more than anything the
Bahai Movement. It is the dynamic
spirit of the age, the up-rushing breeze
of the Garden of Truth, the ideal pic-
ture of the oneness of humanity, that
inspires our hearts and swells our
breasts with bright hopes and eager ex-
pectations to behold the countenance of
brotherhood, to unfurl the banner of in-
ternational solidarity and to co-operate
for the realization and perfection of a
League of Nations based upon justice
and righteousness. Our great spiritual
leader, Abdul-Baha, has been teaching
and upholding these universal principles
all through his life and has shown in
his daily life and deeds that it is pos-
sible for men to live with their neigh-
bors peacefully and without quarreling,
and it is also possible to manifest the
divine life in our material world, suffer-
ing it to become the prototype of the
heavenly realm. I believe that from
every standpoint Abdul-Baha is por-
traying to us the ideal perfections of
God and humanity, and therefore his in-
structions are all based upon spiritual
wisdom and celestial sagacity. What-
ever he says-or writes is for the good of
humanity and the progress of social and
divine order.
During the last few years, while the
war was raging all over the earth and
the doors of communication were closed
with the outside world, Abdul-Baha
was not only praying for the friends of
THE WEST
God and suffering humanity, but he was
also drawing a wonderful Plan, a great
Law, a Bill of Rights for the spiritual
guidance and regeneration of the world.
When the thunder-cloud of war broke
over our heads in Palestine and the
wheels of social and religious activities
became clogged, Abdul-Baha divided
his time between Haifa, Acca, Bahjee,
Tiberias and Adasyah. Often for
months he would stop in a11 adjoining
building in the sacred Tomb of 
. . . .
It was during the months of March
and April of 1916 that I had the great-
est joy of my live with Abdul-
Baha in Bahjee. I may claim without
grave apprehension of contradiction
that in the future those two months will
be considered as the most significant,
the most fruitful months in the Bahai
history, and this, our Convention, as
the most constructive Convention ever
held in America.
The life of Abdul-Baha in Bahjee
during those two months was not only
prayerful and calm as the surface of a
pure river but active and earnest, full
of life and beauty; the highest ideals of
the Kingdom, like jewels, were falling
from his lips; the garden of his heart
was adorned, as it is always adorned,
with the imperishable roses of Truth
and the Elysian field of his mind was
begemmed with violets of spiritual emo-
tions and hyacinths of divine wisdom.
On Monday morning, March 26, 1916,
he was sitting peacefully in his room in
Bahjee, now and then looking out of
the window over the olive grove, beyond
the sea and far it seemed into the in-
finitude. Suddenly he turned his won-
derful, penetrating eyes upon me and
asked me to chant one of the prayers
of As I continued my
chant I felt a strange consciousness
coming over me-a realization of my
unworthiness in being permitted to live
so long and so near the divine presence
of Abdul-Baha. When I finished the

