STAR OF THE WEST 303
applied to the delicate mechanism of
the human soul.
Now, it is proved that taxes are lev-
ied, among other objects, for "all pub-
lic needs." Even at present, a portion
of the tax levy in the town of 
we will say, is used in the care of pau-
pers. This, then, even under the exist-
ing laws, is one of the "public needs"
for which t-he taxing power is exercised.
It follows that having been driven
another step down the ladder by rea-
son of the enforced contribution of the
tax, and compelled thereby to apply for
and accept public aid, has to a certain
definite extent been proceeding in a cir-
cle. He has to the extent of the tax
paid thrown the scales of income and
outgo against him, and now to that ex-
tent again he restores the balance by
receiving from the community, this time
as a pauper, the amount necessary to
complete his necessities, which, theoreti-
cally, is the exact sum he was taxed.
This, of course, is a technical example,
but it illustrates the principle and to
a greater or less degree may be found
in operation among the masses of hu-
manity. In this connection, one Well
known axiom of our English law is that
nothing need be done which must, in
the nature of things, be immediately
reversed. Merely circuitous action is
or should be as absurd and unnecessary
in the case of taxation, as in other social
adjustments. A fortiori, When, as a
consequence, degraded status results.
So the divine justice, Whose voice is
now heard in the world, is rending asun-
der our so-called human justice, ex-
posing its Weakness, remedying its in-
equalities. Pauperism must succumb to
the sanction of right. The beneficiary
of a trust possesses something he can
claim without humiliation or shame.
That same self-respect, which he there-
by retains and fosters, serves a two-fold
purpose as his protector against his in-
voking that right Without a sound rea-
son. To apply this concretely is the
crying need of the hour. The order of
the World will be thus promoted, revo-
lutionary and desperate demands set
aside, force and violence seen to be a
satanic instrumentality, and the great
law of unity and co-operation enthroned
in the hearts of rich and poor alike.
The differentiation of capacities in in-
dividuals is preserved, fruitless attempts
to level humanity to mean averages are
rebuked, and the respective functions of
the body politic are witnessed as di-
vinely bestowed. Since it is the func-
tion of the to see, and any means
of impairment of that vision is a men-
ace to the welfare of the whole body, so
it is understood that those men and
Women who, in the community, corre-
spond to that function must be encour-
aged to fullest activity, 11ot hampered
and made ineffective by the jealousy
and ignorance of the other branches of
the body politic. Under this law, such
men and women become in truth ser-
vants of the Whole body", Under this
law, they must, and gladly will, render
their full measure of obligation to the
needs of the needy. They are them-
selves equally bound with all others, by
the necessities of the trust principal.
as outlined.
Similarly, the function or capacity of
these individuals corresponding to other
organs and parts of the body of the
race, must be unimpaired. There must
be freedom also in this. What restrain-
ing force is necessary has been provided
for, as has been seen. Because a given
capacity is apparently less brilliant, less
compelling than another does not make
it inferior or less important. The skin
and the nails, the bones and the joints
of society are a part of the body, and
without them health is impossible. Up
to now, these and other important func-
tions have been degraded, unjustly op-
pressed and diseased, whereas in reality
they are of the noblest of capacities.
Hence, the\present outcry of labor, the
anguished protests of the poor. We
must consequently realize that the hap-
piness of each depends upon its full co-

