86 STAR OF THE WEST
the divine call the duty and privilege
of serving God. She embraced the op-
portunity to serve her country, to exalt
her fellow creatures, especially to help
those in the sphere of women, who in
that country were for the most part in
a most benighted condition, owing to
the prevalence of superstition and the
Want of elevation and knowledge. And
because she heard this voice and at the
call of her Lord arose to teach and
guide the people, we find that her fame
is spreading throughout the world. Al-
though she lived and wrought in the
Orient, her traces now appear in the
Occident. Whenever the cause of free-
dom for women is advanced we find
traces of this illustrious woman who
answered the call of her Lord and sac-
rificed her life for the freedom of hu-
manity. The power of the great Bab
was demonstrated in the training lof
this soul by the power of the Holy
Spirit. But he trained not only one,
but many thousands. was not only
the herald of the new day but the di-
vine Messenger, the First Point of Reve-
lation. He upturned the soil and plant-
ed the seeds of God. He opened wide
the gate for the appearance of God Him-
self in His greatest Manifestation to
all the created beings.
The Bab finished his work and the
splendor of arose like a
brilliant sun enlightening the world.
And again the spiritual power was
proved upon a more magnificent plane
than men have ever known. The
spiritual power and the divine teach-
ings of this Manifestation brighten the
mind and gladden the heart. Not only
do they lend themselves to the peculiar
needs of the individual, unfolding the
divine plan for each of His children,
but they are conducive to the needs of
the world of humanity, unfolding those
universal principles which enlighten,
vivify and regenerate the world.
It is related that in the time of
there was a boy in Persia
who was not noted for his wit or intelli-
gence and yet within him was a soul
which responded to the universal call.
Thus he became one of the chosen and
was entrusted by with a
difficult and perilous mission. At the
appearance of the Manifestation of God
it is necessary that the people shall
know. It is the divine wisdom that the
kings and rulers of the people shall be
informed of so marvelous an event. As
an instrument for carrying the Tablet
of to the ruling power of
Persia, the mighty Shah, surrounded by
his great soldiers and his elegant and
dignified court, this simple, humble boy
was selected. We know the human limi-
tations of this boy. But what happen-
ed to him, the mighty transformation
that was wrought when he was entrusted
with this wonderful mission, is told by
in the Tablet of Badi. He
was called into the holy presence of
and such a power was
breathed upon him that he would have
overcome the Supreme Concourse! Then
he was no longer Badi the ignorant.
Then he became Badi the wonderful!
Badi the mighty! Then he became a
new creation, because his heart was il-
lumined by the Spirit of Truth, the Word
of God, the Light of Guidance. He felt
the vibrations of that mighty love, the
presence of God standing within him,
"powerful, mighty and supreme!" His
mission was executed in a way that will
compel admiration as long as men pay a
tribute to virtue and fidelity. And
again, through this spiritual outpouring
scientific discoveries were increased and
spiritual sacrifices were multiplied as
the earth became more and more il-
lumined by the face of Cod.
Now again that great power, the su-
preme W'ord, the manifest light goes
forth to heal the nations and quicken
the dead. This time it descends upon
the created beings from the Center of
the Covenant of God. 
speaking of Abdul-Baha, the Center of
the Covenant of God, says, "He is the
east of my Cause, the shining-place of

