STAR OF THE WEST 229
is possible, send ye teachers to other portions of Canada, likewise dispatch ye
teachers to Greenland and the home of the Eskimos.
As regards the teachers, they must completely divest themselves from
the old garments and be invested with a new garment. According to the state-
ment of Christ, they must attain to the station of rebirth ;--that is, whereas in
the first instance they were born from the womb of the mother, this time they
must be born from the womb of the world of nature. Just as they are now
totally unaware of the experiences of the foetal world, they must also forget
entirely the defects of the world of nature. They must be baptized with the
water of Life, the fire of the love of God and the breaths of the Holy Spirit;
be satisfied with little food, but take a large portion from the heavenly table.
They must disengage themselves from temptation and covetousness, and be
filled with the Spirit. Through the effect of their pure breath, they must change
the st-one into the brilliant ruby and the shell into pearl. Like unto the cloud
of vernal shower, they must transform the black soil into the rose-garden and
orchard. They must make the blind seeing, the deaf hearing, the extinguished
one enkindled and set aglow, and the dead quickened.
Upon ye be El-Abha!
The spreaders of the fragrances of God should peruse every morning the
following supplication:
GOMMUNE
Praise be to Thee, God! Verily these are Thy servants, who are
attracted by the fragrances of Thy mercifulness, enkindled by the ignited
fire in the tree of Thy Singleness and their eyes are brightened by beholding
the effulgences of the light in the Sinai of Thy Oneness!
Lord! Loosen their tongues in Thy commemoration amongst Thy peo-
ple; suifer them to speak Thy praise through Thy favor and grace, assist them
with the cohorts of Thy angels, strengthen their loins in Thy service and make
them the signs of Thy guidance amongst Thy creatures!
Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Exalted, the Pardoner and the Merciful!
God! God! Thou beholdest this weak one begging the strength of
Thy Kingdom! This poor one supplicating the treasures of Thy heaven! This
thirsty one longing for Thy fountain of the water of Eternal Life! This sick
one invoking Thy perfect recovery through Thy boundless mercy, which Thou
hast especialized for Thy chosen servants in Thy Supreme Kingdom!
Lord! I have no other helper save Thee; no other comforter beside
Thee, and no other sustainer except Thee! Assist me with Thy angels in the
diffusion of Thy holy fragrances and the dissemination of Thy teachings
amongst Thy elected people!
Lord! Suffer me to sever myself from aught else save Thee, holding
fast to the hem of Thy garment; make me sincere in Thy religion, firm in
Thy love and living in accordance with that which Thou hast commanded me
in Thy Book.
Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty and the Omnipotent!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAs.
(Translated by l\/lirza Ahmad Sohrab, April 3, 1919, \Vashingt011, D. C.)

