STAR OF THE WEST Z03
joking manner. Then he said: "Why
didst thou not tell me about these Won-
derful things when We Were traveling
in America? Now that we are living
so far away, thou comest to me with
such fairy tales, praising America to such
an extent as though God has not created
another country in the world!" Then
he became serious, and said: "All these
majestic scenes of nature, in reality,
prove the greatness of the Creator and
the antiquity of the world. This globe
is indeed millions of years old, and its
Creator has had no beginning and will
have no ending. He has been, is and will
be the Alpha and Omega. A creator pre-
supposes creatures, just as light presup-
poses the existence of the sun.
"Now just as these wonderful scenes
of the world of nature are witnessed in
all the Western States, I hope the rare
signs and traces of the Kingdom of Ab-
ha may also become incarnated and per--
sonified; such souls may appear from
these States who will be considered the
Wonders of the age and the geniuses of
the time; from their services infinite re-
sults may become manifest in the world
of existence; their words be penetrative,
the trees of their lives fruitful, each one
a flag of the victory of the Cause of God
and a column of light to guide the wan-
derers to the religion of God. Then the
nether world will attract and in turn
reflect the virtues of the world of the
Kingdom. Within the short space of our
lives or the lives of generations, very
little changes will come over these nat-
ural scenes and no practical results are
witnessed from their mineral lives. But
the life and teachings of a single human
wonder transforms the whole world.
Columbus was a genius in his time. Con-
sider what world-encircling results ap-
peared from his voyage of discovery!
Copernicus, Kepler, Laplace and Newton
were all geniuses, and their contributions
to the sciences have made them bene-
factors of humanity? The inventors and
discoverers of telegraphy, telephony,
electricity, wireless, etc., have all,
through their distinguished labors and
discoveries made man a monarch over
the laws of nature, broadened his vision
and freed him from the lower, miserable
life of the savage, ever fighting with the
beasts of the jungle in order to satisfy
his bare wants. This is, of course, in the
material world. But if we concentrate
our attention on the spiritual world and
the rich results issuing therefrom, we
observe that through the teachings of
Christ and the self-sacrifice of His dis-
ciples, Europe and America were
adorned with the bright jewels of divine
civilization, ferocious characters were
refined and the love of humanity spread.
"In a similar manner in the Bahai
Cause, there must appear extraordinary
spiritual geniuses, wonders of the King-
dom of God, souls who in knowledge,
sciences, sociability, tenderness, loving-
kindness, universality, joyfulness, may
be considered unique and peerless.
Should such heavenly beings appear in
the Western States, the power and the
creative energy of the Kingdom of Ab-
ha will become manifest and apparent;
souls who have discovered their ways to
the mines of the Kingdom; souls who are
the irrigators of the grounds of the
hearts of humanity; souls who are the
Wonders of the realm of Truth. Then
and not until then will the spiritual crea-
tion of the Almighty become perfected
in those States; the miracles' of the
transforming power of the Spirit em-
bodied, the mysteries of the Holy Books
be revealed and the golden age of peace
and brotherhood be established."
We all know that the Vllestern States
are thinly settled; that the population
of these eleven states is only about seven
million, while that of the Northeastern
and Southern States together is over
fifty million. Still, everyone realizes
that the West is the seat of a mighty,
virile civilization, that the possibilities
of its development are unlimited under
the wonderful promises of the Center of
the Covenant of God regarding the fu-
ture of that country.

