244 STAR OF THE WEST
Now, praise be to God, your assembly
is a great one; you are about two hun-
dred in number; judge thereby of the
future.
The Bahais are not in one place only,
but you will find Bahai centers in most
parts of the world, and they are daily
increasing and spreading. You must
rest assured, knowing for a certainty
that the confirmations of the Kingdom
are yours, that the favors of 
LLAH are with you, that the power heav-
enly is with you, that the assistance
of God is with you. If all the inhab-
itants of the earth should gather they
will fail to withstand you, for they are
on the wane, whereas you are waxing
stronger. They are retrogressing; you
are progressing.
"Then they exiled us from Persia,
from Teheran to Baghdad, the journey
was made in thirty stages and in these
thirty stages we did not find one Bahai.
Now in every one of these places there
are great numbers of Bahai friends.
Notwithstanding that the ruler of
Persia and the Sultan of Turkey op-
posed the Cause so violently--exercising
tyranny and oppression thinking to ex-
tinguish the Lamp of God--yet this
Lamp day by day grew in radiance, its
power increased and its illumination be-
came greater, until i-t reached such a
degree that now its lights are spread
throughout the as far as
San Francisco, which is very far from
Persia. See what this will mean in the
future 
At the time His Holiness Jesus Christ
was crucified, there were eleven disciples
and even they were doubting--Peter
heading them--1mtil Mary the Magda-
lene. that lioness 0-If God, strengthened
them and was the cause of confirming
them. Then consider how great were the
results!
And now, His Holiness 
when He ascended, had half a million
souls who were self-sacrificing and all
were perfectly firm and staunch Con-
sider what a marvelous potency this will
exercise.
Rest assured in the favor of God, and
know that God is your Assister. So
with great power, with great confidence,
strive that the lights of God may be
spread and in this country from East
to VVest the light may be shining.
Be confident Have no doubt about
it! This banner of will
be unfurled, waving toward all regions 
The lights of the Kingdom of God will
illumine all these climes, and the call
of God will reach the hearing of all the
American Republic I
Hence, you must in the utmost of love,
in the utmost of sanctity strive night
and day that you may be the cause of
spreading the light. If we are not the
instruments in spreading this Cause,
others will be chosen. Then let us strive
so that this crown may be placed upon
our heads--that we may be the pro-
mulgators of the light, that we may be
the resuscitators of souls, that we may
be sight-givers to the blind, that we may
be the remedies to the sick, that we may
guide the people. Otherwise, God will
raise up a people who will hoist the
standard of God, who will ignite the
Lamp of God, who will conquer the cities
of the hearts, who will show forth the
poteney of the Word of God.
But for us the desire is that we may
be the instruments and thus we may
be crowned. Otherwise, God is able to
create instruments whereby His Word
shall be published broadcast. If this
does. not happen today, and if not on the
morrow, then on the day after tomor-
row. But the desire is that today the
Word may be spread, that our activity
shall be beneath this banner and stand-
ard, that we shall be the cause of giving
forth the summons of God, that we may
invite the souls to the Kingdom, that
we may be their guides.
Thus, this will be the cause of illumin-
ing faces and will win the praise of all
the Manifestations of God. This is our

