Z20 STAR OF THE WEST
Writing these lines, I am again moved
to present myself in his presence and
take down his words in response to the
recently arrived supplications.

February 11, 1919.
Dear Ahmad:
Another veil is lifted. News as con-
tained in letters, the first so far since
the outbreak of the war, have reached
us from Persia as We-ll as from India.
Meager and insufficient as the news is
at present, yet it assures us of the
Welfare of the friends. Although few
have succumbed to the trials and calam-
ities occasioned by the War, such as
the reported death of Neyerre Lina,
Bamandar and Mirza Naim of Teheran,
three of the choicest friends in the
Cause, yet consolation lies in the safety
and well-being' of the mass of the friends,
their unanimous rise to herald the King-
dom, to tear asunder the veils of con-
cealment and prudence and their unre-
stricted, unhampered activity in the
Cause of God. Their meetings, notwith-
standing famine, pestilence, rapine, in-
ternal war and isolation from the Holy
Land, have been regularly conducted
and elaborately organized. In Teheren,
the most active center of Persia, the
friends associate, deal and transact as
Bahais, openly declaring their faith,
emphatically and fearlessly delivering
the message and gathering in their flood
men of every class, of every denomina-
tion and of every sect~as Abdul-Baha
has already repeatedly intimated in his
blessed Tablets for Persia, Russia and
Egypt, the only group and the one body
which is able and wields the necessary
power to assure for Persia her integrity,
her weal and her prosperity. Factions
and parties have failed in their aims and
have met disappointment in the realiza-
tion of their aspirations. The Nation-
alists, the Reactionaries, the Liberals
and the Democrats have made Persia
a desolate country, While these Wan-
derers and strangers shall soon, God
Willing, render a distinguished service
to Persia and to her sons, for We hold
fast to efiective means and are attached
to powerful souls. Indeed, this Wish of
the Beloved is being realized and ful-
filled, for at present amid the agitation
and uproar that still prevails in Persia,
the qualities of trustworthiness, truth-
fulness, obedience, frankness, conscien-
tiousness and loyalty are exclusively em-
bodies in the friends of much
so that a government that has perse-
cuted, tortured, exiled, burned and dev-
astated the homes of those who were
related to this Cause, has novv placed
its full confidence and has elected a
Bahai to be its representative at the
great International Congress sitting at
Paris,
Abdul-Baha spent the Whole day in-
doors, With no outstanding eve11t mark-
ing the activities of the day save a de-
tailed telegram bearing your signature,
dated February 10th, and reading as
follows:
"With thy divine assistance leave now
on Yahoshi llfaru Japanese steamer
direct for New York via Gilera. All
things perfect, traveling first class. Am
only passenger, fare 38 pounds. Mah-
mond Noushogadi, one of friends helped
me in this. Beg thy favor and Tablet
for him."
Your sailing directly to New York
was providential and just the will and
desire of the Beloved. A good start.
I wish you a comfortable and speedy
voyage.
Shoghi Rahbaml.
(To be continued)

