96 STAR OF THE WEST
"The ocean of the Covenant shall send forth a wave"
RECENT TABLET TO LOUISE R. WAITE
To the maid-servant of God, Mrs. Louise
Waite, Los Angeles, California--Upon
her be El-Abha!
He Is God!
thou dear maid-servant of 

The letter thou hadst Written to his
honor Mr. Tudor-Pole was perused.
It is just what thou hadst written,
namely, that the question of supreme
importance centers around the promul-
gation of divine teachings. This is con-
ducive to amity among all denomina-
tions and races that dwell on earth, nay
rather it links together the East and the
West, binds closely together the North
and the South, pitches the pavilion of
the oneness of the world of humanity,
lays the foundation of universal peace,
emancipates mankind from the gloom
of the World of nature and elevates it
to the illumination of the Kingdom, se-
cures freedom for all the hearts and
gladdens the souls with the glad tidings
of God.
As to the question of reincarnation
which thou hast inquired: It is better
for thee to refer to the Book of Certainty
(Ighan) revealed through the Supreme
Pen, wherein the question is fully
treated. This is the explicit text of the
divine utterance and therein thou shalt
find that it has been manifestly declared
that by "Return" is meant the return
of human perfections and divine illum-
ination. The Book of Ighu/n. has been
translated and possesses the decisive ver-
dict. Consider and peruse it with the
utmost carefulness.
Concerning the childish activities of
some (violators) which thou hadst Writ-
ten about: Praise be to God, thou hast
been able to fulfill admirably thy mission.
Thou hast, armed with the power of the
Covenant, resisted and surmounted these
unwise and foolish attempts thou hastpro-
tected the Cause of God and hast striven
to expose and reveal the Truth to the
people of that region. These people are
like unto children~at every hour they
exhibit a fresh and Puerile attempt, but
all that is likened to a ripple on the
surface of water. Ere long thou shalt
consider that no sign and no trace shall
remain therefrom. The ocean of the
Covenant shall send forth a Wave and
shall disperse and throw out these
foams. Consider thou, at the time of
Christ and after Him, how many child-
ish attempts were made by diflerent per-
sons! What claims they have advanced
and What a multitude have they gathered
around themselves! Even Arius at-
tracted to himself a million and a half
followers and strove and endeavored to
sow the seeds of sedition in the Cause
of Christ. But eventually the sea of
Christ surged and cast out all the gath-
ering froth and nothing was left behind
save everlasting malediction.
In fine, engage in the promulgation
of divine teachings, that ye may serve
in a distinguished manner the oneness
of the World of humanity, may be the
means of the propagation of universal
Peelfie, that the World of mankind may
reflect, like unto a mirror, the divine
Kingdom and that the lights of the
realm on high may shine in the nether
World.
Convey, on my behalf, to all the
friends and particularly to thy respect-
ed husband, Mr. Waite, the utmost love
and kindness.
Upon thee be El-Abha!
(Signed) .ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
March 15th, 1919. Home of Abdul-
Baha, Haifa, Palestine).

