30 STAR OF THE WEST
Today the promulgation of the ideal principles of His Holiness 
which are manifestly recorded in the Books, is the spirit of this age and the
cause of the realization of assistance and confirmation. Assuredly whenever
thou holdest fast to it, in Whatever enterprise thou mayest engage, thou shalt
find the doors of might and power fiung open to thy face. My hope from the
blessings of His Holiness is that thou mayest become self-sacrific-
ing in His path, that thou mayest forget rest and composure and like unto a
swift-flying bird, thou mayest cover long distances and in whatever land thou
tarriest thou mayest reproduce the melody of the Kingdom and engage in songs
and music in the best of tunes.
At present the Whole world is prepared for the call of the Kingdom. The
past war has given rise to a Wonderful capacity among men, for the underlying
foundation of the teachings of God rests upon the comfort and the Well-being
of the denizens of the world and upon the establishment of Universal Peace.
As ears are awaiting the summons for Universal Peace, it is therefore
advisable for thee to travel, in case comfortable journey is possible, to the
different parts of the globe and roar like unto a lion in the Kingdom of God.
"Wide-reaching consequences thou shalt witness and extraordinary confirmations
shall be exhibited unto thee. His Holiness has said: "Verily,
We gaze upon ye from My Abha Horizon and shall come to the assistance of him
who has risen to the service of My Cause with the phalanxes of the Supreme
Concourse and with a legion of chosen and favored angels." Thus the diffusion
of divine fragrances is above all the most important matter.
I very much desire that thou shouldst visit the Holy Land and thus to meet
thee, but teaching stands above everything else and if thou deemest it advisable,
engage thou in the spreading of it throughout the regions of the world.
His honor Mr. Harry Randall is indeed the herald of the Kingdom of God,
serves His Holiness and the friends of God beyond his own endur-
ance and is the cause of the extension of the sphere of teaching.
His honor Mr. Roy Wilhelm is in reality a true servant. He has no thought
save service to the Kingdom of Abha and is therein engaged day and night.
Mr. Richard Mayer is self-sacrificing in service to the World of humanity
and is the cause of the diffusion of Divine fragrances. His efiorts are accepted
at the Kingdom of Abha.
As to Green Acre, it is indeed an important spot. Far-reaching consequen-
ces shall result from the gathering at that spot. May the spirit of (her honor}
Miss Farmer rejoice and rest in peace and may her reality be glorified in the
Kingdom of Abha! I always beg assistance and confirmations for the friends
in Green Acre.
His honor Agha Abbas Ali is indeed the Abbas of Baha, i. e. the lion of
for he roars a.nd proclaims the call of "Ya-Baha-el-Abba!" on
mountains and in jungles.
Concerning the Esperanto language, numerous letters have been written
by the friends and have been spread over all the World. My hope is that the
Esperantists may become attracted by these epistles, may consider the magni-
tude of confirmation bestowed upon some of the important Tablets of His Holi-
ness and propagate them all around. I trust they may turn their
faces towards the Abha Kingdom and may solicit assistance and confirmation
in this noble undertaking.
thou beloved maid-servant of God! I presently implore and entreat at
the Kingdom of God and beg for thy late mother unbounded forgiveness that

