138 STAR OF THE WEST
His honor, the beloved Daniel (Jen-
kyn) addresses you from the hidden
Kingdom as follows: ye friends of
God! Be not grieved because of my sep-
aration, for I am abiding in a realm
wherein all my Wishes are realized!"
Wlien Dr. Esslemont has finished his
book, send a copy thereof.
I have felt deeply sad at the passing
away of Professor Cheyne at Oxford.
Send a copy of his book, which is (part-
ly) on the Cause.
Praise be to God, in these regions, due
to the establishment of an equitable gov-
ernment, security and comfort have been
realized for everybody, and all denomi-
nations are safe and protected from all
calamities and are engaged in providing
the means of their welfare and prosper-
ity.
The hope is entertained that, through
the blessings of Providence, the standard
of universal peace may be raised and
the pavilion of the oneness of the world
of humanity may be pitched upon the
apex of the contingent world; that the
different races may be fused into one,
and the surface of the globe may become
one native land; so that the divine King-
dom may be fully represented and glo-
riously shine in the nether world.
Upon ye be greeting and praise!
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, Jan-
uary 19, 1919. House of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)
Unveiling of the Divine Plan for the Central States
(Continued from page 127)
so that the call of prayers and supplica-
tions may ascend to the heights of
heaven. The flowers of material and di-
vine civilization shall grow in the Mash-
rekol-Azkar, perfuming the nostrils with
the fragrance of truth. Its doors will be
open before the faces of all races, nations
and religions. Whosoever enters therein
is welcomed. is the uni-
versal Shepherd. All mankind are His
sheep, and the adherents of all religions
are welcomed in the Mashrekol-Azkar to
worship the Father of all humanity with
perfect freedom and reverence and obed-
ience.
"Likewise, great importance must be
given to the development of the STAR on
THE Wnsr. The circle of its discussion
must be widened; in its columns must be
published the essential problems pertain-
ing to the Bahai life in all its phases.
Its contents must be so universal that
even the strangers may subscribe to it.
Articles must be published, dealing with
the universal principles of the Cause, the
writers proving that this Cause takes a
vital interest in all the social and re-
ligious movements of the age and is con-
ducive to the progress of the world and
its inhabitants. In short, the STAR or
THE must promote the aspira-
tions and the ideals that will gather little
by little around these general Tablets,
bringing into the light of day all the his-
torical, religious and racial knowledge
which will be of the utmost value to the
Bahai teachers all over the world.
"In a similar manner, the scope of the
Bahai Publishing Society must be great-
ly enlarged, so that books and pamphlets
may be translated into different lan-
guages and published. These short
pamphlets and historical reviews, giving
the proofs and arguments of the Cause,
must be written in accordance with the
intellectual and spiritual capacity of
each people.
"In short, for the diffusion of the
fragrances of God the friends must think
of detailed ways and means and year by
year add to their efficiency, practicality
and thoroughness. They must organize
classes for teaching the young and pre-
paring teachers to go to all parts of
America. God willing, the believers like
unto bright candles will illumine the as-
semblage of the world of humanity with
the light of truth."

