STAR OF THE WEST 35
fore for the reality of life; seeking
after God, if haply we may find Him?
Mashrekol-azkar, translated from the
Arabic into English, means the dawn-
ing point of praises (to God). It is a
creational idea that marks the beginning
of a new historical era--an era of mutu-
ality of service to God and man, of co-
operation, the end of destructive com-
petition, the beginning of the realization
of the Christ teachings.
No appreciation of the Mashrekol-az-
kar can be had without knowledge first
of the Bahai Movement, for its history
is inextricably interwoven in the devel-
opment of the great structure. You will
hear today of the Bahai Movement in
every part of the world. Representa-
tives of all races and nations are its
adherents. If you are a Bahai, the name
is open sesame around the World, even
to the jungles of India. You will hear
of the Movement, not only in every civil
ized country of the world, but in the
outlying posts of civilization, in unex-
pected islands of the sea, up in Alaska,
down in uttermost Africa, so universal
is its diffusion--a dynamic movement
that penetrates, by virtue ofits tremen-
dous truth and vitalness, silently, cease-
lessly, resistlessly, into the great heart
of humanity. .
The Bahai Movement had its origin
in 1844, when, on the 23d day of May,
a Persian youth, calling himself the Bab
or Gate, arose among his 
and proclaimed the coming of the uni-
versal Teacher of Men, the Great One,
whose appearance had been anticipated
and prophesied by all the Scriptures of
the world, who would lead humanity
into all truth. He called men to prepare
themselves by self-purification for the
recognition of the Great One, when He
.should appear among them.
It was a skeptical Moslem World that
greeted the proclamation of the Bab,
for his teachings meant assuredly the
overthrow of ancient Islamic institu-
tions. And so, after a mission of six
years, having lived a blameless, unsullied
life, the Bab was martyred in the public
square of Tabriz. To the end he held
tenaciously to his faith in his own per-
sonal mission as herald of the Mighty
One, soon to- stand forth, revealed to the
World as the Manifestation of God. His
very name, indicatory of His station,
the Bab Ara-
bic for the Glory of God.
In 1852, Mirza Husein Ali of Nur,
a man of ancient, distinguished Persian
lineage, began an exile of forty years
from his native land. Persecution and
imprisonment had been his portion at
the hands of his government. For,
where the Bab ended his work, Mirza
Husein Ali assumed the responsibility
for the spiritual guidance of humanity.
Today, throughout the World, he is
known as "Him whom
God should manifest," in fulfilment of
the prophetic utterances of the Bab.
And the message he has given to the
world, out of the deeps of his spiritual
consciousness, is known as the Bahai
Revelation.
The Holy Land Was the scene of the
last exile and imprisonment of Bank'-
o'nLiu-I. At the instigation of the merci-
less Islamic government, with his family
and a few followers, he had been ruth-
lessly sent forth, divested of all his
estates, first to Bagdad, then to Gon-
stantinople and Adrianople, and, finally,
in 1868, to the Turkish penal colony of
Acca, nine miles north of Mt. Carmel, on
the Mediterranean eoast--"the most
desolate of the cities of the World."
The horrors of the Turkish prison,
the tragic sufferings of the exiles are
historical facts--horrors and sufferings
that would have dissuaded ordinary men
from pursuing their spiritual mission to
the world. Yet, in the midst of it all,
as throughout the life of the brilliant
protagonists of the Bahai Movement,
those marvelous souls manifested only
(Continued on page 45)

