150 STAR OF THE WEST
between contemporaneous religion and
contemporaneous science, for both are
dogmatic. The religion of today is men~
tally wrapped in the swaddling clothes
of an infant humanity, while science, in
bursting free from this oppression, is
lost in an anarchy of materialism. When
scientists live as close to God as the
prophets of the past, a new and spir-
itual civilization will pervade the earth.
In the Bahai Movement, it will be no
man 's duty to preach unto his neighbors.
All will have the \Vord of God at their
meaning to be sought in
their own hearts and from the heart of
God. There will be no paid profession
of the spiritual teacher. This function
will be absorbed by the educator, the
scholar, and the scientific investigator.
In the Bahai teachings we find a plat-
form so wide, so universal, that it meets
every need of man: one that appeals to
both the intellectual and to the emo-
tional; to the humanitarian and to the
mystic; to the oriental and to the occi-
dental.
These teachings are for all humanity,
nor is there i11 them fault either of
omission or commission. Herein lies the
outline of a perfect World-religion; the
pattern to which humanity may Weave
its future destiny; the foundation stone
for the building of the Temple.
Yet were the Bahai Movement a mere
platform it would soon pass, as have
passed all other platforms made by man.
It is not because of its platform that it
is spreading over all the world, but be-
cause of its inner spirit, its cohesive
force. It is a religion, not an ethical or
philosophic cult. It moves men to great
and lofty deeds; purifies their hearts;
leads them to God. It is the Wa-te1' of
Life, bringing rejuvenation to a thirsty
age. To one man it may appeal first
through the intellect, to another through
the heart; but in time it unifies these
two sides of man into a perfect harmony
of spirit. The oriental, mystically in-
clined, it makes more practical. The oc-
cidental, inclined toward materialism, it
wakens to the existence of spirit. And
upon all it enjoins deeds.
This is not a religion of words, of lip
service, of inherited tradition. It is a
religion of action, appealing to the vir~
ile, the pioneer, the heroic in man. It
points the way to a new a11d glorious
civilization, the keynote of which is so~
cial love. And not only does it point
the way, but it gives also the impetus,
the motive, and the power toward this
better life. For many have the eyes to
see, the heart to yearn, but few the
power to achieve. And the friends of
God must be distinguished, not by fine
words merely and ideals, but by spir-
itual achievement. Wheii the Bahais in
any community stand out perceptibly as
the sweetest, the noblest and the most
powerful personalities of them all, then
will the Bahai Movement win its adher-
ents by the thousands and the Bahai
State come to realization.
Much as it may so be thought, man is
not, however, made for living, but life
for man. Not a perfect world is the goal
of humanity, but a perfected soul. This
world is but the battle ground, upon
which victory is to be attained of spirit
over sense. Hence, of far more impor-
tance, in any religion, than the means
of a happy civilization, are the means of
an individual salvation. "What shall I
do to be the eternal quest.
Salvation is a term in obloquy among
trained minds. Modern cultured man
has deemed himself the peer of exist-
ence, needless of salvation, beyond good
and evil. If this attitude brings hap-
piness, let the years 1914-1918 bear wit-
ness.
If salvation means anything, it means
the ushering of the soul into immortal
joy; it means the freeing of the soul
from sorrow, There is only one way of
freedom. It is the way of love. In
that predestined union of the soul with
God, happiness is found. In separation,
only matter how the soul

