STAR OF THE WEST 343
the age of 71. She accepted this blessed
Message without a doubt in 1913, and
since that time she has nourished her
soul by the prayers from the Hidden
Words. During the last days of her ill-
ness she asked that the prayers be read
to her, as she was too Weak to read.
She firmly believed that Abdul-Baha
Was her Lord; his name Was the healing
of her soul and the Mashrekol-Azkar Was
the Door of Hope. Three days before
she passed on she asked that a contribu-
tion be sent to the Temple in her name,
as the time Was getting very short and
she Wanted it to get there before she
passed out. On the morning of the third
day she was very happy, saying, 
guess they have the money now." She
relaxed and rested and that night the
spirit left her body. The family held
the Bahai burial service on Sunday
evening, December 8 and the next day
she was laid away. Mrs. Kruger was the
mother of Mrs. J. N. Ayers, of Trenton,
N. J. J. Nowell Ayres.

MRS. A. M. BRYANT
The passing of the maid-servant of
God, Mrs. A. M. Bryant, removed one
of the early servants of the Cause in
America from faithful service on this
mortal plane to the Paradise of El-Abha.
O11 April 18, 1919, at midnight, at her
home in Denver, Colorado, she was re-
leased from physical distress and Weak-
ness of several months duration, and
We Who had received spiritual instruc-
tion from her rejoiced at her precious
freedom even while the pang of separa-
tion caused the tears to flow.
Mrs. Bryant received the Message in
1900 from that brave herald of the Cause,
Thornton Chase, and later received
instruction from Mirza Abul Fazl and
other Persian teachers sent to this coun-
try by Abdul-Baha. From that time,
with an attracted heart, she ever served
the Covenant. Mrs. Bryant received ten
Tablets from Abdul-Baha, one received
in 1903 making it incumbent upon her
to establish a spiritual assembly in Den-
ver, which she did, and afterward con-
stantly served in this city as long as
health permitted.
Her son, Mr. Leo C. Bryant, of Wash-
ington, D. C., who had been With his
mother for several Weeks prior to her
passing, requested the friends to con-
duct a purely Bahai service, a11d a brief
and impressive service Was read by the
friends.
The Center of the Covenant placed
upon her head a glorious crown in the
following short Tablet received by her
in 1901:
To the maid-servant of God Mrs. A. M.
Bryant~--Upon her be 
El-Abba!
He Is God!
thou who art attracted by the fra-
grance of God!
Beloved art thou, for thou hast lighted
the lamp of the love of God in the glass
of America, called out in His Name
among the people, and guided them to
the Kingdom of El-Abha.
maid-servant of God! Fly away
with joy, for God hath strengthened
thee in this great gift, which is a glori-
ous crown. the gems of which are scintil-
lating with the light of guidance.
Blessed is thy head, for it is decorated
With this crown. Verily, this is better
for thee than the dominion of the World.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated at Chicago, by Mirza Ali
Kuli Kahn, Dee. 24, 1901.)
Denver Bahai Assembly.
THAD BUTLER
During the past year, Thad Butler,
aged fifteen, Was accidcntaly killed at
Huntington, Ind. He Was the son of
Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Butler and the
grandson of Col. Fiske, one of the oldest
Bahais in America. When Abdul-Baha
Was in Chicago, Mrs. Butler, with great
difficulty, took all of the children to see
him. Gertrude Harris.
(Continued on page 345)

