STAR OF THE 349
Words and teachings often set forth the
divine responsibility and priceless privi-
lege of living in this day of days and
ultimate cycle to which prophets, seers
and saints have looked forward in
prayer and vision. He spoke contin-
ually and with confident certainty of
the life beyond, manifested the reality
of love for all -mankind, and after a
long illness joyfully ascended to the
station prepared for those who serve
the Cause of the most high God in
words and Works.
Often he told of Abdul-Baha's love
for l1im--hoW in June, 1912, during the
stay of the Center of the Covenant in
New York, that Wonderful being tobk
him in his arms, saying: "You are my
friend! You are my friend! You are
my friend and will ever be my friend!"
Over his devoted head We read the
verses of joy and exaltation, "Blessed
are they who die in the Lord!" "Bles-
sed are those who understand!" "Peace
be upon those who follow guidance."
Howard 
MRS. IDA BRUSH AND MRS.
FRANCES non
Word of the passing away of two
maid-servants well-known to the early
Bahais of Chicago has been received.
Mrs. Ida Brush died November 22, 1919,
at Sturgeon Bay, V\7is., and 1/Irs. Fran-
cis M. Roe died November 23rd, at
Chicago.
{mi
MRS. BOETTLE
A very dear Bahai sister, Mrs. Fanny
Boettle of Philadelphia, ascended to her
heavenly home i11 February of this year:
Mother was her last visitor and her last
Words to mother were "Allaho'Abha."
Jessie Re-vell.
SANFORD KINNEY
While I Was in Boston a great sorrow
befell the friends of that entire assem-
bly in -the departure from this mortal
world of Sanford Kinney. The Kinneys
a.re most dearly beloved by all of the
Bahais. Their firmness in the Cov-
enant and their assurance in the King-
dom is so strong and fragrant as to
bring joy and happiness to many souls.
In whatsoever condition they may be or
Wherever they dwell their home is al-
Ways a center where the breezes of the
Covenant of God blow and where the
Message of the Kingdom is voiced.
When I first knew this family they
were living in affluence in New York
'City. Their door was always open and
every one was received and large meet-
ings Were held for the glory of El-Baha.
Then trials and tribulations visited them
and they moved to New England and
While there various other tests and trials
came to them. At one time they were
very poor and lived in a very small
cabin at Green Acre. Nevertheless, un-
der these conditions the same spiritual
fragrance surrounded them. Their hos-
pitality was the same and their home
was a center of spiritual activities--thus
the people all love them very much.
On my arrival in Boston I learned
that "Sandy" was very ill, so I went
to their home in the suburbs of the city.
There I found a number of the friends
gathered in service and in prayer. So
strong Was the union between these
friends that everyone felt as if it were
his own blood brother who was ill. Doc-
tors and nurses Were in attendance and
every physical help was at hand, While
the friends offered their prayers in be-
half of the sick one. The family was in
the greatest state of resignation and not
once did the sick boy desire for any-
thing save that the vvill of God should
be accomplished. Thus several days and
nights passed.
The night that Sandy passed out of
this realm several of us, including Mr.
and Mrs. Ober and two' nurses, remained
almost the entire night at his bedside
in prayer. It Was a spiritual 
ence that moved me very deeply, for
above and beyond all the physical dis-

