STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or TI-IE 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. AI-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after ho ~ts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and voice and fame will be raised
and become World-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the ST or THE WEST, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the p_romul ator of the Cause of God--s0 that both in the
East and the West they may become lnformed of the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
STAR OF THE WEST FOUNDATION
Northeastern States: HARRIS.
1/l estern States: HELEN S. GOODALL.
Soutlzern States: JOSEPH H. HANNEN. Dominion of Canada: MAY MAXWELL.
Central tatrs: ALBERT VAIL. CARL SCI-IEFFLER. .
Editorial Stafi': ALBERT R. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary .7!//ember: MIRZA AH MAD S01-IRAB
Vol.  Kudtatl, 75 Novemhe" 4-, 1919) i WM NO 13
Teaching) held i11 the Central States
may exert a great influence, may be as-
sisted by the confirmations and bounties
of the Supreme Concourse, and may
give forth remarkable results.
Upon ye be Baha-El-Abha!
(Signed) Annss.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Haifa, Palestine, July 29, 1919.)
GERTRUDE BUI-KEMA
To the maid-servant of God, Miss Ger-
trude Buikema, Chicago, Illinois--
Upon her be El-Abha!
Is God!
thou dear maid-servant of God!
Thy letter was received. From its
contents it became known that thy
eager Wish is to serve the STAR or THE
This Wish is due to the eXalta-
tion of thy nature and is highly praise-
worthy, and in the divine Kingdom is
accepted and praised. Verily, Mr.
Windust has so far exerted a great
effort for the arrangement of the STAR
or THE and I am greatly pleased
with him.
At present both of you must, as ye
have been doing in the past, endeavor
for the arrangement and the publica-
tion of the STAR on THE How-
ever, the means of subsistence are neces-
sary for both of you and ye cannot con-
centrate your time in this matter. Serve,
therefore, as much as it is possible, the
STAR or THE and in order to
secure the means of livelihood, do not
abandon your ow11 occupations. When
the STAR or THE VVEST will be so Widely
published as to insure your necessary
expenses, then if We abandon your oc-
cupation and concentrate upon the
STAR, it will be preferable. But at
present ye are forced to engage in your
occupation that the means of livelihood
may be secured.
As I have no time, I have Written thee
in brief. Whatever question comes up,
submit it to the Editorial Staff Com-
mittee for discussion and consideration
and then hold to What ye deem advis-
able and suitable.

