STAR OF THE IVEST 41
ISABELLA D. BRITTINGHAM
To the maid-servant of God, Isabella D. Brittingham, San Francisco, California.
--Upon her be El-Abha!
He Is God!
dear maid-servant of God!
Indeed, What thou hadst Written is true. Communication and connection
between the sons and daughters of the Kingdom are not conditioned upon mate-
rial links. Spiritual means have ever existed and Will continue to exist. As, for
instance, throughout all these years of commotion, when Ways Were barred and
the doors of communication closed, notwithstanding this, hearts Were attracted
and gladdened by the fragrances of God.
This Was because the bond of connection Was firm a11d the link of associa-
tion was strong.
The letters Which thou hadst enclosed in thy letter have been received.
Praise be to God, thou hast acquired a lo11g and spiritual lineage, and this is by
far the most blessed of all lines. For material lines of descent may either be
greatly praiseworthy or mean in character, While spiritual lineage is the 
of heart and of soul and is in every respect praiseworthy.
Ye had celebrated the Feast of the Covenant. It Was very proper. Mr.
and Mrs. Zim have served the Kingdom of God .and on that day called a meet-
ing in their home and celebrated the Feast.
I have been very pleased with the service of Mr. Milton who has supported
the government, for according to the explicit command of His Holiness BAHA-
all Bahais are ordered to serve, to obey and to be faithful to their
government. Convey my greetings to Mr. Herbert.
The respected maid-servant of God Mrs. Goodall and the attracted maid-
servant of God Mrs. Cooper are indeed two candles illumined by the light of
the love of God. .
Thou shalt in future reap the fruits of thy tour to the southern states.
All the family and the Holy Leaves convey to you their salutation and
their longing.
Upon thee be El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, January 28, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)
VITULA EDITH VVHITTON
To Mrs. Vitula Edith \Vhitton, Geyserville, California.--Upon her be Barm-
El-Abha!
Is God!
thou maid-servant of God!
The letter thou hadst Written November 23, 1918, was received. Its con-
text indicated tl1at--praise be to God!--thou art intoxicated with the Wine of
the Covenant and art aloof and away from all else save God; that thou hast a
truthful heart and a firm step.
Although thou hast a small meeting, yet, as thou art firm and resolute, in
future this gathering shall greatly expand and shall become elaborate, for the
souls that are firm in the Covenant are ever assisted and confirmed. Rest

