310 STAR OF THE WEST
and America, and in churches, meetings and conventions was occupied with the
promotion of the divine principles and summoned the people to the manifesta-
tion of the Kingdom of Abha. Ye have also observed how the confirmations of
the Blessed Perfection encompassed all. What result is forthcoming from
material rest, tranquillity, luxury and attachment to this corporeal World! It is
evident that the man who pursues these things will in the end become afflicted
with regret and loss.
Consequently, one must close his eyes Wholly to these thoughts, long for
eternal life, the snblimity of the World of humanity, the celestial developments,
the Holy Spirit, the promotion of the \/Vord of God, the guidance of the inhabi~
tants of the globe, the promulgation of universal peace and the proclamation
of the oneness of the World of humanity! This is the w01'k:! Otherwise like unto
other animals and birds one must occupy himself With the requirements of this
physical life, the satisfaction of which is the highest aspiration of the animal
kingdom, an one must stalk across the earth like unto the quadrupeds.
Consider ye! No matter how much man gains Wealth, riches and opulence
in this World, he Will not become as independent as a cow. For these fattened
cows roam freely over the vast tableland. All the prairies and meadows are
theirs for grazing, and all the springs and rivers are theirs for drinking! No
matterhow much they graze, the fields will not be exhausted! It is evident that
they have earned these material bounties 'With the utmost facility.
Still more ideal than this is the life of the bird. A bird. on the summit
of a mountain, on the high, Waving branches, has built for itself a nest more
beautiful than the palaces of the kings! The air is in the utmost purity, the
water cool and clear as the panorama charming and enchanting. In
such glorious surroundings, he expends his numbered days. All the harvests
of the plain are his possessions, having earned all this Wealth Without the least
labor. Hence, no matter how much man may advance in this World, he shall
not attain to the station of this bird! Thus it becomes evident that in the
matters of his world, however much man may strive and Work to the point of
death, he will be unable to earn the abundance, the freedom and the independent
life of a small bird. This proves and establishes the fact that man is not created
for the life of this ephemeral rather, he is created for the acquire-
ment of infinite perfections, for the attainment to the sublimity of the World
of humanity, to be drawn nigh unto the divine threshold, and to sit on the
throne of everlasting sovereignty!
Upon ye be Baha E1-Abha!
Any soul starting on a trip of teaching to various parts, and while sojourn~
ing in strange countries, may peruse the following supplication, day and night:
SUPPLICATION
God! God! Thou, seest me enamored and attracted toward Thy King-
dom the El-Abha, enkindled with the fire of Thy love amongst mankind, a

