STAR OF THE WEST 79
artificial lamps cannot be compared to the heavenly Sun. Therefore one must
strive for whatsoever is eternal and everlasting in order day by day to become
more illumined, day by day to grow stronger and day by day find new life.
If you are thinking of traveling to the west or the south with thy revered
wife, it is very acceptable. I am hoping that thou mayest find such a con-
firmation that thou thyself becomest amazed.
Regarding the book that thou hast written it has been received and we
are engaged in perusing it. God willing, thou shalt be confirmed in a second
edition.
Convey my utmost love and tenderness to thy revered wife, likewise
to . . .
I supplicate and implore to the Kingdom of God that thy father, mother
and brother may, through the light of guidance, enter the Kingdom of God.
Upon thee be El-Baha-el-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(February 10, 1919, Haifa, Palestine. Translated by Dr. Bagdadi, Ohi-
cago, March 27, 1919.)
LOUISE D. BOYLE
To the maid-servant of God, Louise D. Boyle, Miami, her be
El-Abha!
He Is God!
thou daughter of the Kingdom!
Your letter dated December 1918, was received. Thou hast written that
in these days, in view of these terrible battles and the extinction of the fire of
war, a new capability has sprung in men.
It is evident that not until rain, snow, cold, storm and hurricane come to
pass will the capacity for spring be attained. In winter divine Providence
prepares for the advent of the life-giving spring. 
Similarly this terrible war has awakened people 's minds and has given rise
to sentiments of Universal Peace so that the divine teachings may exert an
effect upon the peoples of all races.
At a time when I was in Europe and America, I raised high my voice in all
temples and gatherings and it was published and circulated in the papers that-
ye concourse of listeners! An imminent danger lies ahead. The whole of
Europe has turned into a huge arsenal which a single spark will set ablaze. The
flame of war shall attain supreme height and Europe shall be convulsed and
this Balkan strife shall lead to universal war; the foundations of the World of
humanity shall quake, cities shall be demolished and villages shall be razed to
the ground; fathers shall lose their sons and sons shall lose their fathers; mothers
shall wail and children shall cry and lament. ye listeners! Endeavor per-
chance, God willing, ye may prevent this fire from spreading and this storm
from raging!"
Whatever was explicitly recorded in the epistles and Tablets of 
concerning future events was mentioned, but these exhortations were not accepted
until this confiagration was set up.
At present all people have realized that war destroys the foundations of
mankind and that men are in need of universal peace and similarly of the rest
of the divine teachings.

