276 STAR OF
we again have the point and the circle,
the circle and the circumference.
In the West, every church spire point-
ing with its sharp point up into the
heavens, represents a mathematical
idea of God, the one God in heaven
in singleness. In the East every re-
ligious temple has a dome, it has the
half circle it represents the of God,
looking out in every direction and see-
ing His allness. The symbols, the point
and the circle, the symbols of geometry
a11d the symbols of arithmetic are con-
crete mathematics, yet nothing in them-
selves. The one can do nothing alone;
the cipher can do nothing alone. But
when you bring the two together, the
one and the cipher you have the ten,
and in the ten you have the decimal
system and in the decimal system you
have the principle of mathematics which
builds everything; the principle of math-
ematics which builds your cities, which
builds your great bridges, your great
works of engineering, your great con-
struction work because the Occident and
the Orient have come together. They
have clasped hands.
The point is the symbol of the objec-
tive being, the circle is the symbol of the
subjective being. Now we see that even
in the description given us in the cre-
ation, the earth was without form and
void and the Spirit of God moved upon
the surface of the waters and there
commenced to be a forming, a creating,
a drawing in toward a collective center.
And then in the spiritual sense when
God sent forth His prophet, His manifes-
tation, His \Vord, for the purpose of a
new spiritual creation in this universe,
the same principle exactly was followed.
He sent forth the luminous in
this great, new wonderful creation of
our own day, the Bab--and eighteen
others, making nineteen "letters of the
living."
I cannot talk long, but if you will
study carefully you will find that Jesus
the Christ had twelve disciples, 
and there were six women dear to his
THE WEST
heart, his faithful servants who, because
of the character of the times and the
conditions were not outwardly known
as disciples, but who were in a spiritual
and inner sense just as truly disciples
of the blessed Christ as were his twelve
men disciples,--and so then there were
eighteen "letters of the living," a11d
together with Christ, himself the point,
made the nineteen; and the one and the
nine, ten. The Bab, the luminous point,
passes through these signs or letters. He
has his eighteen "letters of the living,"
the greatest of all of whom, thank God,
was a woman, Kurat'-l Ayn, who gave
her life for this great Cause in such a
manner that Dr. Pollock, a Western phy-
sician present at the time and witnessing
her execution, makes the statement, pub-
lishes it in writing, that that magnificent,
that Wonderful woman bore with infinite
patience, without a murmur of com-
plaint, with great gladness, a long and
torturing death for the sake of the
great freedom of woman and of the
race. Eighteen "letters of the living,"
himself the point, the luminous point,
nineteen; one and nine, ten.
And then there were created these
great two orbs, the great Manifestation
of God, the orb of command, the orb
of revelation, the orb of manifestation;
and the other orb, the Center of the
Covenant. Two great orbs. So we have
in the outer, physical creation, according
to the description, the great collective
center as well as in the spiritual crea-
tion the great collective center. We have
outwardly in this physical universe of
ours, the great collective center the sun.
Around it revolve the planets and
everything in the circumference of that
enclosure is pulling upon the sun, and
the sun in its turn is pulling to it every
particle, every smallest atom throughout
the solar system. And so, through this
great collective -center, the sun, and
through the great law of gravitation--
which on the material and the outer
plane is the expression of love, be-
cause that is the attraction of gravita-

