304- STAR OF
operation and the recognition of its
rights. The stomach, if called upon to
see, would make a miserable failure.
But can the perform the work of
digestion? These are the teachings of
unity.
I11 closing, meditate upon this para-
graph from the utterances of His Holi-
ness, Abdul-Baha, on this subject, a
most significant utterance given in Mon-
treal, September 8d, 1912:
"Although the body politic is one
family, yet because of the lack of sym-
metry some members are comfortable
and some are in the utmost misery; some
members are satisfied and some are hun-
gry; some are clothed with the most
costly garments, While some members are
in need of food and shelter. Why"! Be-
cause this family has not the reciproc-
ity and symmetry needed. This house-
hold is not well arranged. This house-
hold is not under a perfect law. All
the laws made do not insure happiness;
they do not afiord comfort; therefore
a law must be given forth for this
family according to which each member
of this family will enjoy equal comfort
and happiness. Is it possible for a mem-
ber of a family to be subjected to the
utmost of misery and abject poverty,
and for the rest of the family to be com-
fortable? It is impossible, unless the
rest of the family be without feeling,
having become spiritually atrophied, in-
hospitable, unkind. Then such would
say, 'Though these members are of our
family, nevertheless let them alone, let
us look after ourselves, let them die.
So long as We are comfortable, We are
honorable, We are enjoying bliss, it is
enough. But this, our brother, let him
die. If he is in misery let him remain
in misery, provided We are comfortable.
If he be hungry, let him remain so, We
are full. If he is Without clothes, pro-
vided We are clothed, let him remain as
he is. If he is shelterless, homeless, so
long as We have homes let him remain
in the Wilderness.' Such a callous con-
THE 
dition in the human family is due to a-
lack of control and a lack of the Work-
ing of the law; to a failure of kindness
among men. If kindness be shown to
members of this family surely all will
enjoy equal comfort and happiness. The
purport is this: that We, all of us
inhabiting the globe of the earth, in
reality, are one family, and each of
us is a member of that family. Accord-
ingly, We must all be in the utmost of
happiness and comfort, under a just rule
and regulation agreeable to the good
pleasure of God, causing us to be Well
pleased, for this life is fleeting and if a
man looks after himself only, he is no
more than the animal, for the animal
alone is to that degree egoistic. Nay,
rather, man should be Willing to accept
hardship for himself in order that others
may be happy; he should prefer pov-
erty for himself that others may enjoy
Wealth; he must Welcome trouble for
himself if by so acting others may en-
joy happiness and Well being. This is a
characteristic of man; this is becoming
to man, otherwise man is not man but
Worse than animal. Such a man is an
honor to the World of humanity, such
a man is the glory of the world of man-
kind, such a man is he who Wins eternal
bliss, such a man is nearer the thresh-
hold of God, such a man is the very
manifestation of eternal happiness. 'We
ask God that He may give to human
souls, justice, whereby they shall be fair
and try to provide for -the poor their
comforts, so that each member of the
race shall pass his life in the utmost of
comfort and Well being. Then shall this
material World be the very paradise of
the Kingdom and this elemental earth
a heavenly state and all the servants of
God shall live in the utmost of joy, hap-
piness and gladness. Vile must all strive
and We must all concentrate all our
thoughts on this in order that such hap-
piness may be obtained by the World
of humanity."
Allaho 'Abha 

