STAR OF THE WEST 91
they have been, are veiled to us by the
imitations, forms, interpretations and di-
visions that have crept in after the lapse
of ages. But now the supreme joy and
the glorious knowledge of the appear-
ance of God is ours. The brief span of
our lives upon earth is contemporaneous
with the most marvelous event that has
ever happened in all the ages. This
event has been the dream and promise
of wise men, prophets and seers, in past
centuries and ages. How glorious to
be living in the day of its fulfillment,
when the whole earth is illumined by the
face of its Lord! By obedience to the
divine commands we become conscious
of the divine power. It is the privilege
of all who hear this Message to become
instruments in the hands of God of
quickening flesh with the spiritual power
and of receiving the peace, harmony and
security of the world of existence.
souls of fire He gives more fire
and to those who are manful, a might
that is more than man's!"
Truly if a man lived upon this earth
one hundred thousand years, no higher
hope, no brighter destiny could be his,
than to be an instrument in the hands
of God of bringing universal happiness
to man. The greatest souls of past ages,
were it possible, would hasten to such
an attainment and the kings of the
earth, could they but know, would
abandon their crowns for affinity with
God in the day When His Kingdom is
glorified by His greatest Manifestation
and the Center of His Covenant is liv-
ing, moving and vibrating among men!
The gift of God is to be quickened by
His Holy Spirit, to know His oneness,
to realize His singleness, to be mindful
of His appearance and to characterize
our reality with His attributes. This
is drawing near to God, this is being il-
lumined by His light; this is looking
upon the face of His beauty. This is
the attainment of the station of man.
"This is eternal life and heavenly
honor."
Words of Baha'0'llah
Recited by MRS. AGNES S. PARSONS, of Washington, D. C., at the Second Session
of the Bahai Congress, Sunday afternoon, April 27th,
1919. Stenographically reported.
IT has been our aim to uplift men
through exalted Words unto the Su-
preme Horizon and to prepare them to
hearken unto that which eonduces to
the sanctifying and purifying of the peo-
ples of the World from the strife and
discord resulting from differences in re-
ligions or sects."
friends! In this day the door of
heaven is opened by the key of the
Godly name, the ocean of generosity is
manifested and is rolling before your
faces and the Sun of Providence is shin-
ing and gleaming. Do not be exclusive
nor destroy your most precious time
through the speech of this or that per-
son. Gird up the loins of endeavor and
do your best in training the people of
the world. Do not imagine that the
Cause of God is a cause of opposition,
hatred and Wrath."
"The Son of Greatness hath said that
which is revealed from the heaven of
Will in this Supreme Manifestation is
to "unite the people in love and friend-
ship toward all. The people of Baha
who have drunk the pure wine of reality
must associate with all the World with a
perfect spirit of joy and fragrance and
remind them of that which is for the
benefit of all. This is the commandment
of the wronged one to his saints and
sincere ones."
people of the earth! Make not the
religion of God a cause of vairiance
among you. Verily of a truth, it was
revealed for the unifying of the whole
wor1d."

