STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE \/Vest!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, 7'irinness.'
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE Wnsr, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the West, they may become informed with the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
STAR OF THE WEST FOUNDATION
Northeastern States: Hoornn HARRIS. Western States: HELEN S. 
Souylhcirn States: JOSEPH H. HANNEN. Dominion of Canada: MAY MAXWELL.
Central States: ALBERT VAIL, CARL SCHEFFLER.
Editorial tafi': ALBERT R. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Me1nbe1': MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
v01. 10  Kalamat 1:75 
Allah '0 'Abha!
The STAR on THE has "a place in the Sun" amid the galaxy of Bahai
institutioiis founded in the center of America.
The cry of "Ya-Baha-el-Abba!" arises from the hearts of those who were
instrumental in founding it.
For nine years, it has been like a small tree in the garden of the Cause, more
or less overshadowed by other important institutions. But the
sustaining power of God and the bounty of BArnt'o'LLAn descending in the
Tablets and WVords of Abdul--Baha unveiled at the recent Convention and
Congress--it is illumined by the Orb of the Covenant.
Stunned by this sudden blaze of light, We are slowly responding to its
radiance.
It will be noted that the first expression of development is found in the
endeavor to arrange the cover and first part of the issue to interest strangers,
the middle to interest teachers and friends, and the latter part to be for the
Persian section as formerly.
At the Second Bahai Teaching Convention of the Central States, held at
Chicago, May 23rd-25th, 1919, the STAR or THE WEST offered certain suggestions
regarding its development. Among them was, that a representative from every
section of the American continent be invited to become a member of its founda-
tion for enlargement. It Was deemed advisable by the editors and publishers
that nine Bahais constitute this foundation: Five to be in the Central States
at Chicago, because published t.here-the three constituting the present staff

