STAR OF THE WEST 325
the Symbolical dates in the 8th and 12th
chapter in Daniel and the'11th and 12th
chapter in Revelation upon this point,
that is, have taken each day for a year.
But this meaning has nothing to do
with the "resurrection after three days"
spoken of by His Holiness Christ.
As the fourth meaning of tl1e Word
"day," it is applied to one thousand
years, and is called the "Lordly Day."
This point is alluded to in the 8th verse
of the 3rd chapter of the Second Epistle
of Peter the Apostle.
It is clearly revealed in some of the
holy books thus: "Verily, one day with
the Lord is as a thousand years of those
which ye compute." To this applica-
tion the Millennium of Christ spoken of
in Revelation has reference; for the
spiritually minded believe that in every
one thousand years the World is renewed
and the Sun of Truth dawns. The laws,
cycles and conditions, even languages,
undergo a manifest change. This appli-
cation of the Word "day" has likewise
no connection With the ,resurrection
of Christ after "three days."
Minutes of the Eleventh Annual Mashrekol-Azkar
Convention
Held in New York City at the Hotel McAlpin, April 28-30, 1919.
FIR-ST sEss1oN_Apmt 2amTemporary Chairman; ALFRED E. LUNT, Permanent
Chairman.
CHARLES Mason Remey, President
of the Executive Board of the Bahai
Temple Unity, opened the meeting, with
prayer.
He then said: "After having gathered
here during the last few days at this
Congress, I think we all feel the coming
confirmation in these gatherings as we
come together in our so-called business
session, and as We put into practice these
commands Which have come from Abdul-
Baha, We Will then receive the greatest
victory and confirmation, because We
know that there are different kinds of
confirmation-~When We take a mental
stand, or when We turn our hearts to
Abdul-Baha, there is a certain confirma-
tion which comes, and When We begin
to obey and to speak the holy Words,
there comes a still greater confirmation,
and then When, in addition to that, We
begin to put into action the things he
is telling us to do, there comes the
greatest confirmation of all, and I think
We feel and realize that the responsibil-
ities 'of this moment are very great,
because we are in the 'eleventh hour'
of the Covenant, and surely 110W We are
going to work to realize these things
under his guidance and under his in-
spiration.
believe the first order of business
in the Convention is the election of a
temporary chairman, so nominations for
the temporary chairmanship of the C011-
vention are now in order."
Dr. Frederick WV. D'Evelyn of San
Francisco, was nominated temporary
Chairman. There being no other nomi-
nation, on motion duly made and
seconded, Dr. D'Evelyn was unani-
mously elected temporary Chairman.
Dr. D'Evelyn assumed the chair, and
said:
"Friends, this is perhaps the most
critical moment in our Bahai matters
that We have yet reached and it Will be
very desirable that each one of us recog-
nize our personal privilege and our per-
sonal responsibility during this'confer-
ence. There are great things expected
of us, for unto us a Charter has been
given, and when the session closes let
us go back to our respective homes bear-
ing great fruits with us.
"There must be no uncertainty, there
must be no false chords struck, and by
no means is it an exaggeration to say

