80 STAR OF THE WEST
Strive, therefore, that the light of the oneness of the world of humanity
may be made resplendent, that misunderstanding among the religions and races
of the World may be eliminated, that the nether world may reflect the realm
on high and the Sun of Truth may shine over all regions.
Upon thee be El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, February 1, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)
"Praise be to God! In New York the divine believers
are united and agreed."
TABLET TO JULIET THOMPSON
To the maid-servant of God, Miss Juliet
'1'hompson--Upon her be greeting and
praise!
He is God!
thou beloved daughter of the King-
dom!
Thy letter was received. It contained
the most great glad is,
praise be to God, in New York the
divine believers are united and agreed.
For my heart there is no greater happi-
ness than the unity and concord of the
friends. The progress of the world of
humanity and the illumination of the
hearts and lives of the people are realized
through unity and agreement and the
promotion of the Word of God. Dif-
ference destroys the foundation of the
divine edifice, causing coldness amongst
the souls and the lethargy of all the
active members. I hope that, day by
day, this bounty may become more re-
vealed in New York. Truly, I say, if
the believers of God become united to-
gether with heart and soul, in a short
while they will shine forth like unto
the sun; they will obtain a joy and hap-
piness the splendor of which will be
cast upon all the regions of America.
Thou hast written that Mr. Vail, Mr.
Ives and Mr. Horace Holley have
loosened eloquent tongues and in the
explanation of the divine teachings they
deliver fluent speeches. This news also
gave the utmost pleasure and delight.
Convey my longing greeting to the
reverend minister whose name you men-
tion in the letter and deliver to him this
my message:
thou dear friend! A wise farmer
scatters his seeds in rich, productive
soil. Those pure seeds are no other than
the new, heavenly teachings and the
rich soil is the hearts of the chosen ones.
Become thou a heavenly farmer. Do not
sow the seeds in barren soil. These
variant and confusing thoughts have no
results and produce no fruit. The time
is spent without a crowning glory. Con-
sider that millions of leaders of thought
have come to this World and have ded-
icated their lives to" the propagation of
different schools of ideas, yet they ob-
tained no result but the Apostles of His
Holiness Christ scattered such seeds that
up to this date they are gathering many
harvests. There is no greater example
than this.
Convey longing greeting on my be-
half to each and all the friends.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
June 29th, 1916.)

