72 STAR OF THE WEST
are you going to do? Are you going
to take a hand in this divine campaign?
Now you are witnessing its birth. The
time will soon come when you will have
to work for its realization with all the
power and energy that God has given
thee."
These words were uttered over two
years ago and on that day little did I
realize that I would be here, standing
before you and talking, taking an hum-
ble part in the inauguration of this
great campaign of our Supreme Gen-
eral.
On another occasion he said:
"The believers must arise in perfect
unity in teaching the Cause of God and
grasping each other's hands be engaged
in the diffusion of the fragrances of
God, and know of a certainty that the
confirmations of His Holiness 
LLAH shall descend upon them.
hope that the Northeastern States,
especially New York, may attain to the
utmost state of perfection in the Cause
of God, and in the matter of teaching
and the promotion of the Word of God
they may precede the friends of other
parts. New York is the first and great-
est city of the western hemisphere and
the numberless passengers who come to
America, come or pass through this
city. Therefore, its important position
is quite secure and must be taken into
consideration. The friends of this city
must be in the utmost love and amity,
so that their unity may serve as an ex-
ample to the other states.
"When thou art standing in their
midst, tell them:
"The bounties of the Kingdom of
God are great. The glances and favors
of the Blessed Perfection are with you;
the invisible cohorts are your support.
Now step forward in this field of teach-
ing. Then shall you see the greatness
of results. Do not turn your faces
away because of any difliculties and op-
positions. The greater the difficulties
the greater must be your firmness and
steadfastness. Then you shall observe
that the fame of the Cause will be more
widely spread and the confirmations of
the Kingdom of Abha appearing with
greater effulgence. Hence, you must,
first of all, arise in teaching the Cause
and calling the people to the manifesta-
tion of the Kingdom, so that God's as-
sistance may encircle you from all sides.
Should you not render this service and
should you not win this goal in the field
of action, others coming after you will
accomplish this work. Yet it is my
hope that in this age you may become
assisted in rendering these great serv-
ices."
It is hoped that the delegates and
friends from these parts will realize
their great responsibility, for they have
a great task before them. It is not the
work twenty
years but for a long stretch of years.
It is indeed a divine responsibility to
be called upon to reach a population of
more than twenty-one millions or nearly
one-fourth of the inhabitants of the
United States. Think of New York and
its five millions, Philadelphia one mil-
lion and a half, Boston with its seven-
hundred thousand, adding to this the
thrifty inhabitants of hundreds of New
England towns, Pittsburgh with its
half-million, Rochester two hundred and
fifty thousand--thus I may go on enum-
erating all the important centers of in-
dustries in these nine states. I-Iow are
you going to teach these millions of
people about the principles of the one-
ness of humanity, the brotherhood of
the races, and the love of God as re-
vealed in the writings of 
and Abdul-Baha?

