STAR OF THE TVEST 13
understandings among all the parties may vanish and the human world may
become the mirror of the Kingdom of God on which the lights of consciousness
shine. Convey thou my greeting and longings to the House of Spirituality. . .
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, January 10, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)
JESSIE REVELL
To the maid-servant of God, Miss Jessie Revell, Philadelphia, her be
greeting and praise!
He Is God!
thou beloved maid-servant of God! A
Thy letter was received. Thou hast wished and asked for help and assist-
ance. As thy purpose is right and thy aim service to the world of humanity,
the propagation of the light of truth and the abandomnent of the superstitions
of the nether World, undoubtedly divine confirmations shall encompass thee and
thou shalt be assisted and confirmed.
Convey my love and my kindness to thy respected mother and likewise to
thy brothers and sisters. Present my considerable respects to Mrs. Isabella D.
Brittingham and similarly to Mr. Paine, Mr. and Mrs. Walter Bowen and their
children.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAs.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, Haifa, Palestine, December 30, 1918.)
ISABEL CHAMBERLAIN
To the maid-servant of God, Isabel Chamberlain, Boston, her be
El-Abha!
Is God!
thou beloved maid-servant of God!
Thy letter was received and its contents revealed the fact that the friends,
in perfect energy and vitality are engaged in the propagation of heavenly teach-
ings. This news has caused intense joy and gladness, for to every era is a
spirit; the spirit of this illumined era is the body of the teachings of His Holi-
ness For these lay the foundation of the Oneness of the world
of humanity and promulgate universal brotherhood. They are founded upon
the unity of science and religion and upon the investigation of Truth. They
uphold the principle that religion must be the cause of amity, union and har-
mony among men. They establish the equality of both sexes and propound
economic principles, i. the felicity of individual beings. They diffuse uni-
versal education that every soul may as much as possible have a share of knowl-
edge and abrogate and nullify religious, racial, political, patriotic and economic
prejudices, and so on and so forth. Those teachings that are disseminated
throughout the Epistles and Tablets are the cause of the illumination and the
life of the world of humanity. Whoever promulgates them he will verily be
assisted by the Kingdom of God.
His Eminence, the President of the Republic, His Honor Dr. Wilson is

