STAR OF THE WEST 135
Friends were also present from River-
ton, New Haven, Bridgeport, Boston,
Pittsburgh and Chicago. One hundred
friends attended the evening meeting in
the home of Mr. and Mrs. J. O. Wilhelm.
Roy O. VVilhelm presided at both meet-
ings.
Abdul-Baha said of his feast in 1912:
"This gathering has no peer or likeness
upon the surface of the earth. This
outward meeting is a prototype of the
inner and complete spiritual meeting.
Hundreds of thousands of meetings shall
be held to commemorate such an assem-
bly as this and the very Words I utter to
you on this occasion shall be reiterated
by them in the ages to come."
Friends in the afternoon, visited the
Bourgeois home near the grove where
they were inspired by the marvelously
beautiful model of the Mashrekol-Azkar
temple which Mr. Bourgeois has design-
ed. This model is full of a new splen-
dor which is brought by the using of
curves. It is the geometrical line of
the starry heavens and the wonderful
combinations of line create a living
tracery as the pictures of life in activity.
It also gives the impression of fire flame,
which is the symbol of the greatest
aspiration. No one has attempted to
describe this great new art which gives
the essence of all religious art of the
past, uniting it harmoniously with a new
light which symbolizes well the Bahai
teachings. All are impressed with awe
and reverence when they behold this
model. Some who do not know the
teachings when they see the temple
model instinctively exclaim, am 011
holy ground."
An artist attended the feast a few
moments and the next day was so in-
spired by the spirit of the place she
came again to paint it. Without know-
ing much about the Revelation and noth-
ing of the temple with its circles and
curves, she instinctively started painting
her picture in circles, something she had
never done before. The principal fea-
ture of her beautiful canvas is its
pathway of light. She did not know
that Abdul-Baha had walked this path
but she said: do not know Why, I
feel must make this a pathway of light
and glorious sunshine,"
Proposed World tour of Abdul-Baha
Letter from Shoghi Rabbani--Tablet recently revealed for the Bahais of
the British Isles--~Tablet to Lotfullah Hakim, London.
LETTER FROM SHOGHI RABBANI
TO LOTFULLH HAKIM.
Haifa, Palestine,
May 8, 1919.
My dear brother in the love of El-Baha:
This long silence that I have assumed
lately and this interruption of corre-
spondence with you on my part has been
solely due to a great pressure of work
in connection with the dictation and
translation of Tablets. This, however,
has not by any means prevented me
from remembering you all this time,
particularly during the blessed days of
Rizwan which Abdul-Baha passed with
his friends on Mount Carmel in the ut-
most fragrance and spirituality. I have
received your kind letter dated April
17th, enclosing the poem of Rudyard
Kipling, for which I heartily thank you.
The packages you have sent to the Mas-
ter, enclosing supplications from the
friends in England, dated January 2-4lth
and April 17th, have been received as
well as the pictorial paper you have
been sending every week.
The Master has been quite busy of late
and has revealed many, many Tablets
to the friends in America, England,
France, Switzerland, Corsica, Germany,

