STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 10 Sultan l, 75 (January 19, 1920) No. 17
Unveiling oi the Divine Plan for the Islands of the Sea
Tableti' of ABDUL-BAHA read at the Seventh Session of the Eleventh Annual
Mashrekol-Azkar Convention and Bahai Congress held in McAlpin,
Hotel, New York City, April 26-30, 1919.
TABLET
To the believers and the maid-servants of the Merciful of the Bahai Assemblies
a11d Meetings in the United States a11d Canada!
He is God!
ye real Bahais of America!
Praisebe to His Highness tl1e desired One, that ye have become confirmed
in the promotion of divine teachings in that vast continent, raised the call
of the Kingdom of God in that region and announced the glad-tidings of the
Manifestation of the Lord of Hosts and His Highness the promised One. Thanks
be unto the Lord that ye have become assisted and confirmed in this aim.
This is purely through the confijrmations of the Lord of Hosts and the
breaths of the Holy Spirit. At present your confirmation is not known and
understood. Ere long ye shall observe that each one of you like unto a brilliant
and shining star will diffuse the light of guidance from that horizon and that
ye have become the cause of the eternal life to the inhabitants of America.
Consider; The station and the confirmation of the apostles in the time of
Christ was not known, and no one looked on them with the feeling of importance
rather, they persecuted and ridiculed them. Later on it became evident
what crowns studded with the brilliant jewels of guidance Were placed on the
heads of the apostles, Mary Magdalene and Mary the mother of John.
Likewise your confirmation is not known at the present time. I hope that
ere long it may throw at mighty reverberation through the pillars of the earth.
Therefore, it is the hope of Abdul-Baha that just as ye are confirmed and assisted
on the continent of America, ye may also be confirmed and assisted on other
continents of the globe ;--that is, ye may carry the fame of the Cause of God to
Tablet to the Assemblies of the United States and Canada was
revealed on Tuesday morning, April 11, 1916, in Bahjee, near the blessed Tomb
of Editors.

