STAR OF THE WEST 27
son) in great gatherings and you have
read them. His Highness the President,
explained his fourteen points in these
great meetings, that they are the cause
of progress and prosperity of the World
of humanity. Twelve of these fourteen
points were recorded in the divine Tab-
lets fifty years ago. They were printed
and most of them were translated and
distributed. Consider how the law of
God is being spread by ideal forces.
The ascension of some of the friends
to t.he infinite realm was the cause of
sorrow to these Wandering ones. Yet for
those blessed souls, their departure was
the cause of joy and happiness. The
prisoner became free and the victim of
deprivation hastened to the meeting-
place of manifestation in the invisible
world.
In regard to the book of the illiterate
awadii there is no significance to it
whatsoever, because every just one who
reads such writings will instantly know
the truth and will understand that these
statements emanate from the world of
doubts. This book is not from the com-
position of the illiterate awad, it was
published in his name according to in-
 
'*Mohammed awad Gazvini lives in Acca
and was well known among the early
believers but now is a violator.
structions from the center of violation.
Likewise, other books that have been dis-
tributed are composed by the center of
violation but known in the name of
different persons. Let us le.ave aside
this hearsay; become rejoiced in the fra-
grances of God and act according to
the blessed commands. In the Epistle
of the Kings, (BAHA '0 quoted the
following verse: "My heart is depressed
by men of weak elements! My hands
desire to reach the Lion of God"* and

Thanks be unto God! Their honors
Khansi' are safe and guarded under the
shadow of divine protection and engaged
in completing their studies. When the
way becomes open and traveling facili-
tated, they will return to those regions
with utmost longings.
Convey on my behalf, the greeting of
the yearning one unto all the friends
and unto each individually.
Upon thee be El-Baha-el-Abha.
(Revealed March 23, 1919. Translated
by Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi, April, 1919).
*Tl1e "Lion of God" was a title given
to Ali the brave son-in-law of the
Prophet Mohammed.
tRostem was a great Persian hero.
iSons of Agha Mohammed Bakir-Khan
at Beirut College.
Tablets of Abdul-Baha recently revealed
(Continued from page 19)
Convey on 1ny behalf to the two respected personages, Mr. Richard Mayer
and Mrs. Ledyard the utmost love and kindness. I beg and supplicate to the
divine Kingdom and beseech for these two purified souls limitless favor that they
may sprout in the Paradise of Abha on the banks of the Water' of Life and grow
and flourish by the outpouring of the Cloud of Bounty.
The designs of the Mashrekol-azkar have been perused. All are good. That
which is chosen by the Committee of the Temple is best. The report which
thou hadst written of thy travel with Mr. Latimer to the various parts of the
world, to Honolulu, Hawaii, and other regions has been noted. Praise be to
God, thou has been assisted in such a great service.
Upon thee be El-Abhal
(Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA ABBAS.
(Haifa, Palestine, January 8, 1919.)

