STAR OF THE IVEST I25
Fifth: The first. Mashrekol-Azkar in America was instituted in Chicago,
and this honor and distinction is infinite in value. Undoubtedly out of this
Mashrekol-Azlzar thousands of other Mashrekol-Azkars Will be born.
Likewise the General Annual Conventions; the foundation of the STAR or
'I'llI~] Wnsr; the Publishing Society, for the publication of books and Tablets
and their circulation in all parts of America, and the preparations now under
Way for the celebration of the Golden Centenary Anniversary of the Kingdom
of God. I hope that this jubilee and this exhibition may be celebrated in the
utmost perfection; so that the call to the Word of Unity: "There is no God
but One God, and all the Messengers, from the beginning to the $eal of the
l'rophets (Mohammed), were sent on the part of the True one!" may be raised;
the flag of the oneness of the World of humaliity be unfurled, the melody of
universal peace may reach the ears of the East and the 'West; all the paths
may be cleared and straightened, all the hearts may be attracted to the Kingdom
of God, the tabernacle of unity be pitched on the apex of America, the song of
the love of God may exhilarate and rejoice all the nations and peoples, the
surface of the earth may become the eternal paradise, the dark clouds may be
dispelled and the Sun of Truth may shine forth with the utmost intensity.
ye friends of God! Exert ye with heart and soul, so that association,
love, unity and agreement be obtained between the hearts, all the aims may be
into one aim, all the songs become one song and the power of the
Holy Spirit may become so overwhelmingly victorious as to overcome all the
forces of the world of nature. 'Work! This is the great Work, should ye become
assisted therein. Thus America may become the fulcrum of merciful suscept-
ibilities, and the throne of the Kingdom of God be established upon earth with
the greatest joy and majesty.
This phenomenal world will not remain in an condition even
for a short while. Second after second it undergoes change and trallsfonnation.
Every foundation will finally become collapsed; every glory and splendor wiil
at last vanish and disappear; but the Kingdom of God is eternal and the heavenly
{Sovereignty and Majesty will stand firm everlastingly. Hence in the estimation
of a Wise man the mat in the Kingdom of God is preferable to the throne of
the government of the World.
Continually my ear and are turned toward the Central States; per-
chance a melody from some blessed souls may reach my ears, souls who are the
dawning-places of the love of God, the stars of the horizon of sanctifieation
and ho]iness--souls who will illumine this dark universe and quicken to life this
dead world. The joy of Abdul-Baha depends upon this! I hope that you may
become confirmed therein.
Consequently, those souls Who are in a condition of the utmost severance,
purified from the defects of the World of nature, sanctified from attachment to
this earth, vivified with the breaths of Eternal luminous hearts, with
heavenly spirit, with at-traction of consciousness, With celestial magnanimity,

