260 STAR OF THE WEST
In Praise of the "Greatest Branch"
Written by MIRZA ABUL FAZL, November 24, and read in Washington, D. C.,
November 26, 1902, at the celebration of the anniversary of the Feast
of the Appointment of The Center of the Covenant.
In the Name of God, the Most Holy, the Abha!
YE beloved of God and His
0 friends! Praise and glorification
behoove the holy court of the True
One, the Exalted, Who has, in this great
age and Wonderful cycle, primarily
caused the shining star of the Blessed
Being of the First Point (The Bab) to
appear like unto the beaming orb of the
morn from the horizon of the World; has
rejoiced and revived the creatures
through the glad tidings of the advent
of the new Day, and the Manifestation
of the Glorious Lord. Praise be to God!
who subsequently caused the Sun of the
most holy Beauty of El-Abha (Exalted
is His Supreme Name!) to dawn forth
in the midst of the heaven of power and
grandeur. After the disappearance of
these two Lights a third Splendor be-
came manifest from the Sinai of Epiph-
any, and the Orb of the Covenant
shone forth from the firmament of beati-
tude, the apex of exaltation and glory,
with the most marvelous effulgence.
Through these three shining lights, the
darkness of the nations, superstitions,
will be dispelled, the dust of discord of
the people Will be subsided by the show-
ers of mercy descending from the
clouds of divine providence; the banner
of peace will be hoisted; the mortal
World will be clothed in the excellent
robe of ideal humanity; the bond of
perfect love Will be strengthened among
contradictory nations and repugnant
peoples; and the World, east and West,
will become the Paradise of El-Abha
and as a garden bringing forth fruits
of divine grace. Vi-Ye, therefore, praise
Him in such glorification from which the
lights of sincerity may gleam forth and
scintillate throughout ages and epochs;
and We thank Him in such sanctification
from Which the pure fragrances of meek-
ness and humbleness will be diffused
and exhaled with the duration of nights
and days!
ye beloved of God and His friends!
This great Day has been assigned to the
blessed name of the Lord of the World,
the sign of pre-existence, the standard
of divine victory among nations, the
Light of the heaven and the earth, the
point around which the Supreme Con-
course revolves, in the kingdom of
Names -- His Holiness, ABDUL - BAHA
(May the life of the creatures be a
sacrifice to him)! Ye are all attracted
to his love, united in his servitude, over-
shadowed under his banner, and are as-
sembled together in this excellent meet-
ing, With rejoiced hearts and shining
faces, speaking the praise of the most
holy beauty of El-Abha, and uttering
the glorification of the Center of His
Covenant, His Holiness, ABDUL-BAHA.
How can this servant duly praise and
thank God, the Exalted, who hath
enabled him to make his tongue fluent
in glorifying the Center of the Cove-
nant in this Wonderful meeting, in the
presence of His chosen ones and friends'?
Again I praise Him for this Wondrous
confirmation and glorious success.
Verily, He is the Mighty, the Praise-
worthy!
How can this Weak one befittingly
glorify and sanctify a most holy per-
sonage with Whose name all the ancient
and heavenly books are adorned and
Who has been announced and prophesied,
by the tongue of the prophets and chosen
ones, from the beginning to the end'?
Every prophetic page seems like unto a
heaven, studded with the beaming stars
and shining pearls of the praises of the
Orb of the Universe; or like unto a rose-
garden decked and embellished by the

