230 STAR OF THE WEST
Recent Tablets from Abdul~Baha to American Bahais
CORINN TRUE
To the maid-servant of God, Mrs. Cor-
inne True, Chicago, Illinois-Upon
her be E1-Abha!
He Is God!
0 thou who art firm in the Covenant!
Your numerous letters have been re-
ceived. The question of the Mashrekol-
Azkar is of supreme importance and of
great results. It is the first edifice to be
placed in that country and--Praise be to
the Almighty friends of God, all,
from all parts are contributing. Num-
erous designs for its erection have been
drafted. One of these designs must be
chosen in the Convention.
His honor, Mr. Albert Vail is pre-
pared and has capacity for great ser-
vices. From the favors of God I hope
that he may enkindle in the globe of
that land a light that shall illumine with
its rays of guidance the vicinity and
the surrounding regions.
The organization of joint assemblies
for White and colored people shall mani-
fest the oneness of the World of human-
ity; shall dissipate totally and eradicate
ignorant racial fanaticism, .and shall
satisfy all from the fountain of the
water of Life.
\Ve have cabled Mr. Remey to post-
pone his tour, for his presence, in these
days, in America is necessary. In real-
ity, he has been and is engaged in the
utmost power in service and I love him
infinitely, and verily he merits this love
Of Abdul-BahaConvey on my behalf the ut-
most love and kindness to Miss Jean
Masson for she has expended the utmost
efiort in Writing the article in the news-
paper. She serves thereby the Kingdom
of God and promulgates divine teach-
ings. Deal ye with love and kindness
with Mirza Ahmad Sohrab.
God wishes love, unity and harmony.
Upon this exert ye all eficrt. This is
the cause of the glory of God; this is the
cause of drawing near to the court of
the Almighty, and this is the cause of en-
trance into the Kingdom of God.
Convey on my behalf, to Dr. Zia
(Bagdadi) the utmost love and kindness.
In my estimation, he is very nearhis honor Agha Muhammad
Mustafa.
Upon thee be El-Baha-el-Abha!
(Signed) .ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, Hai-
fa, Palestine, May 23rd, 1919.
ROY C. WVILHELM
To his honor Mr. Roy C. Vllilhelm, New
York, N. him be 
LLAH El-Abhal
Is God!
thou who art firm in the Covenant
and the Testament!
Thy letters dated March 22nd and
29th, as Well as thy card of April 11th,
Were received. The organization of the
meeting representative of different de-
nominations in New York, at which all
religions and sects had affiliated togeth-
er in the utmost love and harmony, was
conducive to extreme joy.
My hope is that meetings of such na-
ture may often be organized so that rep-
resentatives of all the different races,
religions, sects and countries of the
World may in the utmost love embrace
one another, that no trace of bigotry and
of ignorant prejudice, of obstinacy and
rancour may remain, and the pavilion
and canopy of the oneness of the
World of humanity may be raised upon
the apex of the world. For all men are
the sheep of God and divine providence
the kind and loving Shepherd.
Similarly the meeting that had been
called at Washington, my hope is that
remarkable consequences may result
therefrom. . . .
Upon thee be Baha-El-Abhal
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Haifa, Palestine, May 25th, 1919.)

