STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the postofiice at Chicago, 111., under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Editorial Staff.' ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
I I TERMSI $1.59 per year; 10 cents per Icjopy I
Make Money Orders Payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add sufficieiit to cover the bank exchange.
eddress all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, I11., U. S. A,
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou Star of the West! HE IS con!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clirne. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
(Signed) 
Vol. 10 ]amal 1, 75 (April Z8, 1919) No. 3
News from the Holy Land
LETTER FROM SHOGHI RABBANI The members of the household ever
Haifa, Palestine,
March 17, 1919.
Mrs. Corinne True, Chicago.
My dear sister in El-Abba:
Although the recollection of your face
and of your visit to the Holy Land is
thoroughly effaced from my memory, yet
What enkindles the fire of interest
Within me and impels me to drop you
lines is the glorious mention I hear
of' your services at the Threshold of
Abha. Your supplications, your keen
interest in the Bahai Temple and the
remarks and comments of the Beloved
upon your Work offer ample justification.
I am so glad to correspond with you
and Write to you on a card, trusting it
will reach you sooner.
Your kind letter, dated January 27,
1919, Was received and imparted intense
joy. Your supplication since the last
Tablet (the first revealed for you since
the liberation of Haifa), dated February
7th, has been received and will soon se-
cure for you another Tablet. I hope
you will soon receive your Tablet of
February 7th.
remember you and pray for you and
convey to you their most Wonderful
Abha greeting.
The doors of communication with Per-
sia. and India are open and supplications
are constantly pouring in. The Beloved
from morn till eve, even at midnight is
engaged in revealing Tablets, in sending
forth his constructive, dynamic thoughts
of love and principles to a sad and dis-
traoted world. In most of the Tablets
he lays great stress upon unity, love and
firmness in the Covenant.
Awaiting your good news,
Yours in El-Abha,
Shogivi.
LETTER FR-OM MAJOR W. TUDOR-
POLE
Cairo, Egypt,
April 8, 1919.
Dear Mrs. True:
I was pleased to receive your kind note
of March 6, 1919, and I am only too
glad to have been of service to the Mas-
ter during trying and critical times.
You will have seen an account of my
February visit to Haifa, since when I

