STAR OF THE WEST 95
regions in order to intrigue, to sow the
seeds of sedition and to create difference
and enmity. The blessed souls, however,
will undoubtedly carry with them a let-
ter of recommendation from me.
I pray God that thy respected wife
and the children may, under the shadow
of the Covenant, be confirmed in the re-
alization of their highest wish.
His honor Mirza Ahmad Sohrab has
undoubtedly reached that country by
this time and is associating with you in
the utmost love. Convey to him, on my
behalf, greeting and kindness.
Concerning thy mother, Mineola, Miss-
es Fanny and Alma Knobloch, I suppli-
cate for them the assistance and the favor
of God. Convey to them on my behalf
the utmost kindness.
Upon thee be Baha-el-Abha!
Signed ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
April 26th, 1919. House of Abdul-
Baha, Haifa, Palestine.)
"The Covenant of God shall remain stable and secure"
RECENT TABLET TO ROY 0. WILHELM
To his honor Mr. Roy iWilhelm, New
York City.-Upon him be 
LLAH El-Abha!
He is God!
thou who art firm in the Covenant.
Your numerous letters have been re-
ceived and their contents noted. In
every age and cycle, in the time of
Moses, of His Holiness Christ and of
His Holiness Mohammed as well as after
these sacred Manifestations, some people
of evil intention have been found and
have sown the seeds of discord and of
sedition. Even after Christ, Arius, the
well-known patriarch, was the cause of
a widespread schism in the Cause of
God and intense agitation among the
believers. His followers numbered even
three million, and he as well as his
successors exerted the utmost effort in
order to produce a great split and a
widespread commotion in the religion
of God. But eventually the power of
Christ exterminated and utterly de-
stroyed them all to the extent that no
trace (of them) has been left. These
people are like the froth that gathers
on the surface of the sea; a wave surges
from the ocean of the Covenant and
through the power of the Abha King-
dom will cast these foams ashore. In
the Koran it is mentioned: "As to the
foam, it is quickly gone; and as to what
is useful to man, it remaineth on the
earth." These corrupt thoughts that
emanate from personal and evil inten-
tions will all vanish, Whereas the Cov-
enant of God shall remain stable and
secure.
The design that Mr. Bourgeois has
prepared and has indeed striven hard
therein has been received. Blessedness
awaiteth him and a goodly home.
Convey, on my behalf the utmost love
and kindness to thy respected parents.
As it has been previously wired, com-
municate directly with Haifa.
Convey to Miss Lloyd my greeting and
my kindness. I have the utmost longing
for Mr. Bourgeois. In reality, this re-
spected personage is worthy of praise.
You had written concerning the \Ved-
nesday evening gathering which was in
the utmost spirituality. From this dis-
tant region I felt the fragrance of that
meeting. Attach great importance to
the Japanese people. Mrs. Magee should
continually communicate with them. As
to Miss Rude and the aunt of BB. Ed-
sall, convey to them my greeting. . . . .
Thou hadst written that the health of
thy father and mother has improved;
this news has made me Very glad. . . . .
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Aenas.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
April 26th, 1919'. House of Abdul-
Baha, Haifa, Palestine.)

