STAR OF THE TVEST 7
men be as one kindred and one fam-
ily."
Abdul-Baha, the eldest son of BA.trA'o'-
LLAH, and the present leader of the
Bahai Movement, who has millions of
followers throughout the world in Asia,
Africa, Europe and America, traveled
in this country in 1912. He constantly
exhorted the people of the world to
think peace, to talk peace, for, he said,
in a talk given to the students of Stan-
ford University, California, "Europe is
like unto a. powder magazine and one lit-
tle spark shall set all the world aflame,
a11d the time is two years hence."
Abdul-Baha, in 1875, wrote a book en-
titled, The Mysterious Forces of Civili-
zation, in which he states: "Yes, the
true civilization will raise its banner in
the center of the world, when some noble
kings of high ambitions, the bright suns
of the world of humanitarian enthusi-
asm, shall, for the good and happiness
of all the human race, step forth with
firm resolution and keen, powerful minds
and hold a conference on the question
of Universal Peace . . . establish a
union of the states of the world and
conclude a definite treaty . . . which,
verily, would be a treaty of universal
peace and would be accounted sacred
by all peoples of the earth. It would
be the duty of the united powers of
the world to see that this great treaty
be strengthened and should endure.
In such a universal treaty the lim-
its of the borders and boundaries of
every state should be fixed and the
customs and the laws of every gov-
ernment; all the agreements and the
affairs of state and the arrangemeiits
between the various governments should
be propounded and settled in due form;
the size of the armaments for each
government should likewise be definitely
agreed upon, at any rate the basis of
this powerful alliance should be so
fixed that if one of the states after-
wards broke any of the articles of it the
rest of the nations of the world would
rise up and destroy it. Yes, the whole
human race would band its forces to-
gether to exterminate that nation."
The nations would require but a few
soldiers as a means of assuring the safe-
ty of the state, punishing the wicked
and rebellious and preventing the growth
of civil sedition.
I have been asked by the friends of
Abdul-Baha in Helena to write you
asking this correction and have the
truth known.
Fred Zllortensevi,
Helena, Mont.
Tablets of Abdul-Baha recently revealed
(Continued from page 3)
MARION JACK
To the maid-servant of God, Miss Jack, Chicago, her be greeting and
I
praise .
He Is God!
thou who art the well-wisher of mankind!
Thy letter was received and was perused most attentively; its contents were
exceedingly pleasing. Thy wish, as well as that of the friends of America, is
that I may undertake a voyage to that land; but my heart is there and I am
always thinking of them; and as they associate and affiliate in the utmost of
love and union therein, my heart and spirit reside. Entertain no doubts what-
ever for I am linked w_ith you spiritually even though separate in body. Vile
are all under the shade of the unicolored pavilion of the world of humanity,
but heedlessness forms a veil and an obstacle. When it is removed the veil will
be rent asunder and we shall see one another gathered up together and present.

