STAR OF THE WEST 137
unto a building resting on a solid foun-
dation.
This World-war has come to an end.
We trust that at least it will lead to the
preliminaries of universal peace, just
as it is plainly foretold in the blessed
Tablets.
The greatest means for its realization
is in the entreaty and supplication of the
friends to the Kingdom of God. Ye
should all implore and pray, supplicate
and beseech that, through the grace of
God, this World-consuming War may be
changed into a world-illuminating
peace. It is certain that the entreaty
and supplication of these servants Will
be acceptable at the divine threshold,
for We Wish nought save the tranquillity
of the world of existence; purpose noth-
ing but unity among men and aim at
nothing save the eradication of ignorant
prejudices, so that all religions a.nd
races, embracing one another, may gath-
er under the shade of the pavilion of the
oneness of God.
ye sons and daughters of the King-
dom! The most pressing need today
is harmony and union among the friends
of God. Strive your utmost for this.
Not until this intimate unity is realized
can universal harmony be established.
Therein lies the reason of Christ's
saying: "Ye are the salt of the earth;
but if the salt have lost its savor, Where-
with shall it be salted." Exert ye a great
deal of effort on this momentous ques-
tion.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi R-abbani, Janu-
ary 28, 1919. House of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)
ii?
RECENT TABLET TO LOTFULLAH
HAKIM.
His honor Mirza Lotfullah Hakim, Lon-
do11--Upon him be El-
Abha!
He is God!
The letter which thou hadst written
on December 16, 1918, was received.
Praise be to God, it was an evidence of
the comfort and the spirituality of the
friends of God and therefore infinite
joy and satisfaction ensued.
Concerning the gathering on the 30th
of November at the house of the maid-
servant of God, Roseh, at which ye
composed and prepared a letter; as the
contents of the letter are known and
noted, its despatch at present is unneces-
sary. Postpone the time of its forward-
ing.
Praise ye God, that He hath assisted
ye in calling a meeting in the utmost of
union and love, in endeavoring to pro-
mote rest and comfort for the world of
mankind, in doing away with dispute
and wrangling and in converting mis-
understanding among religions to full
understanding and good will; so that all
races and nations may affiliate in the ut-
most love.
Convey, on my behalf, the utmost re-
gard and respect to Setareh Khanom
and her daughters, Parvin and Noori,
and present my utmost respect and
greeting to the respected maid-servant
of God, Mrs. Cropper, and similarly to
the maid-servant of God, Roseh, who in-
deed continually and uninterruptedly is
engaged in service to the world of man-
kind; and to Mrs. Stannard, who is the
true maid-servant of the Kingdom and
who is restless day and night.
Mr. George Latimer, of America, who
is in active service, is an illumined, God-
like youth. When released from mili-
tary service he is permitted to present
himself.
Convey, on behalf of Abdul-Baha, infi-
nite longing to Dr. Esslemont. Through
translating the iddcn Words into Espe-
ranto, a copy of which he has sent, he
has in reality served the Kingdom of
God and has likewise rendered a distin-
guished service to the Esperanto lan-
guage. May God confirm him!
Send Professor BroWne's book.
Neither object to nor correspond with
this person. Leave him to himself.

