188 STAR OF THE TVEST
table, and the king ate there with
greater joy, with greater gladness, than
he had ever known. Wishing to reward
that kindness, as he left, he said to his
host, "Come to me any time you are
in trouble and I will grant you any Wish
that you make to me. I am at your
command; my realm is at your service."
So he went back to his home, but re-
membered that table, that hour; he
could not forget it. Then by sad fate,
there were a couple of years when the
harvest failed, when poverty doubled,
poverty struck this son of the desert,
who was in reality a son of God, and
his wife said to him, "What shall we
do, we have nothing to eat," and he
replied, will new go to the king, I
will ask for the fulfillment of his prom-
ise and he will save us."
So, getting on the back of his horse,
he flew across the desert, seeking the
king, seeking salvation, and came upon
the Wrong side of the pathway just on
the day when the king sat there to re-
ward or to kill. The king, knowing
nothing but his own obdurate material,
animal, physical will, said to him,
"Why have you come on this pathway
and on this day. You whom I wished
to reward with every blessing of my
realm, and now I can only give you
death??" Hanzalah, kneeling before
him in dismay, said, "Only grant me
one privilege, then, that I may have a
year to arrange my affairs, and I will
come back to you a year from today
and suffer the penalty that is imposed
upon me?" The king said, cannot
grant you this without a surety; you
know that well. I have you now in my
hands, and how do I know what will
happen if you get out of my hands?"
He was accustomed to physical laws.
He was accustomed to animal passion.
He knew nothing about a spiritual law
which over-rides all that. So the man,
looking about among the courtiers, ask-
ed one and was refused, and then at last
appealed to another so powerfully that
his soul was quiekened, and he said,
will be surety for him on his re-
turn.' So the sheik rode away, not
endowed with great possession,
but to prepare for the death which was
to be his a year from that time. When
that day came, they Watched for him
and watched for him and he did not
come. The king, knowing only the
material law of satisfaction and de-
mand, having never heard of any-
thing else, said: "We must slay his sub-
stitute, nothing will save him," but
nevertheless waited until sunset was
near, and then as the man was brought
forth for execution, suddenly a warrior
was descried, a horseman, on the hori-
zon, and they waited, and he came
nearer and nearer, and finally flung
himself at the feet of the king, and the
king, lost in astonishment, said to him:
"But why are you such a fool, why
have you come back to death when you
had escaped, when you knew very well
that justice would be satisfied by the
sacrifice of your substitute." Then,
lifting his head, Hanzalah said to the
king, "But I could never have rested
with such a conclusion as that. Does
not honor hold a man, and is a physical
life so precious that one would sacrifice
his love of God and his love of his kind
for the sake of such a miserable thing
as the saving of physical existence'?
Why I would gladly give my life, I have
arranged my affairs and I have no fear
of death, it is sweet to me." The king
looked at him with amazement. "You
are not pale, you are not trembling,
you are facing the executioner, and
you are not afraid, how is this? What
upholds you?" And he said, am
the follower of my Lord, I have learned
from him the secret of life, the joy of
existence; long ago I heard the Words of
the Lord Christ, and they gave me
eternal life. How could I fear when
you give me the entrance into that
eternal life? Is not this something to
rejoice over?"
You know how it is with you in this
world. You have gone on in your physi-

