14 STAR OF THE WEST
indeed serving the Kingdom of God for he is restless and strives day and night
that the rights of all men may be kept safe and secure, that even small nation-
alities, like unto big nations may dwell in peace and comfort, under the pro-
tection of right and justice. This purpose; is indeed a lofty one. I trust that
the incomparable Providence will assist and confirm such souls under all con-
ditions.
Upon thee be El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, January 9, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)
Strikes
Abdul-Baha's Words to Mme. Dreyfus-Barney
From American edition Some Answered Queslions. Copyrighted by Laura Dreyfus-Barney.
Published and distributed by the Bahai Publishing Society, Chicago.
OU have questioned me about strikes.
This question is and will be for a
long time the subject of great difficulties.
Strikes are due to two causes. One is
the extreme sharpness and rapacity of
the capitalists and manufacturers; the
other, the excesses, the avidity and ill-
will of the workmen and artisans. It is
therefore necessary to remedy these two
causes.
But the principal cause of these diffi-
culties lies in the laws of the present
civilization; for they lead to a small
number of individuals accumulating in-
comparable fortunes, beyond their needs,
whilst the greater number remains desti-
tute, stripped and in the greatest misery.
This is contrary to justice, to humanity,
to equity; it is the height of iniquity,
the opposite to what causes divine satis-
faction.
This contrast is peculiar to the world
of man: with other creatures, that is to
say with nearly all animals, there is a
kind of justice and equality. Thus in a
shepherd 's flock of sheep, in a troop of
deer in the country, among the birds of
the prairie, of the plain, of the hill or of
the orchard, almost every animal re-
ceives a just share based on equality.
With them such a difference in the means
of existence is not to be found; so they
live in the most complete peace and joy.
It is quite otherwise with the human
species, which persists in the greatest
error, and in absolute iniquity. Con-
sider an individual who has amassed
treasures by colonizing a country for his
profit; he has obtained an incomparable
fortune, and has secured profits and in-
comes which flow like a river, whilst a
hundred thousand unfortunate people,
weak and powerless, are in need of a
mouthful of bread. There is neither
equality nor brotherhood._ So you see
that general peace and joy are destroyed,
the welfare of humanity is partially an-
nihilated, and that collective life is
fruitless. Indeed, fortune, honors, com-
merce, industry are in the hands of some
industrials, whilst other people are sub-
mitted to quite a series of difficulties and
to limitless troubles; they have neither
advantages nor profits, nor comforts, nor
peace.
Then rules and laws should be estab-
lished to regulate the excessive fortunes
of certain private individuals, and limit
the misery of millions of the poor
masses; thus a certain moderation would
be obtained. However, absolute equal-
ity is just as impossible, for absolute
equality in fortunes, honors, commerce,
agriculture, industry would end in a
want of comfort, in discouragement, in
disorganization of the means of exist-
ence, and in universal disappointment;
the order of the community would be
quite destroyed. Thus, there is a great
wisdom in the fact that equality is not

