STAR OF THE WEST 19
fragrant herbs of human perfections spring forth and that land may turn into
a paradise of Eden.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, Haifa, Palestine, December 27, 1918.)
CHARLES MASON REMEY
To his honor, Mr. Charles Mason Remey, Wllashington, D. him be
El-Abha!
He Is God!
thou who art firm in the Covenant!
Since the extinction of the fire of War four successive letters have been
received from you. The utmost happiness they brought for they carried with
them the glad-tidings of the health and Welfare of the friends of God.
Praise be unto God, that throughout this violent storm the Ark of the
Covenant hath attained unto the shore of Salvation. The danger Was imminent
and the occasion for fear and apprehension prepared. The friends in all
regions remained safe and preserved under the shade of divine protection, par-
ticularly in the Holy Land Where the danger and calamities Were infinite and
limitless. Every day brought a new trial and every hour carried With it a
special difficulty. In brief, had not divine protection been extended, existence
for a single day would have been absolutely impossible. This, verily, is one of
the miracles of God that I and the friends in the Holy Land should remain safe
and protected While being held in the strong grip of a group of sanguinary per-
sons.
Prior to the War, numerous letters Were dispatched to America wherein it
was manifestly recorded that a severe commotion was ahead and a great agita-
tion lay in the near future; that the people of the World Would be involved in
crucial danger and affliction, and trying tests Would come to pass; that the pillars
of comfort Would quake from the intensity of commotion and that blessed souls
would shine resplendently like unto the stars of the Supreme Horizon.
Praise be to God, the showers of the blessings of the Blessed Beauty
are abundantly pouring and the grace and bounty of the lov-
ing Lord are complete. At present these gloomy clouds are in the process of dissi-
pation from the horizon of the World. The friends of God must, i11 accordance
With the prescribed directions which have formerly been sent, forget everything,
hasten to different lands and regions and promulgate the divine teachings. For
this blood-thirsty War has made the World of 'mankind tired of life, all ears
eager to hearken to the call of universal peace, to the declaration of the oneness
of the World of humanity, to full understanding, to the annihilation of estrange-
ment and the hoisting of the standard of affection. The majority of the people
are ready to listen to the divine teachings. Opportunity must not be let
slip away for at another occasion such a capacity Will not be found and
endeavor and effort shall be in vain. Today is the day of teaching, for all men
are athirst and divine teachings are as the refreshing Water. Later on, the thirst
shall not remain so severe. Hence one should sieze the opportunity so that pos-
sibly all races and creeds shall unite and this enmity and rancor may vanish
from among men.
(Continued on page 27)

