STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the, nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 10 Kamal l, 75 (August 20, 1919) N0. 9
The Power of the Influence of Baha'o'llah
Address by DR. FREDERICK W. of San Francisco, delivered at the
Fourth Session of the Bahai Congress at Hotel McAlpin, New York City,
Monday afternoon, April 28th, 1919. Stenographically reported.
IS eon!" The Chairman has
referred to the fact that I am
from the West, and I am pleasantly re-
minded of that by the presence of our
veteran and esteemed colleague, Mrs.
Ford. The last time that We sat to-
gether upon the same platform was that
never-to-be-forgotten, morning when,
under the auspices of the Panama-Paci-
fic Exposition, as the morning sun was
driving away the clouds and the mists
from the portals of the Golden Gate,
heralding the advent of a new dawn,
so the Nazareth, the Bethlehem of the
old dispensation, gave place to the Sun
of today, the City of Noor, of the new
Covenant, on that morning quickened
into being and into existence under the
guidance of Abdul-Baha. In magnify-
ing his commands he had revealed to
us a secret of greatness and the first
Bahai Congress became a reality, an in-
strument of God's purpose. Its pot-
ency will be measured only in eternity.
To the man in the street the culminating
success of the modern newspaper is the
headlines, and in the few minutes that
have been allotted to me I am going to
talk to you in headlines, and lest I be
misunderstood, I am going to tell you
the things that you know.
Today, we are told, the world of hu-
manity is inadvertent. We realize it is
at variance. Today no nation, no peo-
ple are confident and at ease, because
confidence and security have passed
away from the world of humanity.
Presidents, kings, labor, capital, sub-
all in danger. The need of
a collective center, where these differ-
ences may be annulled and the oneness
of unity be established, is as urgent as
it is evident. In the world of divinity,
quality and identity are inseparable. No
duality; absolute oneness. The power
and influence of are divine
entities, inseparable, the perfection of
unity. The perfection of unity vocal-
ized, materialized, is the Bahai Massage,
and the Bahai Message is the need of
the world today. When you hear this
acclaim for the first time it would be
very human, it would be pardonable,
if a certain measure of unbidden resent-
ment arose Within you, born into being
by the very assurance of the statement
and by the alleged comprehensiveness
of the claim. That claim is- specific
rather than elaborate; it is centripetal
rather than diffuse. It at one and the
same time breaks down barriers, for to
it they are non-existent, and overcomes
difficulties; because in the onward prog-
ress of its '13I'i11mph they are non-retard-
ing. In its appeal to humanity.'it con-
cedes a universality that makes all the
world kin. If we were asked to classify.
to align the Bahai Message with some

