STAR OF THE WEST 85
Oftimes the Holy Spirit is symbolized
by water, oftimes by fire. The water
and the fire are one. The hearts be-
come afiame with the divine fire. They
are purified by this fire from the dross
of ignorance, superstition and imagina-
tions. Then they can quail'? the water
of knowledge; then they are initiated
into the mysteries of God; then they
can look upon all the created beings
with a divine eye. Yes, through the
divine favor it becomes possible for the
creatures to look upon the other created
beings with the of God. By seeing
with the of God we mean the uni-
versal vision, for the divine gifts and
bounties are universal in their adapt-
ability to human needs. The air we
breathe cannot be confined to any house-
hold. Shall anyone say: "This air shall
exist in my house but not in that of
others?" Or: "This atmosphere shall be
breathed by the people of my country
and not by those of other nations?" The
air is universal because it is the bounty
of God.
I11 like manner the radiance of the
sun is a universal light. We cannot
limit the eiifulgence of that sun. It
shines for all the created beings. It
lights, cheers and warms the universe.
So it is when the Holy Spirit, the Sun of
Truth, arises. This healing influence
penetrates to the utmost parts of the
earth. This bounty flows forth with a
mighty power. It conveys, with the
greatest illumination, the most marvel-
lous happiness, giving to the creatures
the consciousness of the divine. In our
humble acceptance of this bounty we
draw near to God, the Supreme. It is
reflected from the mirror of the hearts.
But in order to know this glorious
is the life of the world
and the healing of the must
know the mystery of God and His ap-
pearance in this World of ours. 'We are
told by Abdul-Baha. that, "The Holy
Spirit is the bounty of God and the
luminous rays from His Manifestation."
It is a light which is not extinguished; it
is a duration that never ends; it is a
life that is never swallowed up by
death; 'it is an honor which is not fol-
lowed by abasement and shame.
Great is the opportunity of the peo-
ple of earth in this marvelous day in
which we are living, to see a new source
of that wonderful power of attraction,
guidance and supreme happiness. In
order to know the mystery of greatness
and the secret of might it is necessary
to draw near to the divine Messenger at
the time of his appearance. Shall we
not accept the fulfillment of the
prophecies of the Holy Books and real-
ize that the day has come which is the
sun of all the days of past centuries
and ages'? The appearance of God
Himself, His light in the world, His
Tabernacle among men, this is the life
of mankind, the true wealth of nations,
the healing of all the people and their
drawing together under the tent of the
oneness of God and the oneness of all
humanity.
Wlien the Bab arose in Persia, creat-
ing in that far-off country, by the fire of
his word, a moral and spiritual awaken-
ing, the power of that word or spirit
was illustrated and proved by its at-
tracting energy in the lives of the peo-
ple whom he trained and educated.
When that Word went forth the query
was asked, "Am I not your Lord?"
Vvlonderful souls arose who answered
this call. Prominent among these was
Kurat'ul Ayn, a woman beautiful,
clever, accomplished. Yet with all her
fair fame and good character, had she
continued to live the conventional life,
it is most improbable that she would
have been known outside- of the narrow
limits of her environment. But because
she heard and heeded that wonderful
voice, she was exalted to a supreme
station. She shone forth with a mar-
velous radiance. She traveled through
that country with a flaming sword, di-
viding truth from error. The elevation
of her character guided souls to the
divine pathway. She had discerned in

