154 STAR OF THE WEST
Recent General Tablet from Abdul-Baha to the
American friends
(See pages 167-166 for facsimile of 01'igz"nal)
To the friends of God and the maid-servants of the Merciful throughout the
United States of America and Canada, care of their honors Mr. and Mrs.
them be El-Abha!
He Is God!
ye who are firm in the Covenant and the Testament!
Your letter was received and your blessed names were one by one perused.
The contents of the letter were divine inspirations and ascertained bounties be-
cause they were indicative of the union of the friends and the harmony of all
hearts.
Today the most remarkable favor of God centers around union and har-
mony among the friends; so that this unity and concord may be the cause of
the promulgation of the oneness of the World of humanity, may emancipate the
world from this intense darkness of enmity and rancor, and that the Sun of
Truth may shine in full and perfect effulgence.
Today, all the peoples of the world are indulging in self-interest and
exert the utmost efiort and endeavor to promote their own material interests.
They are worshipping themselves and not the divine reality, nor the world of
mankind. They seek diligently their own benefit and not the common weal.
This is because they are captives of the world of nature and unaware of the
divine teachings, of the bounty of the Kingdom and of the Sun of Truth. But
ye, praise be to God, are at present especially favored with this bounty, have
become of the chosen, have been informed of the heavenly instructions, have
gained admittance into the Kingdom of God, have become the recipients of un~
bounded blessings and have been baptized with the Water of Life, with the fire of
the love of God and with the Holy Spirit.
Strive, therefore, with heart and soul that ye become ignited candles in
the assemblage of the world, glittering stars on the horizon of Truth and may
become the cause of the propagation of the light of the Kingdom; in order that
the world of humanity may be converted into a divine realm, the nether world
may become the World of on high, the love of God and the mercy of the Lord
may raise their canopy upon the apex of the World, human souls may become
the waves of the ocean of truth, the world of humanity may grow into one
blessed tree, the verses of oneness may be chanted and the melodies of sanctity may
reach the Supreme Concourse.
Day and night I entreat and supplicate to the Kingdom of God and beg for

