STAR OF THE WEST ll
far and Wide the Light of the Kingdom; for the World of humanity has
acquired, as a result of this great carnage, a great capacity for the propagation
of universal peace. Ears are longing to hearken to the call of the oneness of
the World of humanity, to universal reconciliation, and to the abandonment 'of
ignorant prejudices.
In fine, if all the friends of God engage in the promulgation of heavenly
teachings, the establishment of universal peace shall be a foregone conclusion.
Praise be to God, whatever has been explicitly recorded in the divine
Tablets has been fully realized, and all the Warnings and appeals of Abdul-
Baha in the temples and gatherings of America have come to pass. At present
We hope all will engage in the service of the Kingdom and Will promulgate
whatever is the Will of God.
The teachings of His Holiness are today the spirit of life, the
means of peace and reconciliation, the cause of amity and union, and the pro-
moter of the oneness of mankind. One should engage in such a service.
Thy eldest and respected daughter, having striven hard and cared for
the Wounded, is permitted to present herself Whenever she has the opportunity.
Praise be to God, the condition of your youngest daughter has ameliorated.
As to Mr. Fugeta; He is permitted to present himself, but he must first
go to California to meet the maid-servants of God, Mrs. Goodall and Mrs.
Cooper, and thence start for the Holy Land. . . . .
Convey longing greeting to all the friends of God.
Upon all be Baha-el-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, February 7, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)
BEATRICE OWENS
To the maid-servant of God, Beatrice OWens.--Upon her be 
El-Abha!
Is God!
thou who art serving the world of humanity.
Thy letter was received and from its contents We felt exceedingly glad. It
was a decisive proof and a brilliant evidence. It is appropriate and befitting
that in this illumined age of the progress of the World of 
man should be self-sacrificing and should serve the World of mankind. Every
universal cause is divine and every particular one is temporal. The principles
of the divine Manifestations of God Were, therefore, all-universal and all-inclu-
sive. Every imperfect soul is self-conceited and thinks of his own good. But
as his thoughts expand a little he Will begin to think of the Welfare and comfort
of his family. If his ideas still more Widen his concern Will be the felicity of
his fellow citizens; and if still they Widen he Will be thinking of the glory of
his land and of his race. But when ideas and views reach the utmost degree of
expansion and attain the stage of perfection then will he be interested in the
exaltation of humankind. He Will be then the Well-Wisher of all men and the
seeker of the weal and prosperity of all lands. This is indicative of perfection.
Thus, the divine Manifestations of God had a universal a11d all-inclusive

