STAR OF THE WEST
Thou hast written of thy wish to use the money of the Mashrekol-azkar to
aid some of the dear sisters to get well: If you have gathered the sum from
your own money, spend half of it for the sisters, and the other half, spend it for
the Mashrekol-azkar; and if the sum is from-other people, refer to them 
the contributors) and act according to their Wish.
Convey on my behalf greetings and the utmost of respect to the maid-
servant of God, Mrs. Eva Cooper, (of Fruitport, Mich_).
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, Haifa, Palestine, December 27, 1918.)
AMY WILKINSON
To the maid-servant of God, Amy K. Wilkinson, Boston, Mass.--Upon her be
El-Abha!
He Is God!
thou who art with the fire of the love of God!
Your letter dated November 26th, 1918, was received. Those souls that, in
this day, enter into the divine Kingdom and attain everlasting life, although
they materially dwell on earth, yet in reality they soar in the realm of heaven.
Their body may linger on earth but their spirit travels in the immensity of
space. For as thoughts widen and become illumined, they acquire the power
of flight and transport man to the Kingdom of God,
I beg of God that Mr. Randall and thyself may both become two lofty soar-
ing birds; that ye may nestle and abide in the loftiest summits of the Kingdom;
that ye may behold the glorious signs and may perfume the nostrils with the
fragrances of the Abha Paradise.
Upon ye be El-Aloha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA .ABB.A.S-
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, January 9, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)
ELLA GOODALL COOPER
To the maid-servant of God, Mrs. Ella Goodall Cooper, California.--Upon her
be greeting and praise!
Is God!
thou respected maid-servant of God!
Your letter, dated October 22nd, 1918, was received. Although for four
years communication between us has been interrupted, yet the spiritual mes-
senger was heartily and continually engaged. At all times I implored from
the divine Kingdom, begging for the maid~servants of God and the friends
of the Merciful divine assistance and confirmation.
At present, praise be to God, your detailed letter is at hand, and its news
of the health and safety of the believers of God imparted a joy unlimited.
From the unity of the friends of that land we have felt greatly happy and glad.
I pray God that this union, firmness, steadfastness and spiritual consultation
may become day by day more pronounced, and this rose-garden which has been
planted in that continent may bestow perfume, through the scent of its flowers
and blossoms, upon the nostrils of the people of the world.

