44 STAR OF THE WEST
served the oneness of the World of humanity that all denominational, sectarian,
racial, political, economic and even patriotic prejudices may be removed and
the illumination of the love of God may enlighten the courtyard of hearts.
My hope is that day by day thou mayest be more confirmed and may serve
to the best the world of humanity; that thou mayest adore mankind and ignite
in every heart the lamp of guidance, may serve the world of morality so that
human realities may be freed from the gloom of the World of nature Which, in
essence, is purely animal in character, and may be illumined With the light of
the divine realm.
What service is there nobler than this and what gift more precious than
this; what exaltation is higher than this and what sovereignty mightier than
this'? I hope that therein thou mayest be confirmed.
As to Margaret Nelson, she has been emancipated from this gloomy dungeon
of the World of dust and has hastened to the sanctified realm. I pray on her
behalf and beg for her the forgiveness and the pardon of the Lord of Creation,
that she may secure rest and comfort in the realm of the Kingdom.
The article that thou hadst edited in the Helena Daily Independenti' was
received and Was perused. Happy art thou that the Lord hath assisted thee in
such a distinguished service.
Upon thee be Baha-el-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, March 17, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)
DOROTHY NELSON
To the maid-servant of God, Dorothy her be Baha-el-Abha!
is God.'
dear maid-servant of God!
At the divine threshold address this prayer and beg forgiveness for thy
sister. That prayer is the following 
forgiving and kind God! My beloved sister Margaret has hastened
from this World to Thy realm and has abandoned the nether World to soar in
the realm on high. She was like unto a shelterless bird but has yearned for a
rest and shelter in the celestial realm. She was a thirsty fish and longed to be
immersed in the sea of light.
God! \Ve are captives to innumerable sins, but need Thy pardon and
Thy forgiveness. We have lost the Way but have hastened to Thee. \Ve sufier
deprivation, but seek Thy rich treasury. We are disabled and broken-Winged,
but are treading Thy path. God! Forgive us and bestow upon us Thy
pardon.
"Verily, Thou art the Refuge and Shelter of sinners and Thou art the
Bestower, the Radiant One in the realm of heaven!"
Upon thee be_ Baha-el-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, March 17, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)
i' See page 33.

