222 STAR OF THE WEST
JULIET THOMPSON
To the maid-servant of God, Miss Juliet
Thompson--Upon her be Baha-el-
Abha!
He Is God 
thou beloved maid-servant .Add as much as ye can to love
and affinity and produce ye amongst
yourselves unity and agreement. Put
ye in practice the principles of consulta-
tionnot refer regarding any mat-
ter in these days to the President of the
Republic.
Strive the
establishment of love and reconciliation
amongst the religions and service to the
oneness of the world of humanity; per-
chance, God willing, universal peace
may be founded and all the communi-
ties and religions of the world may
usher under the unicolored shade of the
canopy of the Merciful,-that this dark
cloud of hate and animosity amongst the
religions and nations may be scattered
from the horizon of the world and the
light of love and fellowship may dawn
and flood all the regions.
Convey on my behalf to the attracted
maid-servant of God, Mrs. Maxwell, the
greeting of heart. I beg of God that she
may become confirmed and assisted in
all affiairs.
Upon thee be Baha-el--Abha I
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
July 10th, 1919. Revealed December
30th, 1918.)
The Seed Sowing of the Ages
(Continued from page 215)
leave them when the final Tablet is given
to us and we have heard its wonderful
message. Then we must stay together,
all whose hearts are touched and moved
by this great force, we must come to-
gether and work to carry out this plan.
'Ne must grasp this Wonderful 'oppor-
tunity and realize that the like of this
has never been given to any people in
any time from the beginning of the
World until today.
Today, heralding the Kingdom is the
magnetic force of the world of humanity
because there is great richness in the
souls. The divine teachings are the
spirit of this age; they are the sun of
this age. Every soul must endeavor in
order that the veils may be torn away
from the eyes, then instantly they see
the Sun, and the heart and the eyes
become illumined thereby.
Now, through the assistance and favor
of God, this power of guidance and this
inerciful bestowal are found in thee!
Therefore, with the utmost power go for-
ward so that to the mouldering bones
thou carriest life, to the blind eyes
thou givest sight, quickening souls that
are depz-essed--for every road will in
the end become crooked except the road
of the Kingdom, which day by day be-
comes straighter!
Unquestionably the heavenly melody
cannot be measured by the melody
of the earth, and the artificial lamps
cannot be measured by the heav-
enly Sun. Therefore, one must strive
for whatsoever is eternal and everlasting
in order day by day to become more
illumined, day by day to grow stronger
and day by day -find new life.
FLORAL MESSENGER FROM THE HOLY LAND--A four-page attrac-
tively printed card having a pressed wild flower from Palestine attached to in-
side page, together with one of the utterances of Abdul-Baha. Price, 25 cents
each; $15.00 per 100. Address Mary Lesch, 4319 Lake Park Chicago,
Illinois, U. S. A.

