STAR OF THE WEST 151
may seek to shield itself against misfor-
tune. "Grieve not save when thou art
far from us; and rejoice not save when
thou art near and returning unto us."
To overcome self is the task set for
humanity; the earth-task, in which beads
of blood ofttimes perspire. The task is
great, and many shrink therefrom. Yet,
sooner or later, it must be faced by all.
There is no escape. For the finite life
can never become infinite, nor can mor-
tal put on immortality, until this task
is done. Severance from self, this is
salvation.
To achieve this goal, but one means is
given to man--that of love. That which
as duty is difficult, with love becomes a
thing of joy. The Friend awaits eter-
nally the first pledging of friendship.
He never wearies of the quest--forsakes
no seeker, answers love with love. But
those who love Him not can never know
His love, how infinite, how joy-giving it
is. His heart of infinity yearns after all
finite beings, draws them as a magnet.
But freedom of will gives opportunity
for resistance. Man may, but will not,
seek this goal; for self-love is a force
compelling on the soul of man a long
and weary journey, a pilgrimage
through sorrow till the peaks of gold
are reached.
When will humanity overcome this
terrible egoism, this vast conceit in its
own powers? When learn that there is
no safety save in God; no guidance but
the Friend's; no deliverance from evil
except by aid of the Holy Spirit? If
nothing but universal disaster, and the
resulting conviction of human frailty,
could avail to turn men to Him who is
Mighty,--would it not be a favor on the
part of destiny to send affliction over all
the earth?
And so woes shall increase, that evil
may decrease; complacency shall fail in
order that yearning may be aroused;
happiness shall wane, that spirituality
may grow. But in all trials, in all dif-
ficulties, love is the clue, the guidance.
In love is deliverance from all evil.
Love in its highest aspect means
union, harmony, evanescence before God-
But man is too proud to seek this
road. He will not submit his 
but by foolish imaginings seeks salvation
in empty abstractions, in a hollow eclec-
ticism, in a vain endeavor to reach the
Divine Essence Without accepting the
guidance and infinite love ofthe Divine
Friend. It may not be. Those who
would enter by any other way are
thieves and they shall be rejected. One
gate, one way, one many to
salvation.
Such are the teachings of the Bahai
Movement. They are not 
have existed in the world before, in es-
sence, but not in full expression. This,
their new and epochal arrangement, is
the destined avenue of Truth to the
world today. The power of God is be--
hind it, the power of holy spirits in the
celestial Kingdom, the power of all good.
And, nothing can stay its progress, be-
cause it is harmonious, catholic, and
whole.
 
Alla-it '0 ha!
After four and one-half years, the Persian section of the STAR on THE Wnsr,
has been re-established in this issue, through the bounty of the Center of the
Covenant.
Again the East and \Vest are united.
All the Bahais of America send Abha greetings to the Bahais of Persia, and
rejoice with them over this event.
Dr. Zia M. Bagdacli has written this Persian section, which revolves around
the recent Tablet Abdul-Baha revealed for the American friends. Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab will write the following issues.
--The dttors.

