STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and dii?er-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shalt
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 10 Mulk 1, 75 (February 7, 1920) N0. 18
The Resurrection of Christ after "three days"
Instructions from a letter written many years ago by MIRZA ABUL FAZL on
the meaning of the "three days" Christ' is said to have lain i11 the
grave before His resurrection.' Selected and
condensed by Marie A. Watsoii.
CONCER-NING the resurrection of
His Holiness Christ after three days
and nights: The term "day" is ap-
plied to many meanings; the first is the
ordinary one of twenty-four hours. Ac-
cording to this meaning Abdul-Baha
explains the "three days" before
Christ resurrection thus 
After the ascension, departure of
Christ, 011 account of the tyranny of
the Jews, for three days and nights His
blessed Name was not mentioned among
the disciples. The Wicked Jews were
sure that they had uprooted that blessed
tree, and the disciples of His Holiness
repaired to solitude and seclusion
through fear. Thus the Sun of Truth
was outwardly concealed in the dark-
ness of disappearance, and Peter, the
apostle, who was the shining moon in
the heaven of divine Religion, was
veiled, depressed.
After three days and nights Mary
Magdalen, whose valor, courage, perse-
verance and efforts caused her name to
be written in the book of perpetual
honor, for she gave her utmost energy,
called each one of the disciples from the
places of concealment and led them into
the presence of Peter. She called forth
a new spirit Within them through the
heat of her encouragement and explana-
tion. Then again they arose to assist
and serve the Cause of Christ, revivified
and spread the name of His Holiness
in the World, which name was consid-
ered by the Jews to be concealed in the
grave of disappearance.
According to this explanation the
meaning is in the utmost exaltation and
in the highest simplicity and plainness,
and it is true to say that His Holiness
Christ arose from the grave after three
days, for the purpose of His manifesta-
tion was the spread of His holy Name
and penetration of His Word through-
out the World, and this point was real-
ized three days after His departure, for
by the rising of His noble disciples the
lights of His brilliant Cause shone forth
through the East and the "Test, and His
blessed Name was promulgated in the
extensive parts of Europe, Asia and
Africa.
The second application of the Word
"day" denotes the duration of a spirit-
ual leadership, or individual reign; as
it is said, the "day" of the reign of
David, the "day" of the reign of Solo-
mon. This duration is determined by
the term "day," though it lasted forty
years; or, as is said in America, the
"day" of the presidency of Washing-
ton or McKinley, and the like, although
the presidency of each lasted some years.
According to this standard, the
"day" of each one of the Manifestations
of God signifies the interval of the time
between His rise and the appearance of
a subsequent second
coming, 0r rising of the Sun of Truth.
During this interval the laws, regula-
tions and ordinances of that Manifesta-
tion continue etfective and lead to the
development and salvation of men. Ac-
cording to the terminology of the proph-

