STAR OF THE WEST 77
War and in converting the loss and rancor into profit and love. This wish is
realized through the power of the Kingdom. .
Convey my greeting to the grieving family of him who has ascended to the
Kingdom of God, Mr. Dick Potter, and tell them not to be disconsolate, not to
wail and not to cry, for that heavenly bird has flown to the Infinite Realm and
has stepped out from the dust-heap of the world to the rose-garden of immor-
tality! Happy is he and blessed is his abode!
Upon ye be E1-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi R-abbani, January 18, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)
AKRON ASSEMBLY
The friends of God and the maid-servants of the Merciful, Akron, Ohio.
--Upon them be El-Abha!
He Is God!
ye sons and daughters of the Kingdom!
Your letter was received. From its contents the truth of the saying of His
Holiness Christ was realized when He says: "From all parts and regions they
flock and enter into the Kingdom, while the so-ns of the Kingdom depart from it."
Now ye who belong to the distant and outlying regions of the world,--almost
half the globe standing between us ;--yet notwithstanding this remoteness, have
been awakened by the Call of the Kingdom, have been made aware and, thanks
be to God, ye have become attracted to the splendors of the Sun of Truth.
My hope is that ye may raise high the standard of the oneness of the World
of humanity and that ye may become the cause of union and harmony among
all the races and religions, so that mankind may unite, may fling away the garb
of indifference and engage in affection, that the fire of religious, racial, political
and patriotic prejudices may be quenched and the burning fiame of the enkindled
fire in the Mount of Sinai may illuminate the world.
The blessed pictures of those illumined souls have been noted. Praise be
to God, the light of God 's love shines brilliantly in your faces.
Upon ye be E1-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Anms.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, January 28, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)
URBANA ASSEMBLY
To the friends of God and the maid-servants of the Merciful, Urbana, Illinois.--
Upon them be E1-Abha!
He is God!
ye friends of God and the maid-servants of the Merciful!
Your detailed letter was a full exposition of firmness and steadfastness.
Although throughout these days of abundant trials the maintenance of persever-
ance and firmness was difficult yet the friends of God and the maid-servants of
the Merciful, praise be to God, have remained like unto an immovable rock, firm

