STAR OF THE WEST Z81
It is this: Alaska is a vast country. Although one of the maid-servants of the
Merciful has hastened to those parts, serving as a librarian in the public library,
and according to her ability is not failing in teaching the Cause, yet the call of
the Kingdom of God is not yet raised through that spacious territory.
His Holiness Christ says: Travel ye to the East and to the \Vest of the world
and summon the people to the Kingdom of God. Hence the mercy of God must
encompass all humanity. Therefore, do ye not think it permissible to leave that
region deprived of the breezes of the Morn of Guidance. Consequently, strive
as far as ye are able to send to those parts fluent speakers, who are detached
from aught else save God, attracted with the fragrances of God, and sanctified
and purified from all desires and temptations. Their sustenance a11d food must
consist of the teachings of God. First they must themselves live in accordance
with those principles, then guide the people. Perchance, God willing, the lights
of the Most Great Guidance may illumine that country and the breezes of the
rose-garden of the love of God may perfume the nostrils of the inhabitants of
Alaska. Should ye become confirmed in thus rendering such a service, rest ye
assured that ye shall crown your heads with the diadem of everlasting sovereignty,
and at the Threshold of Oneness you will become the favored and accepted
servants.
Likewise the Republic of Mexico is very important. The majority of the
inhabitants of that country are devoted Catholics. They are totally unaware of
the reality of the Bible, the Gospel and the new divine Teachings. They do
not know that the basis of the religions of God is one and that the Holy Mani-
festations are like unto the Sun of Truth, rising from the different dawning-
places. Those souls are submerged in the sea of dogmas. If one breath of life
be blown over them, great results will issue therefrom. But it is better for
those who intend to go to Mexico to teach, to be familiar with the Spanish
language.
Similarly, the six Central American Republics, situated south of MeXico--
Guatemala, Honduras, Salvador, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama and the seventh
country Belize or British Honduras. The teachers going to those parts must
also be familiar with the Spanish language.
You must give great importance in teaching the Indians, the aborigines
of America. For these souls are like the ancient inhabitants of Peninsular
Arabia, who previous to the manifestation of His Holiness Mohammed were
treated as savages. But when the Mohanimedic light shone forth in their midst,
they became so illumined that they brightened the world. Likewise, should
these Indians and aborigines be educated and obtain guidance, there is no doubt
that through the divine Teachings, they will become so enlightened as in turn
to shed light to all regions.
All the above countries have importance, but especially the Republic of
Panama, wherein the Atlantic and the Pacific Oceans come together through the
Panama Canal. It is a center for travel and passage from America to other
continents of the world, and in the future it will gain most great importance.

