270 STAR OF THE WEST
they may perform. I have nothing to
impose. In America, no doubt what-
ever call is proclaimed, ambitious and
thoughtless souls will be found to sup-
port it for a'time. Even at Green Acre
it has been remarked that one of the
inhabitants of Malta was summoniing
men to excessive hunger [fasting] and
used to receive pay for it. Notwith-
standing this, some souls gathered
around him and from hunger they
seemed dead yet would pay to that man.
Do not grieve for thy dear brother
who has ascended from this mortal
World to the eternal realm and do not
feel depressed. That drop has hastened
to the limitless ocean and that wander-
ing bird has flown to the shelter and
nest of the Supreme Concourse. Thou
shalt find him at the effulgent gathering
in the Kingdom of Mysteries.
As to the dream thou didst have that
thy brother appeared fully dressed,
clothing is the ornament of man and
and that is the bounty of the Merciful.
As to the bundle he had in hand, it is
his benevolent deeds, and his serious
look denoted his purpose to make thee
realize the following fact: "Consider
to What bounty I have attained! Praise
be to God, that I am safe and well and
have on me the garment of piety and
carry in my hand the bundle of my
deeds. I am alive and not dead. Con-
sider closely, I am living and have not
passed away. Be thou attentive."
Upon thee be Baha-El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Acca, Palestine, July 22, 1919.)
 
MARY HALL
To the maid-servant of God, Mary Hall,
Chicago, Illinois--Upon her be BAHA-
'o'i.LAn El-Abha!
He Is God!
thou dear maid-servant of God!
Thy letters were received. God will-
ing, this time that thou hast turned
away from the Theosophists to the Bahai
faith, thou mayest remain so firm and
steadfast that if all the people that
dwell on earth should gather to deviate
thee a hair 's breadth from the path of
they would fail in their
endeavor. Consider, that in the time of
Christ, how much the Pharisees--and
those souls who at first believed in
Christ and then turned away from
Him, such .as Judas Iscariot and his com-
panions--scattered the seeds of doubt in
the Cause of Christ, in order to shake
the faith of the believing souls. But
these doubts and those who originated
them are like unto the foam of the
ocean, which has been cast ashore by
the ever-surging ocean of Christ. This
is because the foam does not last, While
the ocean is eternal.
Praise be to God, thy has been
again illumine-d, thy ear has responded,
thou hast investigated the Truth and
hast believed in the Cause of 
LLAH. I hope that, day by day, the
bounties of the Kingdom may constantly
encircle thee, thou mayest daily increase
in firmness and become the cause of the
guidance of other souls.
As to thy presence in the Holy Land,
these days it is very difficult, and here
the conditions are not yet quite stable.
God Willing, when conditions are stabil-
ized and travel is made easier, thou shalt
present thyself.
Upon thee be Baha-El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Acca, Palestine, July 26, 1919.)
 
DR. PAULINE BARTON-PEEKE
To the maid-servant of God, Dr. Pauline
Barton-Peeke, Cleveland, Ohio--Upon
her be El-Abha!
Is God!
thou daughter of the Kingdom!
Thy letter was received. Praise be
to God, it was indicative of the utmost
firmness and steadfastness. It behooves

