STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. A1-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscrihers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena Will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE WEST, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the West, they may become informed with the most important events.
ABBAS.
I I  STAR or THE WEST FOUNDATION
ortheastetn States: HARR1s.
Western States: HELEN S. GOODALL.
Southern States: Iosarn H. HANNEN. Dominion of Canada: MAY MAXWELL.
Central States: ALBERT VATL, CARL SCHEFFLER.
Editorial tafi' ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary ember: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Vol. .10 Sultan 1, 75 (January 19, 1920) No. 17
News from Haifa, Palestine
LETTER FROM MRS. GORTNNE TRUE
Cairo, Egypt.
November 16, 1919.
To the Editors of the STAR or THE

\Ve spent eleven heavenly days in
Haifa with Abdul-Baha. Two Weeks ago
this morning (November 2nd) we
reached there after pushing through
many difficulties. None of the countries
have recovered from the War. Travel-
ing is really filled with discomforts, and
the innumerable official signatures nec-
essary to enter or leave a country is
most annoying. Vile were held up for
three weeks in Paris getting our British
vise to enter Egypt. Fugcta Wrote me
from Naples that he was held up indefi-
nitely there for the same reason. Of
course We could not go to Abdul-Baha
without first going to find out just how
Fugeta Was situated. This necessitated
our sailing for Egypt via Italy. "Te had
to leave him in Naples, greatly to our
regret, but' there was a service We could
render him in Cairo by hastening the
sending on of his British vise that the
consul had cabled for. We had a beau-
tiful steamer from 'Brindisi, Italy, to
Alexandria, and the trip was lovely in
every way.
Let me go back to tell you that in
Paris, Mirza Ali Kuli Khan and his
charming wife Were adorable to us, and
perfect lifesavers. They were the only
two Bahais We could find at that time in
Paris, Mr. and Mrs. Scott having gone
to the country on a protracted stay. The
afternoon We were leaving Paris for
Italy, Mr. Randall and George Latimer
came to our hotel 'cl0ck we had dinner with the five mem-
bers of their party. It was so good to
sec them.
In Brindisi We found Dr. Esselmont
at our hotel, Waiting :Eor his ship. He
sailed in the afternoon and We in the

