84- STAR OF THE WEST
in this country and throughout the
world. We have explanation of it in
his teaching that the fire from heaven
is the fire of the Holy Spirit; that the
Holy Spirit is the divine beneficence
and grace, the heavenly bestowal, the
bounty of God, the generosity and con-
firmation of God; and that it descends
upon those who are sincere and humble
recipients.
Each one of these great Conventions
we have held during the last ten years
has seemed to me a manifestation of
the sacred fire of divine love. A heav-
enly flame, a heavenly power, the Holy
Spirit of God has come down upon us
at these Conventions. Each time, each
year, more and more we renew this
bounty. It comes stronger and lasts
longer; the interim is not so great as
the years increase. And now spiritual-
ly attuned with the Center of the
Covenant we are awaiting its descent
in the glorious meetings of this 1919
Convention.
The splendid brother who is to speak
to you now, is from Washington. He
has for his subject the "Power of the
Holy Spirit;" how it is to convert and
unify the hearts of humanity by its
divine breath and fragrance. The
blessed Abdul-Baha has zoned our
country. Last night we heard his mes-
sages to the Northeastern States and
today we are standing and Waiting to
hear his Tablet of command on the
work to be done in the South. Our
speakers are those who have done loyal
and noble service in the Cause of God
in the Southern States; who have been
filled and animated by the Holy Spirit
of God. The first one of these speak-
ers is Louis G. Gregory of Washing-
ton, D. C.
The Power oi the Holy Spirit
Address by LoU1s G. GREGORY, of "Tashington, C., delivered at the Second
Session of the Bahai Congress, Sunday afternoon, April 27th,
1919. Stenographically reported.
THE finite cannot grasp the Infinite
nor can the creature comprehend
the Creator. So we approach this sub-
ject, "The Power of the Holy Spirit,"
in a spirit of meekness and reverence,
with a desire for evanescence in the path
of God and to testify only to what He
has revealed to us in the day of His ap-
pearance. As "one of the journeys in
the pathway of love is from the creatures
to the creatures," the testimony of our
companions on the ideal pathway con-
firms our happiness.
Truly we are living in a great and
wonderful day, when the bounty of
God's Holy Spirit is felt in all parts
of the supreme world and the hearts
of all humanity are quickened with this
divine power. A new consciousness of
life, freedom, happiness and power is
reaching all races, classes and condi-
tions of men. As is suggested by our
learned brother, testimony of the Holy
Spirit has been, from time immemorial,
given in all the Holy Books. This di-
vine power has been the reality of all
the messengers and prophets, the crea-
tive Word by which, as mighty speak-
ers of God, they addressed themselves
to the creatures.
The Holy Spirit is compared in some
of the sacred writings to the air, be-
cause it covers the whole earth. We
are told that "the Lord answered Job
out of the whirlwind." The outpour-
ing of the Holy Spirit on the day of
pentecos-t is symbolized by "the rush-
ing of a mighty wind." 
says: was asleep on my couch, the
gales of my Lord, the All-Glorious, passed
over me and taught me the knowl-
edge of what was and is." These are
the symbols of an unwearied and ir-
resistible power, the supreme might of
God which creates and transforms the
face of His universe.

