STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one
in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be
strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. S0 it shall be; these
fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 10 Baha' 1, 75 (March 21,1919) N0. 
Tablets of Abdul-Baha recently revealed
MR. AND MRS. VAIL
To his honor Mr. Albert Vail and the maid-servant of God, Emily Vail, Chicago,
Illinois, U. S. them be greeting and praise!
He Is God!
ye who are firm in the Covenant!
Verily, your letter Was the third of those received from America subse-
quent to the extinction of the fire of War. I was indeed gladdened to peruse
it for it was indicative of a pure purpose and a lofty ideal, to Wit: the service
of the World of humanity.
The most advisable thing, therefore, is to gather every Sunday in order to
discuss "Pure and Sanctified Living," "Universal Brotherhood," and the "Phil-
osophy of Universal Religion."
As to the promulgation of Truth, verily it is divine and heavenly character,
action in accordance with the divine and merciful instructions and the propaga-
tion among men of lordly behests and exhortations.
I pray God that He may therein confirm ye.
Upon ye be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, Haifa, Palestine, December 17, 1918.)
GEORGE LATIMER
To his honor, George Latimer, him be greeting and praise 
He Is God!
Your letter dated November 13, 1918, was received. Praise be to God,
throughout this terrible war, you have been kept safe and protected and have
endured every sort of trouble for the sake of your favored land.
I have Written a letter to thy father and have forwarded it directly, and
now, too, I am engaged in Writing thee, begging for thee a soul gladdened by
divine glad-tidings and an illumined heart that thou mayest be ever enkindled
and illumined.
When thou shalt be released from military service thou hast permission to
present thyself at the Holy Land.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, Haifa, Palestine, December 30, 1918.)
(Continued on page 7)

