78
STAR OF THE WEST
and steadfast. Nay, rather, they have added to their stability, It is custom-
ary and as a rule in times of trial the feeble souls waver and turn. away and
the firm souls who are endowed with the power of the Spirit double in energy
and strength. Adulterated copper turns totally black when thrown into the
fire of test while pure gold increases in lustre and brilliancy.
His honor, Mr. Vail, is indeed an ignited candle and likewise his respected
wife. They have no thought and no concern save the good of mankind and
entertain no wish save the guidance of men. Day and night they strive with
heart and soul, they labor arduously and endeavor heartily that this mortal
world may reflect the splendor of the sanctified Realm and these disturbed souls
may become the embodiment of faith and assurance.
As to the meeting with the friends and the maid-servants of the Merciful
it is undoubtedly possible. Praise be to God, the way will be leveled and the
doors will be opened and traffic and travel will become easy. But they must
take into consideration the comfort of the journey so that no hardships may
be endured on the way.
Concerning my travel to America, it is conditioned upon the harmony and
the unity of the friends of God. They must be so united. as to have the efiect
of one soul so that like unto a magnet which draws to itself the iron they may
attract me to America.
Upon ye be El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, January 28, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)
ALBERT VAIL
To his honor Mr. Albert Vail, Chicago, Il1inois.--Up0n him be 
El-Abba!
is God!
thou revered personage!
Your second letter dated December 19, 1918, has been received. It was
the cause of much joy and happiness because it indicated that thou art firm
and steadfast in the Covenant and Testament and that thou hast a longing to
herald the Kingdom. Today heralding the Kingdom is the magnetic force of
the world of humanity because there is great readiness in the souls. The Divine
teachings are the spirit of this age; nay, rather, the sun of this age. Every
soul must endeavor, in order that the veils may be torn away from the eyes;
then instantly they see the sun, and the heart and the eyes become illumined
thereby.
Now through the assistance and favor of God this power of guidance and
merciful bestowal are found in thee. Therefore with the utmost power go
forward so that to the mouldering bones thou impartest life, to those born
blind givest sight, quickenest souls that are depressed and discouraged and
bestowest serenity and freshness. Every lamp will finally be extinguished
except the lamp of the Kingdom which day unto day grows brighter. Every
call will in the end become weak except the call to the Kingdom of God which
day by day grows louder. Every road will in the end become crooked except
the road of the Kingdom which day by day becomes straighter. Unquestion-
ably the heavenly melody cannot be measured by the melody of earth and the
I

