STAR OF THE WEST Z67
the promulgation of the divine teach-
ings for this is the Spirit of Life and
the means of salvation.
Upon ye be Baha-El-Abha.
(Signed) 
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Bahjeh, Acca, Palestine, July 23, 1919.)
 
AGNES LEO
To the maid-servant of God, Agnes Leo,
Spokane, her be
E1-Abha!
He Is God!
thou maid-servant of God!
Thy letter was received. Thou wert
complaining of your assembly that it
has fallen into disgrace. Every ailing
has its remedy, and every affliction its
relief. The efficacious remedy of this
disease with which the assembly has
been afflicted lies in meditation and
contemplation over the Covenant and
Testament. It should be observed
whether the Blessed Beauty has entered
into this Covenant and Testament in
order to exact obedience from all, or to
bring about disobedience. If the latter
is intended, then nothing is to be said,
and if obedience and compliance are the
objects aimed at, then wavering leads to
utter loss, and disobedience and rejec-
tion are absolute error.
His Holiness Christ, with reference
to Peter, hath uttered one word, and has
not personally written anything, and
that word is: "Thou art Peter, and
upon this rock I will build my church."
Notwithstanding the fact that it
was only one word, void of any great
importance and has been orally com-
municated and not written, nor has it
been put down by the pen of Christ, yet
all the apostles submitted and complied.
Now, the Blessed Beauty has given
explicitly through His own writing, and
by the stroke of the supreme pen the
absolute command of obedience, and of
the turning of the face toward the Cen-
ter. It must be either said that, God
forbid, the Blessed Beauty was ignorant
a11d has been wrong in commanding that
all should obey the Center of the Cove-
nant or, on the other hand, obedience
should be shown, and the face should be
turned towards him. Strange! What
answer will they give to the Blessed
Beauty in the divine Kingdom'? This
much consideration is enough if justice
is considered; and if it is not, and in-
justice prevails throughout discussions,
then it is another question.
In fine, these Covenant-breakers and
their disobedience are like unto froth,
which does not last, and which shall
soon vanish, while the sea itself which
is the cause of life, will remain and
continue to exist. Reflect upon the time
subsequent to the manifestation of
Christ: How many souls have sown in
the Cause of God the seeds of sedition
and intrigue but eventually their efforts
were doomed to disappointment and
failure and Truth hoisted its banner.
This breaking of the Covenant is like-
wise doomed to failure. Like unto a
mirage, soon it shall vanish and dis-
appear.
Upon thee be greetings and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Aeens.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Haifa, Palestine; June 24th, 1919.)

ERNEST WALTERS
His honor, Mr. Ernest Walters, Chicago,
him be BiiHA'o'nLA1zi
El-Abha!
Is God!
thou servant of God!
Two letters have been received from
thee and from the contents of both the
turning of thy face toward the Kingdom
of God was noted. Divine bounty has
been extended and the blessings of His
Holiness are complete.
Rest thou assured that thyself and thy
mother shall ever be encompassed by
divine bounty, but thou must be so firm

