STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the Sr An or THE West, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, -but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of that both in the
East and the West, they may become informed with the most important events.
(S ign-ed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Ed-itorial Stafi: ALBERT R. ZIA M. BAonAnr
Vol. 10 Sharaf 1, 75 (December 31, 1919) No. 16
clay of disobedience to God, of selfish
purpose, of acquisition of Wealth, of
isolation from his neighbor, of ignorance
of God, that the bird of his soul has
become ensnared in this mud of disob-
edience. This is the Water and clay
symbolically expressing the contingent
World.
Have you ever thought of the meaning
of that really dread term, the conting-
ent World; the contingent World, the
world of corruption and generation, the
World of composition and decomposition "2
The very meaning of the Word, conting-
ent is that it is dependent upon some-
thing else. By itself it is non-existent;
it is i11 a constant state of flux; it is
the World of darkness and duality. In
the contingent world the law of duality
has its full sway. In the Worlds of God,
praise be to God, the law of contrast and
duality is extinguished. In the great
orb of the sun, if We imagine life there,
there is no night, it is always day. But
in this contingent in which we
dwell, duality and the requirements of
duality exist; here are the great. con-
trasts of darkness and light, selfishness
and love, of life and death. The great
tidal movenients in the World are, them-
selves, dual and contrasted. How WOI1-
derfully Tennyson has expressed this in
his poem "Crossing the Bara"
"But such a tide that moving seems
asleep,
Too full for sound or foam,
\Vhe11 that which drew from out the
boundless deep
Turns again home."
That tide that drew from out the
boundless deep, and thus returns from
whence? From that remote place to
which it has hastened in response to the
great law of its being, the law of op-
posites in the world of mortality. In
this World, the soul of man which is
drawn from out the boundless deep,
from the bosom of God, begins its re-
turn journey to Him, if perchance it
heeds His call, but in the Worlds of
God there is only one movement, one
return-flow; there is no longer involu-
tion as in this World and the lower
kingdoms, but conscious evolution to-
wards Him who is the origin and the
return,
So the law of the contingent is the
law of savagery; it is what has been
called by Abdul-Baha the law
of nature Which holds in its clutch even
humanity itself. Today nine-tenths of
our beings, through disobedience to the
divine law, have become ensnared in the
claws of nature, and unless the divine
power which has entered the World shall
lift up this bird of humanity, shall
cleanse its Wings of the mire and clay
so that it may fly in the high atmosphere
of devotion and obedience, then only
destruction can be looked for for the
entire race. This is the beginning of a
cycle when that great mystery of God
is being accomplished. The appearance
of marked the entrance
into this World of that divine power
through which all mankind may be up-
lifted.
Corning now to the subject of the even-
ing. Among the requirements of the

