STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! . Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of theviriends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm 'inf the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity'. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE WEST, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the p_romul gator of the Cause of God--so that both- in the
East and the West they may become lnformed of the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Anus.
STAROF THE WEST FOUNDATION
Northeastern iates: I-Ioorna HARRIS.
Western States: HELEN S. 
Southern States: H. HANNEN. Dominion of Canada: MAY MAXWELL.
Central States: ALBERT VAIL, CARL 
Editorial tafl' ALBERT R. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD 
Vol. 10  Kamal 1,75i(August No.9
Recent Tablets from Abdul-Baha to American Bahais
MRS. BROOKER
To the maid-servant of God, Mrs. Brook-
er, Akron, her be BAHA-
'o El-Abha!
He Is God 
thou daughter of the Kingdom 
The letter thou hadst written on Jan-
uary 22nd, 1919, was received. Praise
thou the Lord, that thou hast been ush-
ered into the divine Kingdom as one of
the chosen people of God and the light
of guidance hath been reflected upon
thy pure heart like unto a light which
is ignited in a lamp and a candle which
bestows light to a gathering; thou hast
organized a meeting and hast been en-
gaged in the promulgation of divine
teachings.
Rest thou assured that divine con-
firmations shall reach (thee) and heav-
enly cohorts shall assure (thee) the vic-
tory and that thyself and thy respected
husband shall attain unto everlasting
life and shall serve the oneness of the
World of humanity, and shall bring to-
gether other souls under the shade of
the pavilion of the Kingdom.
At present engage in service and you
will have permission to present your-
self.
Convey longing greeting to Mr. Rus-
sell Brooker and tell him: "Praise the
Lord, for He hath flung open to thy
face the doors of Solomon 's wisdom, and
pray God that He may bestow upon
thee an everlasting sovereignty, for
Solon1on's kingship was ephemeral, it
passed away and did not remain for-
ever, while the sovereignty of the love
of God is perpetual and endless. I hope
that thou mayest sit on this throne and
that is firmness and steadfastness in the
love of God."

