300 STAR OF THE WEST
ward into the arena of mental conquests
previously undreamed of, under the
guidance of teachers adequately pre-
pared for this greatest of human ser-
vices. Such teachers will be informed
of the inner life of the child, the reali-
ties of the indwelling spirit which must
be brought forth, fostered and made bril-
liant, inasmuch as these are the divine
jewels of each soul.
Next, We have the encouragement of
profit-sharing for the worker, i. the
employee; this provision forms a part
of the divine solution. Wages, as a
means of satisfying labor, have proved
inadequate. The wage system has led
to strike upon strike, force upon force,
violence upon violence. This is because
wa.ges alone, as a means of determining
the value of labor, are peculiarly sub-
ject to the inexorable economic law of
supply and demand, which is a re-
quirement of nature, as we ha.ve seen.
There must be an added determinant of
value which will draw the worker nearer
the center of common interest which the
industry presents both to him and his
employer. This common interest is the
welfare and prosperity of the business
itself. If this be done, the outer pres-
sure upon the worker which everseeks
to array him against the employer, by
force, if necessary, finds its influence
diminished and the appeal to force will
be substituted by that persuasion of
unity which is the common interest of
both. Until society properly and justly
cares for the worker by making him a
real partner in enterprise to a certain
degree which is just and equitable, en-
titling him to a share, at the end of the
year, of the profits according to gthe
interest he holds, We will never find
labor either quiescent, peaceful or con-
tented.
It is certain that wages alone as a
means of compensation has led to these
constant strikes and lockouts, bitterness
and great economic loss; whereas the
matter should be dealt with at the foun-
tain head. The meaning is not to abol-
ish the wage system, but to supplement
it. The bargaining power of enormous
aggregations of workers, i. trade
unions, is at present necessarily invoked
to combat a stubborn employer, or one
who is himself helpless in the grasp of
the economic law of competition with
its frequently sharply defined margin
of profit. But this bargaining power
of the labor union sometimes openly
ignores the justice of the common inter-
est. In its anxiety to demonstrate its
power, unemployment, following the
strike, hits hardest at the slender pocket-
book of the worker, the unionist, him-
self. Its most serious failing, however,
lies in its being an instrument of force
and compulsion, setting up a similar
in the employer. Shutdowns,
and lockouts result, with great financial
loss to the ones who can least afford this
the workers themselves.
This mode of settling great industrial
conflicts is rejected by the enlightened
thought of this new age. "Not war"-
fare, but perfect welfare," says Abdul-
Baha, is the aim. The organs of this
industrial body must -co-relate and, in
sympathetic co-operation, function in the
utmost unity. The of man does not
see because the liver arises with force
to compel. Rather, under such condi-
tions, the vision becomes impaired and
the whole body poisoned. On the con-
trary, in the healthy body each assists
the other, each draws necessary aid from
the other, and each contributes harmon-
iously to the highest functioning of the
other.
7
Therefore, force and violence are
seen to be the handmaids of the conting-
ent world, not the divine agencies of
happiness. The rich and the powerful
ones among us must voluntarily and
through recognition of this great indus-
trial truth, give a full measure of jus-
tice to the noble place of labor, freely
consenting to a fundamental law which
recognizes the industrial body of unity.
For has exalted labor, de-
noting it even a worship to God, and

