308 STAR OF THE WEST
the East and to the West and spread the glad-tidings of the appearance of the
Kingdom of the Lord of I-Iosts throughout the five continents of the world.
When this divine call travels from the continent of America to Europe,
Asia, Africa, Australia and the islands of the Pacific, the American believers
shall be established on the throne of everlasting glory, the fame of their illumina-
tion and guidance shall reach to all regions and the renown of their greatness
become world-wide. Therefore, a party, speaking the languages, severed, holy,
sanctified and filled with the love of God, must turn their faces to and travel
through the three great island groups of the Pacific Micro-
nesia and Mylanesia, and the islands attached to these groups, such as New
Guinea, Borneo, Java, Sumatra, Philippine Islands, Solomon Islands, Fiji Islands,
New Hebrides, Loyalty Islands, New Caledonia, Bismarck Archipelago, Ceram,
Celebes, Friendly Islands, Samoa. Islands, Society Islands, Caroline Islands, Low
Archipelago, Marquesas, Hawaiian Islands, Gilbert Islands, Moluccas, Marshall
Islands, Timor and the other islands. Witli hearts overflowing with the love of
God, with tongues commemorating the mention of God, Witheyes turned to the
Kingdom of God, they must deliver the glad-ti ding of the Manifestation of the
Lord of Hosts to all the people. Know ye of a certainty that in whatever meeting
ye may enter, in the apex of that meeting the Holy Spirit shall be waving and
the heavenly confirmations of the Blessed Perfection will encompass all.
Consider ye, that Miss Agnes Alexander (of Honolulu), the daughter of
the Kingdom, the beloved maid-servant of the Blessed Perfection, traveled alone
in the Hawaiian Islands, and now she is gaining spiritual victories in Japan!
Reflect ye ho-w this daughter was confirmed in the Hawaiian Islands. She
became the cause of the guidance of a gathering of people.
Likewise Miss Knobloch traveled alone to Germany. To what a great extent
she became confirmed! Therefore, know ye of a certainty that whosoever arises
in this day to diffuse the divine fragrances, the cohorts of the Kingdom of God
shall confirm him and the bestowals and the favors of the Blessed Perfection
shall encircle him.
how I long that it would be made possible for me to travel through these
parts, even if necessary on foot and with the utmost poverty, and while passing
through the cities, Villages, mountains, deserts and oceansvoice: "Ya-Baha-El-Abha!" and promote the divine teachings. But now this
is not feasible for me, therefore I live in great regret; perehanee, God willing,
ye may become assisted therein.
At this time, in the islands of Hawaii, through the efforts of Miss Alexander,
a number of souls have reached the shore of the sea of faith! Consider ye,
what happiness, what joy is this! I declare by the Lord of Hosts that had
this respected daughter founded an empire, that empire would not have been
so great! For this sovereignty is eternal sovereignty and this glory is ever-
lasting glory.
Likewise, if some teachers go to other islands and other parts, such as the

