90 STAR OF THE WEST
mer months. The presiding officer, a
Congregational minister, had a clear vis-
ion like a Bahai! He spoke of
the efforts to prevent overlapping in
missionary fields, and thought the same
thing should apply at home. He be-
lieved that a hundred, even fifty years
would Witness the end of all denomina-
tions. . . . . Near the close they gave us
a brief audience, which made it possible
to read the teachings of 
and mention the twelve principles. They
showed keen interest, and the effect was
almost electrical upon the advanced
thinkers among them. They eagerly
took the booklets (Big Ben that were
offered them, and warmly shook our
hands. . . . . Next Sunday we are to
speak in the church of Dr. H., one who
attended the World 's Parliament of Re-
ligions in 1893. When he agreed to open
his pulpit, I asked him if he Wanted a
'Methodist sermon.' want your mes-
sage, whatever it is,' he answered, and
said he was very happy that liberal' and
progressive ideals in religion were being
advocated."
The \Vashingt0n Assembly has called
a meeting to consider plans for the work,
and will appoint committees and take
other practical steps to get the campaign
under Way, with great unity of purpose
and steadfastness of action.
It is earnestly requested that any of
the friends who may be sojourning tem-
porarily in the states covered by the
Tablets to the Southeastern states, will
communicate with the Washington As-
sembly, so that they may become a part
of the active forces while with us. Also
all friends in the states mentioned, who
are not members of assemblies, are
asked to send their names and addresses
to the Secretary of the Washington As-
sembly, to be registered. Furthermore
all those who have friends in the South-
ern territory who have been or should
be interested, are urged to send the
names and addresses of such friends,
with such additional information as will
enable us to serve them to best advan-
tage. Address in all such correspond-
ence, "Secretary, Bahai Assembly, P. O.
Box 1319, Washington, D. 
Joseph H. Hawnen.
The Power of the Holy Spirit
(Continued from page 87)
through the evolution of science and re-
ligion and when the thoughts of all the
world are concentrated upon peaceful
and constructive measures, we may com-
municate with the inhabitants of that
glorious sun, mayrespond to their vi-
brations of understanding and light and
may quicken them to ours, so our hearts
and minds are fixed upon noble, exalted
and altruistic ideals! Immobility is
ever the cause of stagnation and death.
Motion is ever the cause of progress and
life. Man should ever strive to grow
and develop along lines of both material
and spiritual evolution. Thus he may
discover the mysteries of his own being
and come to know himself, which we
are told, on the highest authority, is
identical with knowing God.
The Kingdom of God has descended,
in accordance with the promises of past
centuries and ages. The invitation to
be citizens of that great and glorious
Kingdom is extended to each and all.
The light of God which is shining forth
from His greatest Manifestation, BAHA-
and the Center of His Coven-
ant, Abdul-Baha, is veiled only by its
intensity of splendor. There have been
number-less, appearances of the divine
Logos, the "Word made flesh," in past
cycles and ages. For these appearances
have been the divine Wisdom and mercy
to the people of the World. These lordly
splendors have been the educators of the
peoples and nations as they laid the
foundations for all past civilizations.
The glories of the past, wonderful as

