STAR OF THE IVEST
herald of Thy Kingdom in these vast and spacious countries, severed from
aught else save Thee, relying on Thee, abandoning rest and comfort, remote
from my native home, a wanderer in these regions, a stranger fallen on the
ground, humble before Thy exalted threshold, submissive toward Thy most
high realm, supplicating Thee in the middle of nights and in the heart of
evenings, entreating and invoking Thee in the morn and that Thou
mayst assist me in the service of Thy Cause, the promotion of Thy teachings
and the exaltation of Thy W'ord in. the Easts of the Earth and the Vllests
311
thereof.
Lord! Strengthen my back and confirm me in Thy servitude with all
my powers, and do not leave me alone and by myself in these countries.
Lord! Associate with me in niy loneliness and accompany me in my
journeys through these foreign lands.
Verily, Thou art the eonfirmer of whomsoever Thou Willest in that which
Thou desirest, and verily Thou art the Powerful, the Omnipotent!
(Signed) Aeotsn-Blane. Asses.
("Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, April 6, 1919, lVashi11gton,_D. C.)
News from Japan
LETTER FROM AGNES ALEXANDER
Beloved friends 
Here again I am in this land after a
Wonderful voyage from Honolulu in
teaching the Cause, as the doors opened
as never before. Wheii I went on the
steamer in Honolulu, it was the twelfth
time I had boarded a steamer without
knowing beforehand anyone. who was
sailing. The first morning a letter was
handed me from 'Mrs. Cooper, telling of
:1 lovely French young lady, Mlle. Char-
lotte Comte, who was traveling on the
same steamer, and who had become deep-
ly interested in the teachings. Strange
to say unconsciously as we were sailing
from Honolulu, I was guided to her and
we talke'd together, though not at that
time of the CauseVladivostok to be married and had
traveled from Paris alone through the
United States. At Niagara Falls she met
a Bahai and heard for the first time the
teachings, then in Chicago she went to
the Sunday meeting, others who
sent her to dear Mrs. Cooper i11 San
Francisco. Her soul was fully prepared
for the divine Message and We pray that
in Vladivostok she may plant the divine
seeds. Then Mlle. Charlotte Comte in-
troduced me to Dr. and Mrs. Shastri who
also were interested. Mrs. Shastri, as
Miss Jensen of Omaha, had heard sev-
eral Bahai speakers there and through
Mr. Vail had some of the literature
which she was taking to lndia, her new
home which will be in Benares. She was
eager to read everything, though she has
not yet fully grasped the great Message.
Another lady was a Mrs. Ernst whose
home was in Chicago. She became deep-
ly interested. She had lived among the
Arabs in Tunis and her desire is that
she might go to these people Whom she
loves and who love her and teach them
some day. I gave her a copy of the
Plain to take to Manila where
she is now going to her children. Others,
a Filipino doctor and a Holland gentle-
man were interested, also a Japanese
gentleman who had, through a friend,
attended a meeting in \Vashington. He
otfered to do all in his power to help
me here.
I am 110W staying in the Tokyo station
(Continued on page 316)

