STAR OF THE WEST 101
divine teachings must reveal themselves with a brighter effulgenee, the breaths
of the Holy Spirit must display a penetrating intensity, the ocean of the love
of God must be stirred with higher Waves, the breeze of the rose-garden of the
divine love be wafted with higher velocity, and the fragrance of holiness be dif-
fused with swiftness and rapidity.
Praise be to God, that the divine outpourings are infinite, the melody of
the Lordly principles is in the utmost efficacy, the most great Orb is shining with
perfect splendor, the cohorts of the Supreme Concourse are attacking with
invincible po-wer, the tongues are sharper than the swords, the hearts are more
brilliant than the light of electricity, the magnanimity of the friends precedes
all the magnanimities of the former and subsequent generations, the souls are
divinely attracted, and the fire of the love of God is enkindled.
At this time and at this period We must avail ourselves of this most great
opportunity. V\7e must not sit inactive for one moment; We must sever our-
selves from composure, rest, tranquillity, goods, property, life and attachment to
material things. We must sacrifice everything to His Highness the Possessor of
Existence, so that the powers of the Kingdom may show greater penetration
and the brilliant cffulgence in this new cycle may illumine the Worlds of minds
and ideals.
It is about twenty-three years that the fragrances of God have been dif-
fused in America, but no adequate and befitting motion has been realized, and
no great acclamation and acceleration has been witnessed. Now it is my hope
that through the heavenly power, the fragrances of the Merciful, the attraction
of consciousness, the celestial outpourings, the heavenly cohorts and the gush-
ing forth of the fountain of divine love,the believers of God may arise and in
a short time the greatest good may unveil her countenance, the Sun of
Reality may shine forth with such intensity that the darkness of the World of
nature may become entirely dispelled and driven away; from every corner a
most Wonderful melody may be raised, the morning birds may break into such
a song that the World of humanity may be quickened and moved, the solid
bodies may become liquified and the souls who are like unto adamantine rocks
may open their Wings and through the heat of the love of God fiy heavenward.
Nearly 2,000 years ago, Armenia was enveloped with impenetrable darkness.
One blessed soul from among the disciples of Christ hastened to that part, and
through his effort, ere long that province became illumined. Thus it has
become evident how the power of the Kingdom Works!
Therefore, rest ye assured in the confirmations of the Merciful and the
assistances of the Most High, become ye sanctified above and purified from
this world and the inhabitants thereof, suffer your intention to become for
the good of all, cut your attachment to the earth and like unto the essence
of the spirit become ye light and delicate. Then with a firm resolution, 3, pure
heart, a rejoiced spirit, and an eloquent tongue, engage your time in the pro-
mulgation of the divine principles; so that the oneness of the World of

