STAR OF THE WEST 93
on a basis of amity and concord. All
the past is but a preparation for this
day, which is truly one of coming to-
gether, of unity--the promised day of
all the ages, of all the cycles, of all dis-
pensations. This is the day of which
Jesus, the Christ, spoke, When He said:
"Other sheep I have which are not of
this fold. Them also I must bring, and
there shall be one fold and one
shepherd."
Let us think of the people of the
World from a spiritual standpoint; they
are as several flocks, each under a dif-
ferent shepherd. They are each gathered
into different pastures, separated by
Walls--wa1ls made not by God, but by
man. Gradually the existence of these
Walls breeds the selfish thought. in the
heart of each flock. Each believes its
pasture the only pasture; its shepherd
the only shepherd. At last, when sel-
fishness through separation has reached
its climax the mighty blast of the same
all-powerful Spirit at Whose command
a trumpet blast destroyed the Walls
of Jericho, levels all Walls of sepa-
ration, and lo!--the One Great Shep-
herd appears, and the sheep, passing
over lines Where Walls once stood, realize
His presence, and know themselves every
one as the sheep of God, knowing the
Voice of One Shepherd!
Fancy the possibilities of unity, the
possibilities of friendship, Whereas be-
fore there existed suspicion and enmity.
This is the message of the divine Shep-
herd vvho has appeared today. He has
He is speaking; and in
the.hearts of those capable of under-
standing the voice they have heard, the
basis of a great unity has been prac-
tically established. This is no idle
dream, millions with understanding
hearts have already heard the voice of
Him who has joined them together in
a bond which shall last forever! For
those of us who have had the privilege
of seeing people of many races, many
languages and different religions, meet
as brothers, loving each 
ing points of contact and forgetting dif-
ferences--in the home of Abdul-Baha,
there can be no question. \Ve are in-
deed living in the great day of unity--~
the great promised day of God.
Studying over this question, it seems
to me that one of the great causes of
dissension among religions is the loss
of the dynamic element which rouses to
action and lifts men from the lowest
depths to the greatest heights. In the
early days of Christianity, for example,
men were filled with the divine enthusi-
asm that spurred them to marvelous ac-
tion. Today We hear in the pulpits
fervent. prayers that God will raise His
people to greater heights. Aye, therein
lies the weak point, that God shall. 
them-. For as long as religion is passive
and people depend upon something out-
side of themselves to elevate them, just
so long will there be the selfish desire
to be in the highest place; just so long
will there be the personal creed, the
thought that my Way is the most direct
Way, the only way, and that those who
do not follow after my Way are lost.
But the religion that is dynamic, the
religion that is active, is that of which
our Lord Christ spoke when he said,
"He who drinketh of the Water that I
shall give him, shall never thirst, but out
of him shall proceed streams of living
Water," and so today the call is a call
to action, the call is that through the
power of the Holy Spirit as exemplified
and given to us by the Center of the
Covenant We are to raise ourselves to
the sublime, divine heights. The Way
we do this is by raising others. As We
raise others to these higher thoughts,
these higher ideals, We shall indeed
raise ourselves and in this active concep-
tion of religion there can be no selfish-
ness, there can be no enmity, there can
be no prejudice, for we are all striving,
perhaps through difierent paths, toward
the same goal, and animated by the
great unselfish conceptions which have
been given to us today in the precepts of
and the teachings and

