38 STAR OF THE WEST
time would come when ma11y Americans
would come to Persia, and many Per-
sians Would go to America, and today
we had seen these Words being fulfilled.
It was a most beautiful meeting.
After lunch many more couples of men
and Women came, and for the first time
in history a photograph Was taken of all
who Were there. The hearts of all of
us were so happy.
Today a men's committee from the
Mahfal R-ouhani (Spiritual Assembly)
Went to make a call on the Commission
and appointed Dr. Moody to go With
them. We expect to meet them tomor-
roW at the home of another Bahai. They
have also made addresses at the Parlia-
ment, Chamber of Commerce, State Uni-
versity and other places.
Their talks have been published in
the Persian papers and have been much
commented upon. It cannot be other-
wise than that they are doing the will
of the most supreme 
We are longing for the Way to be
opened to receive letters and goods and
medicines and every thing from Amer-
ica. We are nearly at the end of every-
thing. Dr. Moody wishes me to tell you
that since America entered the War the
schools have received no financial help
from America, and are feeling the strait-
ened condition; that they have dropped
many pupils a11d are struggling to keep
others on, free of charge. All things are
very high in price, as they are with you.
Those who could afford it have had to
pay sixty and seventy cents for a quar-
ter of a pound of butter (We have not
had any for a long time); eggs have
been six cents apiece, bread very poor
and so high that I have made it for a
long time, unde-r very difficult condi-
tions. The vvays of cooking are so primi-
tive that I do not see how so many de-
licious things to eat are turned out.
Tablets of Abdul-Baha recently revealed
AGNES PARSONS
To the maid-servant of God, Mrs. Agnes Parsons, Washington, D. C.--Upon her
be BAI-IA 'o El-Abha I
He is God!
thou beloved daughter!
Formerly a cable through the British. Government was received from you
but it Was misrepresented and vague. Although it could not be understood yet
an answer was dispatched through the same Government. Your letter dated
October 21, 1918, has just been received. Infinite gratitude have I tendered
for the blessings of His Holiness and have laid my head on His
Sanctified Threshold and have offered my praise and thanks that, praise be to
God, that beloved daughter has remained firm and -steadfast throughout this
violent storm and has Wished and purposed nothing save service to His Holiness
and the promulgation of Divine Teachings. Rest thou assured
that assistance and confirmations shall encompass thee.
Thou hast written concerning organization. The divine teachings and
the admonitions and exhortations of His Holiness are manifestly
evident. These constitute the organization of the Kingdom and their enforce-
ment is obligatory. The least deviation from them is absolute error.
Thou has written concerning my travel to America. If thou see
how the Waves of constant occupation are surging thou Wouldst have considered
that time for travel is absolutely lacking; in times of fixed residence partial

