STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 10 Nur I, 5-, I919) N0. 5
The Sacred Fire
Address by Chairman HOWARD of Brooklyn, N. Y., delivered at the
opening of Second Session of the Bahai Congress at Hotel 
New York City, Sunday afternoon, April 27th, 1919.
Stenographically reported.
"Like unto the
cup-bearers of eternity, turn ye round'
in the assemblages of mankind the over-
flowing goblets of guidance, and intoxi-
cate them with the wine of the Love' of
God." (Words of Abdul-Baha Abbas.)
In the Words of Paradise, the Blessed'
Perfection, has said: "In
this day a great banquet is celebrated
in the Supreme Concourse, for all that
was promised in the divine Books hath
appeared. This is the day of the most
great rejoicing! 
Every Manifestation of God, who ap-
peared in the world, saw this day in spir-
itual vision and perspective, announc-
ing What hesaw in the symbolical language
of prophecy; for mankind could not bear
the full proclamation of the reality.
That which We are now witnessing and
what is yet to come, appeared to his
inner sight in complete clearness. After
his ascension to the supreme World, his
followers and believers his
teachings and ceremonials in a temple
of Worship which became the expression
and reflection of the divine religion in
that age and cycleheavenly illumination
that the temple itself was but a symbol
and prophetic sign; that the intended
expression of divine purpose and goal
of divine revelation was the conscious
heart of man, the true and ultimate
temple of the living God. Therefore
what we are witnessing in this day is
the consummation of the plan and
Covenant of God and the reality of His
promised presence in the purified heart
of humanity.
Furthermore, the most central sym-
bol Within the temple of Worship was
the' altar of sacred fire which was al-
ways kept burning. This pentecostal
flame, this fire from heaven, this fire of
the love of God appeared with each
Manifestation of the "Word; the holy
spiritual flame perpetually burning.
"Then that fire waned and grew dim,
the religion of God became obscured
and disintegrated; a change came; an-
other Manifestation of God descended
into the world from the Supreme King-
dom and with him the heavenly flame
was lighted anew in the temple of its
incarnation in human hearts.
Today we know and realize in the
lovable personality and spiritual per-
fection of the glorious Servant of God,
Abdul-Baha, that this sacred fire has
come again into the world to glorify the
heart of humanity, to purify, sanctify
and illumine the universal heart of the
nations. This is the sacred fire of the
heavenly Books and teachings, fulfill-
ed and interpreted in its outer, inner
and complete meaning. \Ve have clear
evidence and definition of that sacred
fire today in the words of Abdul-Baha,
in the great principles set forth by him

