STAR OF THE WEST 245
hope. This is the utmost of our desires,
and I ask God that He may aid you
all, that He may aid me. that together
We may be occupied in the service of
the Kingdom of God.
This is a very blessed gathering. It
is a source of great joy. It is a source
of great potency in the world. This
very gathering has its effects. The as-
semblage here and the fellowship exer-
cised are a magnet attracting the con-
firmations of God. Even now the con-
firmations of God are surrounding such
a gathering as this. Ere long you will
see its signs and your joy will reach the
superlative degree.
Recent Tablets from Abdul-Baha to American Bahais
MOTHER BEECHER
To the maid-servant of God, Mother
Beecher, care of his honor, Mr. Roy
Wilhelm, New York City, N. 
Upon her be El-Abha!
He Is God!
thou green leaf of the Tree of Life!
Thy letter was received and from its
contents it became known that in the
past summer, in Green Acre, a remark-
able Bahai movement took place, blessed
souls gathered in that place such as Mr.
Remey, Richard Mayer, Harry Randall,
Howard Ives, Albert Vail, Harlan Ober,
Saffa Kinney and Stanwood Cobb.
These souls indeed are firm in the Cove-
nant, are the heralds of the Kingdom
of God, promulgating the divine teach-
ings, are self-sacrificing in the path of
the Kingdom, are ignited candles and
twinkling stars. At present this is not
known; in the future it shall be made
evident.
The Pharisees, during the time of
Christ, did not consider the Apostles as
worth addressing and took them as the
lowest of people, although they were
the stars of guidance and the lamps of
the Supreme Concourse. But at pres-
ent consider what has happened!
I hope that this year in Green Acre
the candles of supreme guidance will
be better enkindled, the melody of the
nightingales of Truth may reach the
supreme heights and attain the ears of
the denizens of the Abha Kingdom, and
this shall be to such an extent that all
people may be amazed. This shall be
attained if the friends of God will in
the utmost union, love and harmony as-
sociate with one another, strive day and
night to relieve one another's burden,
promulgate the divine teachings and
raise so high the call of the oneness of
mankind and the melody of universal
peace that the world of humanity may
be stirred.
As to his highness, President Wilson,
the fourteen principles which he has
enunciated, are mostly found in the
teachings of His Holiness 
and I therefore hope that he will be
confirmed and assisted. At present it
is the dawn of universal peace; my hope
is that its mo-rn will fully break, con-
verting the gloom of war, of strife and
of wrangling among men into the light
of union, of harmony and of affection.
Convey on my behalf to Mrs. Champ-
ney the utmost love and kindness. From
the bounties of God, I hope that she
may become utterly attracted to the
Kingdom and become wholly spiritual.
Convey my love and kindness to Mrs.
Vllatt. I beg for her from God assist-
ance and bounty. Convey to thy
grand-daughter, Dorothy Beecher, the
utmost kindness on my behalf and ex-
tend to Mr. Hilgert my warm and
heartfelt sentiments; I am greatly
pleased with him.
Upon thee be Baha-El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA-ABBAs.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, Bah-
jeh, Acre, Palestine, July 23rd, 1919.)

