STAR OF THE WEST 315
"We will see what God wants. If
America becomes illumined, its illumi-
nation like a magnet, will draw me
there. If America will become the
America I want it to become, I will
surely come and I will go to all parts, to
every state."
These words were still ringing in our
ears and hearts when on November 27th,
the time of parting came. Before our
departure, Abdul-Baha again expressed
the greatest longing of his heart, saying:
"You must all do your best to in-
crease love among the friends, that really
and sincerely the friends may all love
one that faith in the King-
dom may give forth good results, because
life in this world depends upon love.
The illumination of the world of man
depends upon love, the splendor of God
depends upon love, tranquillity of heart
and soul both depend upon love. Any-
thing beside that is personified imag-
ination. If a friend arrives from an-
other city or state, friends must show-
him the utmost love so that he may be
pleased with coming to the city and
meeting the friends."
Will not this call of the Center of the
Covenant, the call which pulsates
through all the arteries of the world of
humanity, awaken within us that love
and unity of purpose which will become
the torch of illumination that will once
more attract him to our shores"?
VVith Bahai love and greetings,
George Lctimer.
NOTE :--T11ose returning from this pil-
grimage are Mr. and Mrs. Randall,
their daughter Bahiyeh, Albert Vail,
Arthur Hathaway and myself.
"Universal peace is one of the principles of Baha'o'llah"
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA TO THE HON. WILLIAM sunznn
To the Honorable William Sulzer, Ex-
Governor, New York--Greetings!
He Is God!
thou who art the Well-wisher of hu-
manity--felicitations I
Your epistle concerning the League
of Nations has been received a11d read
with great joy. I am hopeful that the
members of the League of Nations,
especially President Woodrow Wilson,
the well-wisher of the world, shall be
confirmed in this, that in accordance
with the teachings of 
there shall soon be established a great
tribunal, the members of which shall be
composed of the best men and women
from all the governments of the earth.
This great tribunal must be the guar-
antor of universal peace.
The present is the beginning of the
dawn of universal peace. The hope of
the world is this: That the sun of
universal peace may rise with a suprem-
acy that shall entirely dispel the dark-
ness of war and its infamous. disgrace.
The question of universal peace is one
of the principles of the teachings of
These teachings have
other principles that make them com-
plete, such as: The oneness of hu-
manity; the investigation of truth and
reality and the abandonment of old
superstitions; unity and religious amity;
that religion must be the cause of con-
cord; that all religions must conform
with science and reason; that there must
be no religious, racial or national
prejudices; that there must be a oneness
of language--that is, the adoption of a
universal auxiliary language, so that
every mind shall know two languages,
one the national tongue and the other
the universal language; that there-must
be a solution of social problems and
economic questions based on justice to
all; that there must be equality of the
rights of women and men, that righteous-
ness and justice must prevail, and that

