STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be, these fruitless strifes, these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
V01. 10 Kalamat l, 75 (July 13, 1919) No.7
The Heart
Lesson by l\l1RzA ABUL Fiizn given to Mrs. Corinne True, summer of 1904.
Interpreted by M. Eshte'al-Ebn Kalanter. Read at the Second Bahai Teaching
Convention of the Central States, May 23rd-25th, 1919.
HE likeness of the world is like the
body of man; the likeness of God is
like the spirit in the body. As the
spirit 'pervades and controls the Whole
body, so likewise God pervades and con-
trols the Whole universe. As none of
the limbs on the body of man are
in communication with the spirit in
the body of man and not one of the
five senses can ever feel the spirit,
therefore, God has created the heart in
man to be the central ruler and has en-
dowed it with two phases, spiritual and
material. Through its spiritual phase
the heart absorbs the commandments of
the spirit, and then through its material
phase it transmits them to all parts of
the body through the agency of the or-
gans, veins, arteries, muscles, etc.
Likewise all the different particles of
the universe are beyond having any com-
munication with God, but God, the Su-
preme Ruler, chooses one man from
among the World and makes him to be
the heart to the body of the universe
and calls him the \Vord of God. This
man or center is Moses, Jesus, 
to the different cycles
or is endowed with two
phases, spiritual and material. Through
his spiritual faculty he receives the
teachings and bounties of the Almighty
God and then imparts them to the world
through material means in which he
shares with other men. This Center is, ac-
cording to the spirit, the recipient of the
divine names and attributes, while in
regard to his material side he is no other
than a man and shares their material
requirements such as eating, sleeping,
etc., and it is for this reason that you
Christians always testify to the fact that
Jesus Christ was both a perfect God and
a perfect man. Your testimony of Christ
being a perfect God proves his being
the manifestation of divine power,
glory, grandeur and might, and your
testimony to his being a perfect man
proves that he should be perfectly en-
dowed with material requirements such
as eating, sleeping, etc., inasmuch as if
any of such requirements are not per-
fect in him, it would be as a flaw in his
perfection.
It is not possible for the body of man
to be established Without its being forti-
fied by the heart, so likewise the body of
the universe can never continue in a
perfect establishment unless it is en-
lightened by the Word of God. The
likeness of the Word of God in the body
of the universe is like the heart in the
body of man. Therefore this primal
Word is always in the universe, but the
difference is that sometimes it manifests
itself to the people while at some
other time it is concealed and people
are veiled from its presence. For in-
stance, Moses was the Word of God and
in manifestation, and Joshua was also

