STAR OF THE WEST
NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 5-15 South Dearborn Street, Chicago. 111.. U- 5- A-
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the postoffice at Chicago, 111., under the_Act of March 3, 1879.
Editorial Staff.' ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
if TERMS: $1.50 per year; 10 Cents per copy
Make Money Orders Payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
(To personal checks please add Sufiicient to cover the bank exchange. 
Address all communications to BAI-IAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box Z83, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou Star of the West! HE IS con!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase, thy
arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and l)eC01'ne- at last
thou shalt become the first paper of the world of hum3-I1itY- Yet all these depend 
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Arms.
-- --  _g
Vol. 10 Baha' 1, 75 (March 21,, 1919) No. 1
ALLAH 
Nine years ago a little sixteen-page pamphlet, made to fit an ordinary busi-
ness envelope, calling itself the BAHAI NEWS, was printed and distributed among
the Bahai friends in the Western World. Its word of introduction read as fol-
lows: "The need for a Bahai News Service is apparent to those who are in
touch with the progress of the Bahai Movement throughout the Occident. To
meet this need this humble publication has stepped forth from non-existence
into the court of existence. Whether it shall remain and grow into a distinct
department of service in this Glorious Day, we cannot foretell, knowing that
'God doeth whatsoever He willeth.' 
With issue No. 8 of the BAHAI was inaugurated a section in Persian,
and in issue No. 13 is recorded that it had "taken the Orient by storm" a11d
that Abdul-Baha requested one of the friends to read the latest copy before a
large gathering of the Bahais (in Port Said), and while it was being read, he
was smiling and commenting upon it. A Tablet received at that time by Mirza
Ahmad Sohrab stated: "Truly, I say, in this publication you have written
instructive articles. May God assist and confirm you! Unquestionably, con-
firmations shall descend upon the workers of this paper!"
A letter from Esphahan to the editor of the Persian section, beginning:
star shone forth from the West and became the sun of the heaven of Truth
in the East," together with a suggestion from Abdul-Baha to change the name
of the Persian section from Pa;/am Bare Baktar (Occidental Messenger), sug-
gested the title: STAR or THE WFs'r--which was adopted for the English section
beginning with No. 1, V01. II.
In issue No. 17 of the BAHAI the confirmation promised by Abdul-
Baha descended in the form of a glorious Tablet which has ever since been a
source of joy, inspiration and help, and which has been incorporated as a per-
manent feature of the editorial heading of the magazine, beginning: thou

