STAR OF THE WEST 277
tion, the affinity of atom for atom, the
love of atom for this
great central orb, the sun and the phys-
ical of love, gravitation, the
order of the universe is maintained.
And then, I think you will find in
the great book, Seven Valleys, Barn'-
o'LLAr1--1ong before the scientists knew
anything about "Split the atom,
and at its center you Will find a radi-
ance." The scientists came along and
have discovered that the atom could be
split and they did split it, and at its
center they found a form of electro-
magnetic energy Which they named the
electron. $0 even the little atom is a
world complete in itself, the point and
the circle and its point or center is tl1e
electron. Its circumference is all the
rest of it and through the radiant energy
at its center, its World is held together
and the order of the integrity of even the
little atom is maintained and preserved
through this principle of the collective
center.
The great organism We call the mac-
rocosm; man as an individual has been
called a microcosm. What is true of
the macrocosm is also of the microcosm
because man, as an individual, has also
his OW11 universe and at the center of
that universe is a great collective center.
And in the individual man What is that
collective center? says in
his Hidden Words, "We have deposited
in you the essence of our light, therefore
depend upon it and upon nothing else."
So that the center of each individual
human being, the center of the universe
of the individual, he calls the essence of
the light of God, radiance from God
at the center of the individual human
being. And Where does that center
exist? God has told us that there is a
connection between the individual and
the soul.
The soul is not in the body like some-
thing Within a shell but each individual
is connected with his soul and his soul
is the carrier of the commands of God.
Through the soul the individual receives
the light of the inspiration and the know-
ledge God. Not merely by their circum-
ferences meeting; they are connected
by the meeting of their centers.
When center is connected With center
then you have a real unity, a real join-
ing. When only circumference is joined
with circumference you merely have an
outer contact, which "is a very different
thing. So the man or the Woman who is
truly joined to the great collective cen-
ter, God, is joined at that point of con-
nection Where the two Worlds meet,
joined at the place Where the soul con-
nects the individual With the great, the
eternal, and the universal.
We pass on to the collective center
of the Kingdom of God upon the earth.
You Will remember how one day Jesus
was Walking with his disciples, and he
passed the temple, the outer temple of
stone, and he said, "You see this temple 
Destroy it and in three days I Will build
it again," and the Writer, the reporter
of the Words of Jesus, notes that he did
not refer to this temple of stone; he
referred to the temple of his own body.
Again Jesus said, "Know ye not that the
Kingdom of Heaven is amongst you?"
The Words do admit of the meaning that
the Kingdom of Heaven is Within' you,
that is quite true, but that is not the
primary meaning of the Words. The pri-
mary meaning of the Words Was that the
Kingdom of Heaven is amongst you, and
he 'meant by that that the \/Vord of God
in the flesh, Walking among men, was
the organic law of men, in the midst of
them; that He Was their king, He was
their charter; He was their law, He was
the Kingdom of God amongst them. The
commentators point out that he must
have meant this because the Words are
addressed to the Pharisees and the com-
mentators say that it is not likely that
in addressing the Pharisees he Would
have said the Kingdom of Heaven is
"Within you."
The body of the Manifestation of God
upon the earth is the Kingdom of God
amongst men, and He is the great col-

