STAR OF THE WEST 293
the head mule-owner of the caravan
who, when he heard that a three days'
halt was proposed, flew into a rage, de-
claring he could not consent and de-
manded extortionate terms for every
hour of unnecessary delay. No argu-
ments apparently prevailing, he left
them to round up his animals while they
debated in perplexity together. To their
surprise he did not return soon and
when at last a highly crest-fallen
man appeared it was to say that
his best mule had run away, how or
when was a mystery! Vllith apolo-
gies he begged to go and resume
his search, for search he must till the
beast be found! Our mother and her
babe were left in grateful peace and
gladly availed themselves of the repose
both were so much in need; anxiety and
fears were now greatly allayed as they
thanked the Blessed One in their hearts
who had sent such timely help in their
distress. Pleasing, indeed, is it to relate
that three full days elapsed during which
our pilgrims rested ere the irate 1nule-
teer returned with his missing animal
expressing regrets and apologies. How
neatly had tables been turned and the
responsibility shifted onto rightful
shoulders! Although by no means a
robust woman, R-ahbar's mother felt suf-
ficiently recovered to resume the jour-
ney, and although forced once or twice
to Walk up steep inclines she arrived
well at the next stage. Not until then
was milk or other comforts procurable.
Consider then, ye western mothers,
how great was the spirit of love and
faith which upheld this young Persian
woman to bear Without fear or suffering
a frail babe under such primitive con-
ditions, through monsoon storms and
on turbulent seas till they arrived at the
gate of the Beloved's house and rested
weary heads under the shadow of his
roof! No wonder little "Guided," felt
elated as he blinked sleepy eyes at me
on that memorable morning, for had he
not done his best, too, to make things
easier all around. His mother had looked
at him with quiet certainty. He and
she understood one another for they
knew that God had watched over their
perilous way to "the door of hope" and
to "His green pastures" in safety. All
was well with the little flock.
The Meeting of the East and the West
Address by Mason REMEY of Washington, D. C., delivered at the
Seventh Session of the Bahai Congress at Hotel McAlpin, New
York City, Tuesday evening, April 29th, 1919.
Stenographically reported.
DEAR Friends: In all of our meet-
ings, the one great object of the
Bahai Cause stands out above all other
things, and that is the spiritual unity
of the people, of all people, of all hu-
manity, which this Cause plants in our
hearts. It is a spiritual power emanating
from the great heart and center of this
movement, Abdul-Baha. There are many
phases of unity in the Bahai Cause a11d
the phase that we are to- consider for a
few moments is "The Meeting of the
East and the It seems to be a
very timely moment for us to consider
this subject for a world federation of
nations is uppermost in the minds of
the thinking people. Up to the present
time very little has been reported in
the newspapers regarding the meeting
of the East and the West as an impor-
tant phase of the federation of nations
now being discussed in Europe, yet we
have known from the very first that the
Bahai Cause lays great stress upon the
meeting of the East a.nd the West.
A very well known writer has written,
"East is East and West is Vllest and
ne'er the twain shall meet." Yet we
are seeing, in the light of this great
Cause, that idea does not hold any

