STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clirne.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. AI-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea ;j thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become world--wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the World of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
(Signed) Arms.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE Wnsr, must he edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the West, they may become informed with the most important events.
Signed ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
STAR OF THE WEST FOUNDATION
Northeastern States: I-loornu HARRIS.
Westem States: HELEN S. GOQBALL.
Southertt States: Josnrn H. I-IANNEN. Domit/tiott of Canada: MAY MAXWELL.
Central States: ALBERT VAIL, CARL SCI-IEFFLER.
Editor-ial Stafi': ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M, BAGDADI
Honorary ember: MIRZA AI-IMAD SOHRAB
Vol. 10 Elm 1, 75 (October 16, 1919) No. 12
ful tidings be to God!--
thou hast been assisted to raise the call
of the Kingdom and hast become the
cause of the guidance of many a soul.
In assemblies thou hast shed light like
unto a candle, has eloquently spoken
and hast promulgated the divine teach-
ings. Today Whosoever arises to serve
the Kingdom, heavenly angels shall con-
firm him, spiritual forces shall be his
help and support, the breaths of the
Holy Spirit shall vivify his heart and
all existent beings will be his assistants.
Consider how all the contingent
beings have supported and served those
blessed souls who have arisen in service
to the Kingdom. A fisherman became
the most great Peter; Mary Magdelene,
only a peasant, gained a precedence of
the queens of the world, for a hundred-
thousand queens have come and gone
and no trace and memory have they left
behind, but Mary Magdelenc to the pres-
ent day, like unto a star, is shining from
the horizon of the most Supreme Glory.
This is what is meant by everlasting
life, by baptism with the Holy Spirit
and by being born again to which Christ
refers.
Convey on behalf of Abdul-Baha the
utmost love and longing to the friends
in St. Louis-, in Cincinnati and in Kan-
sas City, and to the maid-servant of God,
Mrs. Jones. From the bounties of God
I hope that, through spiritual power and
the remedy of the Spirit of God, thou
mayest acquire physical health.
As to the questions thou hast asked:
Concerning Malachi, chapter 3, verses
16, 17 and 18 refer to the friends of
God, and in St. Matthew, chapter 25, the
object of verses 31, 32 and 33 is the
Blessed Beauty. As to Micah, chapter
5, the 4th verse refers to Christ. In
Zephaniah, chapter 1, verses 14Zechariah, chapter 2,
verses 10St. Luke,
chapter 21, verses 20 to the 
these refer to the century of the Blessed
Beauty.
Upon thee be Baha-El-Abha!
(Signed) ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Haifa, Palestine, June 4th, 1919.)

