STAR OF THE WEST 31
her chaste and pure essence may become sanctified from the pollutions of sins
and may turn out bright and resplendent by the glorious Light in the limitless
Kingdom.
Convey, on my behalf, the wonderful Abha greetings to all the friends and
the maid-servants of the Merciful.
(Signed) Aeeas.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, January 10, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha
Haifa, Palestine.)
7
MABEL NI CKERS ON
To the maid-servant of God, Mabel A. Nickerson, Chicago, Ill.--Upon her be
E1-Abha!
He Is God!
maid-servant of His Holiness BAHA 'o .
Thy letter dated September 25, 1918, was received. Thou hadst solicited
confirmation. Know thou verily that the magnet of confirmation is the pro-
mulgation of divine teachings. VVhosoever arises for the diffusion of the fra-
grances of God, the confirmation of the Kingdom will assuredly surround him
to such an extent that he will himself remain confounded.
However, this is conditioned upon the conformity of Words with deeds.
The people of Baha must strive to diffuse the fragrances through deeds more
than through words, for a single deed, motived by the Essence of Sanctity, so
promulgates (The Word) that its sweet-scented fragrances are transmitted to
all the regions of the world. My hope is that thou mayest be confirmed and
assisted.
Thou hast asked for permission to attain the court of presence. When-
ever travel in comfort and ease is made possible, then thou art granted per-
mission.
Convey to all the friends and maid-servants of God respectful greetings.
Upon thee be E1-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated Haifa, Palestine, January 10, 1919.)
GERALDINE LUXMORE
To the maid-servant of God, Geraldine Luxmore, Akron, her be
El-Abha!
He is God!
thou who hast sought illumination from the light of guidance!
Praise thou God, that He hath directed thee to the Light of Truth and
hath invited thee to enter the Kingdom of Abha. Sight has been illumined and
heart has been turned into a rose-garden. I pray for thee that thou mayest ever
grow in faith and assurance, shine like unto a torch in the assemblies and
bestow thereupon the light of guidance.
Whenever an illumined gathering of the friends of God is instituted,
Abdul-Baha, although bodily absent, is yet present in spirit and in soul. I
am always a traveler to America and am assuredly associating with Godlike and
illumined friends. Distance is annihilated and prevents not the close and
intimate association of two souls that are closely attached in heart even though

