112 STAR OF THE WEST
despots have fallen to the earth, and the
thrones of the absolutists are shaken to
the foundation. But the real diadems
of glory and power and the royal seats
of just governments and democratic in-
stitutions were raised high. Praise be to
God, that the period of satanic sugges-
tions hath come to a close, and the cycle
of angelic ideals and seraphic thoughts
hath opened before the eyes of men.
"The past age was an age of won-
drous achievements. All the inventions
were perfected, new discoveries created,
new fields of human activities, new un-
dertakings gave deeper significance to
the law of co-operation; new arts helped
to make life more beautiful and new in-
ternational laws are now in the process
of formation to bind all nations of the
earth together. The international tri-
bunal of justice will soon be organized in
accordance with the principles of
and then all the differ-
ences will be adjusted before the mem-
bers of that impartial tribunal.
"Therefore, as a result of these
changes in the outward world, it has be-
come part of the heavenly wisdom in
the inner world to create a new spiritual
plan for the propagation of the religion
of God; thus the divine believers may
obtain a new joy and a new happiness
and display an extraordinary effort in
the promotion of the reality of the re-
ligions of God; to deliver the nations
from old, superannuated prejudices and
diffuse the fragrances of the flowers of
the primal truth; to unfurl the flag of
the love, amity and the oneness of the
world of humanity and remove the inter-
a ti al misunderstandings 
amongst the nations of the world. From
their hearts and souls they must cry out:
[Here followed the proclamatio/n on
page .98, "Glad Tidings.'
Glad Tlclings! That the Sun of Reality
hath shone forth!"]
"The lights of the oneness of the
worldof humanity are scintillating like
unto precious jewels; scatter their rays
to all parts! Upraise ye the banner of
unity, fraternity, co-operation and reci-
procity amongst all the people; so that
there may not be left from prejudice
aught save a name and from ignorance
not even a shadow; the religion of God
may pitch its tent over the East and the
West, the light of the Kingdom may il-
lumine all hearts, perfect agreement
and association may be realized between
races, religions and nativities, and the
world of creation may find composure
and tranquillity."
On another occasion, he said: "Give
my greeting to the friends in \Vashing-
ton and say: ye believers of God!
I am always thinking of the days that I
associated with you. Never will I for-
get you and the spiritual meetings held
in your city. I beg from the favors of
the Blessed Perfection that ye may be-
come assisted to promote the Cause of
God and promulgate the "Word of God in
the Southern States, that just as "lash-
ington is the political center of the
American Republic, she may become the
dawning-place of merciful susceptibili-
ties and celestial feelings. Arise ye with-
out any fear in the promulgation of the
religion of God! Become ye firmly rooted
in this great aim, send ye teachers to
all directions, and become ye not appre-
hensive that ye meet strong opposition.
The contradiction of others is more con-
ducive to the strength of the Cause of
God. Ever do I beg for you divine con-
firmation. My spirit is with each one of
you. Do ye not look upon your own
capacities. Rest ye assured in the boun-
ties of the Blessed Perfection. He shall
change the drop into an ocean and the
moth into an eagle. He changes the
stone into the precious ruby and the
scintilla into the world-illuminating
sun. Open ye the eloquent tongues and
day and night consult with each other
regarding the promotion of the Cause of
God, so that in the end you may crown
your heads with this diadem and carry-
ing in your hands the swords of light, ye
may confquer the kingdoms of the
hearts 

