Z92 STAR OF THE WEST
changed its course and steamed ahead
without stopping. As they passed Acca
and viewed the stretch of trees behind
the city, the roof of the holy and blessed
Tomb became visible and when the pil-
grims became aware of this, their long
pent up emotions could no longer be re-
strained and, Weeping and sighing con-
vulsively, they gathered together and
prayed for very joy!
A short quarantine stay in Beyrout
was lived through, and when at length
these weary faithful ones were finally
ushered into the presence of Abdul-
Baha, scenes of inexpressible joy were
witnessed at the meeting, some of the
younger members gazing on his face for
the first time in their lives.
THE STORY OF LITTLE RAHBAR
(The Guided)
A happening of special interest trans-
piring during the journey, through Per-
sia, of these faithful souls, should not
remain unrecorded, revealing as it does
evidences of that unseen protection
which they declare never failed them
throughout these diflicult times.
The little company included seven
women, ladies of courage and refinement
who, in some cases were near relatives
of those great of the past when
Babis and Bahais were considered legiti-
mate objects for torture and death. The
faces of these Women shine with the
spiritual joy of their convictions, and
their bearing expresses the serenity of
a noble faith. l/Vith them, as with all
true Bahais, faith and knowledge are
sure and inseparable factors in their
lives.
One morning during busy household
hours, I came upon them in an outer
courtyard surrounding a low circular
table on which heaps of corn lay piled.
On this grain they worked, each on her
separate share sifting and sorting out
impurities and stones from the wheat.
Typically oriental and cheery was the
scene as, with heads draped in glistening
white muslin that fell over the
shoulders, they bent over their work con-
versing in low tones. As I seated my-
self nearby watching the play of deft
hands, my eyes fell upon a young mother
and her newly born babe. The wee chap
was gaily swaddled in vivid silks of
handwoven texture a.nd sat on his
mother 's left arm as her right busied
itself with the grain sorting.
Absorbed in watching them both I
heard someone say, "He was born on the
way. And I then heard the story of how
little Rahbar, the "Guided," as he had
been wonderfully named by Abdul-
Baha, came and lived to make his first
pilgrimage with his parents and visit
the Holy Threshold.
Little "Guided" was compelled to
make his entry into the world of men
when conditions were none too promis-
ing; they were a day's march from be-
yond Shiraz, in a sparsely inhabited
country. It had not been foreseen when
the travelers started that the going
would take months and not so many cal-
culated weeks; so now little Rahbar's
mother had to be carried in a special
basket, a kajaoelt, on the back of a
mule till her hour should come. VVhen
this became evident our pilgrims halted
the caravan and consulted how to set-
tle this matter for the best. A small
habitation being seen in the distance,
some walked to make inquiry and found
a woman at the door who after hearing
their request opened it and offered ac-
commodation. But on viewing the inter-
ior quarters it was decided that it was
neither sufficiently clean nor convenient
and hearing that something better might
be procurable further on, they walked
to a house of pleasing aspect, where
again a woman seemed waiting for them,
who to their amazed joy declared her-
self to be an expert midwife! The sur-
roundings were suitable, a running
stream passed close by, trees were near
and all seemed providentially ready.
Thankfully, they dismounted while an
adjacent room of canvas was speedily
rigged up for the reception of the coming
guest. One remaining obstacle, how-
ever, had still to be overcome, namely,

