STAR OF WEST 301
has said to the Wealthy ones of earth,
"The poor among ye are My trust.
Therefore guard My trust and be not
wholly occupied with your own ease."
Next, is the great law of the tithe or
income tax. In this, a new and won-
derful principle has been disclosed by
interpreted by the Cen-
ter of the Covenant. A trust principal,
a great trust fund and a beneficiary of
that fund has been created by him. For
the first time in the history of the world,
a Prophet of God has dealt in a compre-
hensive way with the economic question,
and revealed a law for its solution. As
he says:
"We have heard the midnight sighing
of the poor."
His Holiness Christ said:
"Blessed are the poor for theirs shall
be the Kingdom of Heaven."
And His Holiness Abdul-Baha, ex-
plaining this, says:
"Blessed are the nameless and trace-
less poor, for they are the leaders of
mankind."
In the Koran it is Written:
"We desire to bestow our gifts upon
those Who have become Weak on the face
of the earth, and make them a nation
and the heirs (of spiritual truth)."
This is interpreted by Abdul-Baha to
mean:
"We wish to grant a favor to the im-
potent souls and suffer them to become
the inh-eritors of the Messengers and the
Prophets."
Thus, it is seen that, in this day of
restitution of all things, the divine
promises respecting the poor are ful-
filled. The divine justice establishes that
which mankind in its selfish absorption,
has forgotten. And this establishment,
being inclusive of all classes, preserves
the rights of the rich, as well. Under
this law, a portion of the surplus income
of every soul must be diverted to this
trust fund which will be administered
by the wise men of every community,
to be put into effect first with the farmer.
Agriculture will receive a great impetus
and from this the plan will be extended
into the other industrial fields. For the
first time-the poor are assured the right
to the necessities of life. Let it be un-
derstood clearly that to be entitled to
this right, one must not have failed in
conscientious efiort according to his abil-
ity.
"God has provided for all," Abdul-
Baha tells us. "His rain showers upon
all, His sun shines upon all." There
is ample food for all, there is ample
provision in this expanse of earth for
everyone for their necessities. The
principle underlying this trust is this,
every child born into the World
has a right to the necessities of life,
and this is a Bahai principle, praise
be to God!
Now, without going into the details
of the tithe or income tax, it is suffi-
cient to indicate that it is levied upon
the surplus income in a progressive
measure; according to the size of one's
surplus, one must pay a certain in-
creased proportion. It still leaves each
soul an ample incentive, making his own
the true balance of that surplus, to do
with as he wishes, protecting his indi-
vidual rights; it does not aim at private
property as some socialist philosophy
would advocate, converting the substan-
tial part of all wealth into a collectiv-
ism governmentally controlled and
owned; but it protects both extremes,
protecting the individual even as it pro-
tects the common need. This Will result
in preventing so called swollen fortunes.
It will be found to be the greatest means
of raising up the poor to the place to
which they are rightfully entitled, a po-
sition of self-respect. It does away for-
ever with the humiliation of pauperism
and assures necessities. It casts ofi the
industrial shackles, opening the door to
comfort and well being. Gan the King-
dom of God find existence while indus-
trial serfdom continues, while humanity
made in the image of God dwells in con-
stant fear of becoming the objects of
almsgiving, destroying self-respect, ex-

