STAR OF THE 69
prayer he looked at me with charming
sweetness, that soft, dancing light in his
eyes and said: "Thou must be infin-
itely grateful to that He
has chosen thee to be with me for so
long a time. Surely it must be for a
great purpose that is not apparent at
the present time. It will become clear
in the future. Now bring pen, paper
and ink and I will dictate a Tablet for
America."
[Here followed the reading of the
Tablet reoeit-ed in America before the
doors of closed. It -was
published in the STAR or THE Wnsr, ol.
7 No. 10 and Vol. .9 No. 14.]
Nearly ten months passed. Mean-
while this Tablet had been forwarded
to America and its circulation among
the friends of that section had created
a great deal of active interest in the
promotion of the Cause. But during
the month following, the talks of Abdul-
Baha on various occasions pointed to
the fact that that Tablet was 110t final
and that when the proper time came
he would reveal another and more won-
derful 'Tablet. for the guidance of the
friends.
This lordly promise was fulfilled on
Friday morning, February 2nd, 1917.
'While he was walking in a small room
in his house at Haifa he dictated the
following spiritual firman for the be-
lievers of the Northeastern States, end-
ing with a supplication to be read by
the teachers going into the field of ac-
tivity spreading the light:
TABLET
To the believers of God and the maid-servants of the Merciful of the North-
eastern States of the United States of New 
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, Vermont, New
Jersey, New York.
He Is God!
ye real friends!
All the regions in the estimation of the True One are one region and all the
cities and villages are ideally equal and similar to each other. Neither holds
distinction over another. All of them are the fields of God and the habitation
of the souls of men. But through faith and assurance and the precedence of
one part over another the dweller imparts holiness and sanctification to the
dwelling and some of the countries becoming 6XCE:pl3iOl1&l, attain to the most
great distinction.
For example, notwithstanding that some of the countries of Europe and
America are distinguished for the purity of the air, the wholesomeness of
water, and the charm of mountains, plains and prairies and are preferred
above all the rest, yet Palestine became an honor to all other regions of the
world because all the holy divine Manifestations, from the time of His Holi-
ness Abraham to the time of the appearance of the Seal of the Prophets, have
been either living in this region or emigrated to or travelled through here.
Likewise Yathroh and Batha attained to the most great bounty and the
light of the Prophets have shown from that horizon. For this reason Pales-
tine and Hedjaz are distinguished above all other regions.

