116 STAR OF THE WEST
the Word in concealment. But had
Joshua manifested himself in this name
he would have to bring neW laws and
ordinances. All the Israelitish prophets
have been the manifestation of the Word
of God in concealment. Jeremiah 1:10:
"See, I have this day set thee over the
nations and over the kingdoms, to root
out and to pull down and to destroy and
to throw down, to build and to plant,"
proves that these prophets were the
Word. In that day God appointed Jere-
miah to do those things and gave him the
power, and those who denied Jeremiah
denied God himself. The same was said
to Peter, and had men denied Peter,
they would in reality have denied Jesus.
Likewise appointed Ab-
dul-Baha to be the Center of his Cove-
nant and endowed him with great power,
and those who deny him in this day have
denied God and His Cause.
In every .age and dispensation the
distinction between a believer and a de-
nier would become manifest by his be-
lief in or denying the appointed sno-
cessor of the Word of God. For in-
stance, if among the followers of Moses
one denied David, Jeremiah, et. al., this
would be a proof of his lack of faith in
Moses.
As it is proved that not one part of
the body can ever move unless the
heart is cognizant thereof, so likewise
no one of the people of the world can
do anything anywhere unless the Mani-
festation of God, the Word, is cognizant
of it.
The Mysterious Forces of Civilization
Address by ALBERT R. Winnusr, delivered at the Third Session of the Bahai
Congress at Hotel l\'IcAlpin, New York City, Sunday evening,
April 27th, 1919. Stenographieally reported.
WHEN we look out upon this phenom-
enal existence of which we are a
part, we find distinctive planes which
the mind of man has classified and
named: The mineral kingdom, the vege-
table kingdom, the animal kingdom, the
human kingdom.
If we investigate any one of these
planes we find a. great force or urge for
unity dominating each group or species.
For instance: In the mineral kingdom,
the atoms of a lump of iron are held
together by a force which unites them.
In the vegetable kingdom the same force
is manifest in the grouping of the vari-
ous kinds of vegetation--the grasses as-
sembling so thickly upon the meadow
that it has the appearance of a carpet,
and the trees of like kind making a
grove or forest. In the animal kingdom
it is the flocks of birds and
herds of cattle manifest this force or
urge. So also on the human plane.
Everywhere we behold this uniting force:
"Like seeks like and has affinity with its
own kind."
On the human plane this force mani-
fests in all degrees and we speak of
some of them familiarly as: Fellowship,
the family, the tribe, the city, the state,
the nation, the empire--such as the
Egyptian, the Assyrian, the 
sian, the Grecian, the Roman.
This uniting force or urge is natural
to all the kingdoms mentioned and the
combinations produced by it on the
human plane are, therefore, natural.
But this force is not the mg/stereozzrs
force of civilization referred to in the
subject assigned to me this evening.
Rather we are to consider a force above
the natural. It is often termed mysteri-
ous because not generally recognized
and understood.
In brief: Natural civilizations are
racial, political, philosophical, commer-
cial, etc.
Furthermore, when we examine care-
fully the individuals constituting a

