340 STAR OF THE WEST
Red Cross Mission work, their services
are accepted at the Kingdom of God and
are the cause of their everlasting life.
Convey to them this glad~tidings.
Upon ye be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Bahjeh, Acca, Palestine, July 23rd,
1919.)

MRS. RASMUSSEN
Through the maid-servant of God, Mrs.
Ella Cr. Cooper--Upon thee be 
--To the maid-serv-
ant of God, Mrs. Rasmussen--Upon
"her" be- 'nLAH-El-Abha 
He Is God!
thou beloved maid-servant of God!
Although the loss of a son is indeed
heart-breaking and beyond the limits of
human edurance, yet the heedful and
observing person is assured that the son
has not been lost but, instead, has step-
ped from this world into another, and
he will find him in the Divine Realm.
That meeting shall beeternal, whereas
in this world separation is inevitable,
and this in its turn entails its consum-
ing fire.
Praise be" unto God, thou hast faith,
are turning thy face toward the ever-
lasting Kingdom and believing in the
existence of a heavenly world. There-
fore, be thou not disconsolate, do not
languish, do not sigh, and refrain from
wailing and bemoaning; for agitation
and moaning deeply affect his soul in
the divine realm. That beloved child
addresses thee from the hidden world,
thus: thou kind mother! Thank di-
vine Providence that I have been freed
from the narrow and gloomy cage and,
like unto the birds of the meadows, have
soared to the divine world
spacious, illumined, and ever gay and
jubilant. Therefore, lament not, 
mother, and be not grieved; I am not
of the lost ones and have not been ex-
terminated and destroyed. I have
shaken off the mortal form and have
raised the banner in this spiritual world.
Following this separation is everlasting
association. Thou shalt find me in the
heaven of the Lord, immersed in an
ocean of light."
Upon thee be El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani,
Haifa, Palestine, January 8, 1919.)

MR. AND MRS. RICHTER
To Mr. and Mrs. Charles Richter, Grand
Haven, Michigan--Upon them be
El-Abha!
He Is God!
ye two patient souls!
Your letter was received. From the
death of that beloved youth and due to
his separation from you, the utmost sor-
row and grief have been occasioned; for
he flew away in the flower of his age
and the bloom of his youth to the heav-
enly nest. But as he has been freed
from this sorrow-stricken shelter and has
turned his face toward the everlasting
nest of the Kingdom and has been de-
livered from a dark and narrow world
and has hastened to the sanctified realm
of light therein lies the consolation of
our hearts.
The inscrutable divine wisdom under-
lies such heart-rending occurrences. It
is as if a kind gardener transfers a fresh
and tender shrub from a narrow place to
a vast region. This transference is not
the cause of the withering, the waning
or the destruction of that shrub; nay
rather, it makes it grow and thrive,
acquire freshness and delicacy and at-
tain verdure a11d fruition. This hidden
secret is well-known to the gardener
while those souls who are unaware of
this bounty suppose that the gardener
in his anger and wrath has uprooted
the shrub. But to those who are aware,
this concealed fact is manifest and this
predestined decree is considered a favor.

