STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or rue West!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
thou for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant,.in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the Waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide~--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firwmess!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
TABLET FROM AB DUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE WEST, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promul gator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the \/Vest, they may become. inforined of the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Editorial ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Vol. 10 Rahmat 1, 75 (June 24-, 1919) N0 6
News from the Holy Land and Persia
Letter from SHOGHI containing recent Tablet revealed for a well-
known Bahai of Teheran.
Haifa, Palestine,
April 25, 1919.
Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi, Chicago.
My dear brother in the love of God:
As there has been a lull and decrease
of activity in Abdul-Ba-ha's ever-widen-
ing correspondence these days, I find
ample time at my disposal to write you
this letter acknowledging the receipt of
your letters that have been sent to me
and those supplications which you have
forwarded to the beloved Master. I
profit moreover by the occasion to give
you the news of the Beloved 's health and
safety and a summary of the news of the
Holy Land. Since the dispatch of your
last Tablet dated January 10th, 1919,
four supplications, enclosing other sup-
plications from the friends, have been re-
ceived from you as well as two letters
addressed to me and dated February 28th
and March 6th. The contents of all these
letters have been fully exposed to the
Beloved and have received his due and
full consideration, a detailed Tablet in
answer to all your questions has been
revealed for you this afternoon and will
be duly dispatched. The second (or mid-
dle) name granted to your dear daugh-
ter is Habibeh, after the name of her
respected grandmother. Convey my
greetings and my best wishes to your
dear wife who, I hope, is enjoying good
health and is collaborating with you in
your indefatigable services to the Cause
of God.
As to the news of the Holy Land,
many and varied they are in these signif-
icant, memorable days. Friends from
France, as M. and Mme. Dreyfus-Barney;
from England, as Major Tudor-Pole;

