STAR OF THE WEST
"'We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. S0 it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 10 Asma l, 75 (August l, 1919) N0. 8
What is Truth?
Br STANWOOD 
GGWHAT is truth?" So asked a
Roman governor and jurist in
a time when the moral and spiritual
horizon of the World Was undergoing a
tremendous expansion; when the old
values Were changing, a.nd the new had
not yet been established; when a great
Manifestation of God was upon earth,
and men knew it not. Yes, and it was to
this very Manifestation that the stern
Roman governor addressed himself.
Christ had already said, am the Way,
the truth, and the life." Pilate had the
earnestness to inquire, but not the ca-
pacity to receive, the truth.
"Vllhat is the truth?" This question
is asked today as eagerly as in the days
of Imperial Rome. Again there is a
vital shifting of values; a running to
and fro; a falling away from the old
and an earnest search for the new. What
must one believe'? 'Where pin one 's
faith'?
Is truth to be found in the old denom-
inationalismt If so, it is a very divided
truth, a truth in rebellion against itself;
and that cannot be, for truth is harmo-
nious, catholic, whole. Is it to be found
in any one of the existing World relig-
ions to the exclusion of all others'? So
once thought the adherents of each great
World religion. But truth as the exclu-
sive possession of one race, of one relig-
ion, is as illogical as that truth should
be confined to one sect.
Is truth then relative? God forbid.
It is neither fractional, nor formless.
Truth is one for the whole world; one
and indivisible, for the whole universe.
In 1867 in Adrianople,
on his Way to years of exile and
imprisonment in the Holy Land, de-
clared himself to be "The Promised
One and of his inspired words he
says, "This is that which descended
from the Source of Majesty, through
the tongue of power and strength upon
the prophets of the past. We have taken
its essences and clothed them with the
garment of brevity as a favor to the be-
loved, that they may fulfill the Covenant
of God."
What is the truth which 
taught? That God exists. That He can
be known only through His Manifesta-
tions. That He has manifested Him-
self to the World at different epochs and
in different lands. That He is again
manifesting Himself to the world, to ful-
fill His promise; and to satisfy the ex-
pectation of every religion and every
race for a great Leader, who should lead
mankind into the Promised Land; who
should initiate the movement which
should not end until all had become
children of the Kingdom; who should
lay down the principles of a spiritual-
ized humanity, exemplifying them in his
own character and life.
What are those principles which BA-
laid down for the guidance
of humanity'! But first let us ask our-
selves What, if one had the opportunity
and the choice to create an ideal religion
answering to all the needs of humanity,
We question, would he its na-
ture?

