130 STAR OF THE 
year after year lest we forget its importance and neglect our responsibility in
relation to it'? Were those wonderful words of assurance and promise intended
only for the Editors? Can those faithful and well-tried workers continue to
stand unaided in a large degree and still be expected to bring the above words
to pass? Shall they continue to be asked to make bricks with straw"? Can the
STAR or THE WEST become "the first paper of the world of humanity" without
a hearty co-operation of all believers of this Faith? Gan it live and grow and
become a power in the world without sacrifice on the part of us all?
Other magazines may come into existence which are really worth while, but
that does not constitute them official organs of this Cause.
Our little nineteen-day messenger is far too limited in space. Each issue
should be rich in the inspirational utterances of and Abdul-Baha
with plenty of space allowed for the glad news coming from all parts of the
world and the various Bahai assemblies. The teachers going abroad to sow the
seeds of truth should send in their live reports knowing that there will be room
for them in the very next number.
Every now and then we hear such expressions from those who are real
seekers for Truth, as the following: "What mines of wealth one finds in looking
over the back numbers of the STAR or THE or, came across such a
wonderful compilation of the Words of Abdul-Baha on a certain subject which
I had read long ago but did not grasp its meaning or make it mine before;"
again, "a wonderful confirmation has come to me by the reading of such and
such an article in the STAR or THE 
Yes, this little publication has become an archive of many hidden jewels
which may be discovered by all who search for them.
When we look over the news-stands of today found on every hand we are
amazed to see the immense sales going on every day in the year. And what are
the contents of the larger part of these periodicals? Only fictitious stories writ-
ten to feed the sense life and cater to morbid imaginations. have become a
11ation of novel readers until the sciences and realities of life are largely lost
sight of and the minds of the people have become too blunted by this overdose
of fiction to relish the real drama of life about us.
When shall we awake from our lethargy? When shall We determine to
make our official organ a living power in the East and the West and so cause
it to become a phenomenal success"?
Beloved readers, let us hasten to honor the official organ of our great
Leader and Teacher before, perchance, its sun shall set behind the clouds of neg-
ligence and lack of faith.
Let us arise without delay and surprise the world by our breadth and bigness
of vision and be able to place our magazine on the news-stands of America to be
sold to the busy passerby who may never catch the rays of the rising sun of this
great day of God from any other source.
May God speed the efforts to radiate this light while the opportunity is at
hand.

