76 STAR OF THE WEST
Tablets of Abdul-Baha recently revealed
SANTA BARBARA ASSEMBLY
To the friends of God and the maid-servants of the Merciful, Santa Barbara,
them be El-Abha!
is God!
ye sons and daughters of the Kingdom!
Praise ye God for having entered into this Great Cause which is the
illumination of the universe and the promulgator of the Oneness of the
world of humanity. Ye have been freed from every prejudice and are exercising
the utmost love and kindness to all religions. Ye love all men and seek service
to the world of humanity.
Santa Barbara was an ordinary girl, but as she sacrificed her life and her
soul for Christ, consider ye how resplendently, like unto a star, she shines
from the horizon of the world.
Even until the present day her light is still resplendent.
Upon ye be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, January 26, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.) 
CLEVELAND ASSEMBLY
To the friends of God and the maid-servants of the Merciful, Cleveland, Ohio.>>-
Upon them be E1-Abha!
is God!
ye sons and daughters of the Kingdom!
Your letter was received. From its contents it was known that, praise
be to God, your hearts are in the utmost purity and your souls are gladdened
by the glad-tidings of God. The mass of the people are occupied with self
and desire, are immersed in the ocean of the nether world and are
captives of the world of nature, save those souls who have been freed from
the chains and fetters of the material world and like unto swift-flying birds
are soaring in this unbounded realm. They are awake and vigilant, they shun
the obscurity of the world of nature, their highest wish centers around the
eradication of the struggle for existence, the shining forth of the spirituality and
the love of the realm on high, the exercise of utmost kindness among men,
the realization of an intimate and close connection among religions and the
practice of the ideal of self-sacrifice. Then will the world of humanity be
transformed into the Kingdom of God.
In fine, ye friends, exert ye an efiort. Every expenditure is in need
of an income. This day, in the world of humanity, men are all the time
expending, for war is nothing but the consummation of men and of wealth. At
least engage ye in a deed of profit to the world of humanity that ye may
partially compensate that loss. Perchance, through the divine confirmations,
ye may be assisted in promulgating amity and concord among men, in sub-
stituting love for enmity, in causing universal peace to result from universal

