STAR OF THE WEST 219
ther proof of your well-known generos-
ity and care of the poor, who will for-
ever bless-you for your liberality on
their behalf. Please accept the sincerest
assurance of my deepest regards and re-
spect. (Signed) G. A. Stanton, Colonel,
Military Governor."
This undoubtedly will be a stimulus
for the indifferent rich men of the city
who will be urged to put their ha11ds
very deeply in their pockets in order to
allay the suffering and distress which
in spite of all these activities is still
prevalent.
The supplications that have come to-
day abound with refreshing news. A
letter from Bombay discloses the rise of
newly attracted friends, particularly
Youssef Aledollah who is one of the well
known Khagetes of India. He, with
Mirza Mahmood Zargkani, is yearning
to visit the Beloved and will be delighted
to hear of the granting of their permis-
sion. From Lausanne, Switzerland, Mr.
Riaz Selim writes that the friends of
God including Mr. Schwarz, Miss Kno-
bloch, Mr. Herrigel are all, large and
small, old and young, healthy and sick,
at home and abroad, glad of the events
that have recently transpired; they are
all one soul in different bodies, united,
agreed, serving and aiming to serve the
oneness of the world of humanity. From
southern Palestine, a letter from Sheik
Amin Halabi who had drunk plentifully
from the fountain of inspiration during
his last stay with Abdul-Baha, indicates
the attraction of two souls, deeply in-
terested, eagerly seeking and wide awake
to the new spirit of the present age.
His stay in Jerusalem on his way to
Beersheba had yielded good fruits and
of this he was proud and for it grateful.
A detailed supplication from Juanita
Storch, exquisitely written, reveals the
sentiments of love and of thankfulness.
I have already quoted few of her char-
acteristic lines and I cannot prevent my-
self from sharing with you some of its
charming passages:
"How quickly these days of whirling
activities are passing. History is being
made in the twinkling of an eye. How
storm-tortured the world is. When will
it recover from the storms of hatred of
mental crashing, of heart--torn agonies?
Yea, and still the great Spirit hovers
over us, daily waiting, patiently holding
out its loving arms silently growing
more and more passionate in its desire
for the love of its people.
"An angel of hope walks through the
Rizwan of Abha. Upon her shoulder is
poised a vase filled with the rose petals
of love and upheld by the right hand of
wisdom. She walks through the olive
groves of peace and by the beds of the
sweet hyacinths of knowledge and over
to the fountain of mercy. Here she
kneels on the steps and sets her vase
under the spray of the fountain.
The petals in the vase are soon covered
with the water. Then this angel of hope
sets this rose jar out in the brilliant
Sun of Truth and leaves it there. After
many days the essence of the roses gath-
ers as oil on the surface of the water.
precious attar of the fragrances of
God!
picture of the Master comes to
me as he holds his rosary in hand out-
stretched to all who heed to this
heavenly call. A picture of the Master
comes to me as he holds his rosary, think-
ing of friends both far and near as
pearls of his heart. A picture of the
Master comes to me as he holds his ros-
ary, chanting in a prayerful hour,
'Glory to the Most Great Power.' 
To this profusion of genuine senti-
ments a11d to this authoress of tender
feelings, Abdul-Baha not only spends
the days in revealing his words of ap-
preciation, but even until late at night
when everything is hushed in silence and
every tongue is at rest, then does the
wakeful Beloved reveal his soothing
words and his precious lines. The ex-
perience of last night afforded a striking
illustration and evidenced the close at-
tachment the Beloved feels for his
friends and his maid-servants. As I am

