STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 10 Rahmat 1, 75 (]une Z4, 1919) No. 6
Unveiling of the Divine Plan for the Southern States
Second talk by AHMAD SOHRAB at the Eleventh Annual 
Convention and Bahai Congress held in McAlpin Hotel, New
York City, April 26th-30th, 1919.
says in the Book 
Akdas:
"It behooveth the one who hath drunk
today the Elixir of Life from the hand
of his Lord, the Merciful, to be pulsat-
ing like unto an artery in the body of
the universe; thus the world may be
moved through him and every moulder-
ing bone be clothed with flesh."
Today the world of humanity is hun-
gry for the Bread of Life and thirsty
for the Water of Truth. Now that men
have realized more than ever before that
all their former institutions have been
based upon a foundation of sand, they
are trying to do away with all the past
evils and build, on the solid rock of the
Word of God, a palace of human pros-
perity which shall last forever. No
doubt this new structure will not be
built by a single man or by a single
nation. It is only through the co-oper-
ation and mutual assistance of all men
and of all races and all climes that this
divine edifice will be raised. Its foun-
dation must be laid in the hearts, and
its Walls rise to the seventh heaven of
human consciousness. It is only through
the power of God and the love of hu-
manity that the builders Will be inspired
to set aside their national prejudices and
traditions, merging them in the strong
white light of internationalism and
brotherhood. For has it not been said
of old: "Love conquers everything."
Vlithout love nothing succeeds, nothing
goes forward. When altruism and the
love of God join hands, then we have
really a dynamic and divine civilization.
And it is only through the establish-
ment of this divine civilization, that hu-
manity shall enter through the portals
of regeneration into the garden of
Truth.
It is evident' that every institution,
both religious and social, has been sub-
jected in the past to the law of change
and modification. Most of the former
movements, because they could not adapt
themselves to a new environment, became
little by little static, lost their pliability
and elasticity, became lifeless and died
from inanition. But in this age the law
of-religious truth and social energy has
taught us a new lesson, i. a movement
cannot survive the of the ages
unless it is permeated with a strong telic
policy.
Now I believe from what you have seen
and experienced of the Bahai Movement
--have felt the effects of its ethical and
practical laws and its religious and sci-
entific may assert that of
all other movements of the last age, this
Movement is endowed with an extra-
ordinary amount of telic energy and the
power of adaptation. The unveiling
of the great Tablets to the believers of
the Northeastern States must have de-
monstrated to you, in a striking manner,
What this power of adaptation and telic
energy must mean to the Bahais in the

