32 STAR OF THE WEST
they may be in two different countries. I am therefore thy mate in association
in songs and melodies!
Upon thee be El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, January 10, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)
BELLE LUXMORE
To the maid-servant of God, Belle B. her be 
E1-Abha!
He Is God!
thou respected one!
Praise God and be grateful that thou hast become the recipient of divine
bounty, has illumined thy sight and heart with the light of guidance, hast
responded to the call of the Herald of the Kingdom and hast turned thy face
to the Most Exalted Summit.
Appreciate thou the value of this supreme bounty and praise and thank
the Lord day and night.
Upon thee be El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shogi Rabbani. January 10, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)
HENRIETTA WAGNER
To the maid-servant of God, Henrietta Clark Wagner, Akron, her
be El-Abha!
He is God!
thou firm in the Covenant!
Thy letter dated October 24, 1918, was received. Praise be to God that,
like unto the shower of bounty, thou hast caused every soil to be fertile and
every plantation luxuriant.
Thou Wert only complaining of Cleveland. The reason Why this inactivity
prevails is because some heedless and thoughtless ones are corresponding with
some of the people of that city. But this depression and inactivity is like unto
a mist which the Sun of Truth shall eventually dissipate through the heat of
its rays. Thus the obscurity of error shall give Way to the morn of guidance.
Praise be to God, thou art engaged in service and art occupied in promul-
gating the Divine Teachings.
Appreciate thou the merit of such confirmed deed and thank thy Lord
for it day and night. The gratitude for this favor consists in thy adoption of
divine morals, thy teaching the Cause of God and thy holding fast to His
Covenant.
I beg for thee the Bounty, the Favor and the Blessings of God.
Forward the enclosed letters.
Upon thee be El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Amsas.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, January 10, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)

