STAR OF THE 107
witness that these divine teachings are
the very spirit of this age, and the light
of this cycle; humanity will never find
peace and tranquillity without the
spreading of these teachings, nor will it
attain perfect civilization.
In all temples, gatherings, assemblies
of the West Abdul-Baha has spread
these teachings inost forcibly. Not a
single person could oppose him, nobody
raised an objection. Everyone listened,
and with great applause and in the ut-
most respect manifested their approva.l.
No one was found who said: "This is
only the legends of the past." Even in
a meeting of atheists a detailed address
was delivered. Everybody approved of
it and it was published in the American
papers. Likewise in Oxford (England)
an address was given, and also at the
University of California in San Fran-
cisco [Leland Stanford, Jr. University,
Palo Alto] were explained a part of the
divine teachings. Everywhere I met
with approval, but the Persians are still
asleep. So great a blessing has been
manifested in Persia, such a bejeweled
crown has been set on its head a
thousand times alas! that the Persians
do not appreciate it and are suffering
from neglecting religion. May God end
it well. Praise he to God! All future
events were clearly, openly and explicitly
revealed in previous Tablets, some fifty
years ago, others thirty years ago. All
have come to pass, and yet the Persians
are negligent!
The Eternal be to His
Greatest Name I--proclaimed this Su-
preme Cause under fetters, hoisted this
remarkable standard i11 the midst of
prison and has given rise to such commo-
tion! Yet the Persians are slumbering!
The people of the "lest consider the East
as inhabited by Wild tribes and refer to
it as a vile race, low and unfavored;
now the power of the "Greatest Name has
had this deep effect in the hearts of the
people of the 'West and in all the coun-
tries of the world there are groups re-
specting Persia.
Notwithstanding the manifestations of
this great power, the Persians are still
unaware and are immersed in heedless-
ness. Be admonished, ye people of light!
The one to whon; God has refused the
light, he is deprived thereof.
In brief, we hope that the friends of
God will be confirmed in the path of
guidance and will remain and abide at
the threshold of the Eternal Beauty.
Upon thee be Baha-el-Ahhal
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
('I'ranslated by Shoghi Rabbi-ini,
April 25th, 1919.)
"Every latest (new) order should be acted upon because
the general conditions vary and change"
REGENT TABLETS TO DR. BAGDADI
To his honor Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi, Ohi-
cago, Ill.~Upon him 'be 
El-Abba!
He Is God!
thou who art firm in the Covenant!
Thy numerous and successive letters
have been perused in their meanings, and
now we answer thee these general in-
quiries which thou hast asked. This is
of my love for thee and tenderness to-
ward thee. I ask God to confirm all in
spirit and fragrance, to change every
darkness into light that will illumine the
universe; to make the hearts united and
combined as the mixing of water and
wine, so that all may arise for the ele-
vation of the Vwlord of God and the dif-
fusion of the teachings of God; the
ahandoninent of every mention that does
not inherit a gift from God.
As to Dr. Barton-Peeke: I ask God to
make her the sign of firmness in the hor-
izons.
As to Mr. George Lesch: Verily, he
has attained to the meeting of his Lord
in the Kingdom of Abha, and he is say-
ing, wish my people knew how my

