STAR OF THE WEST 183
from pitiable sisters their brethren, this
war has turned millions of' women into
widows and destitute of husbands, this
war has made cities desolate, this war
has made the very foundations of man-
kind quake and quiver. If in future,
women, like unto men; are given the
franchise, assuredly they shall prevent
the occurrence of war; whereas, other-
wise the matter will be diflicult. Man
is sanguinary and even worse than dc-
vouring beasts. Of what use is exhorte-
tion and to what amounts admonition?
A mighty power is necessary in order
to make an effective opposition, other-
wise it will be exceedingly difficult. I
pray God that the world of women may
be assisted and confirmed for their pur-
pose is universal peace."
You know how it is yourself in this
new era in which we are living; how
difficult we find our situation every-
where. For instance, here is the man
of the old order who nevertheless has
been endowed with new ideas and he
has to have a little struggle with him-
self when instead of handing out to his
wife the customary quarter for bread
and tea, he is obliged to say, "My dear,
my bank account is open to you," and
then accept with humility the number
of checks which pour in for cashing,
as a result of the new and inexperienced
liberty which this woman -is enjoying.
And on the other hand, you know, it
seems pa little queer to the new woman
who has submitted always and whose
grandmothers have submitted always, to
begin suddenly to realize what it means
to 'not only boss the household but boss
the head of the household as well
(laughter)--frequently realizing that
unless she bosses the head of the house-
hold the household will go to the 
tion bow-wows, so to speak (laughter).
And you know what says
to us about the world of the past, about
the world of the present; that it is a
world of animalism, a world of cruelty,
a world of self-indulgence, and that he
says also this world of the past has
been governed by force. That day has
ended. The world of the future is to
be governed by love. The world of the
future is to be ruled by the spirit, not
by the arm of law, even in the old
sense, but by that new and wonderful
knowledge of our nearness to that heav-
enly source of light which alone can
give us wisdom and alone can carry us
to the acme of our success and attain-
ment in this world.
Look at it, this question of man and
woman, from the point of view of the
ideal which Abdul-Baha ofiers to us.
A Man is the objective side of existence.
Man is the objective ac-tor in existence.
He is the individual who does things
outwardly. And what is woman? Wo-
man is the subjective element in exist-
ence. While man is the fighting one,
woman is the praying one. While man
wields all the material forces of exist-
ence into the forms which he chooses,
Woman waits and listens for the pat-
tern to be given through which those
forces and into which those forces may
be moulded. Always in the past the
world has been dominated only by the
objective side of its existent power. ls
it any wonder we have had wars? Is it
any wonder we have had inharmony
after inharmony and injustice after in-
justice, and that again and again, in
the eras of our history, we have had to
confess that we have completely forgot-
ten God?
And now suddenly what does Abdul-
Baha say to us: That henceforth wo-
men are to be equal in franchise with
the men, that women are to be equal in
power with the men, that women are to
sit in our council halls and women are
to be recognized as our counselors.
Why? They are the element of love.
They are the element of creation, they
are the medium through which God
speaks to the world. And do you not
stop in reverence and fold your hands
in prayer as you gaze forward and
(Continued on page 186)

