4-0 STAR OF THE TVEST
ingly difficult. I pray God that the world of women may be assisted and con-
firmed f0r their purpose is Universal Peace.
At present the friends of God must lay aside all thoughts and preoccupa-
tions and concentrate their energies upon the proclamation of the Cause of
God and the divine teachings which lay the foundation of Universal Peace.
I supplicate and pray to the Divine Kingdom and beg for the friends of
New York assistance and confirmation that they may, day by day, fortify the
bonds of amity and union and may become the cause of the spreading of the
Word of God.
Upon thee be El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi R-abbani, January 9, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)
SARAH GERTRUDE HARRIS
To the maid-servant of God, Sarah Gertrude Harris, New York her
be El-Abha! .
Is God!
thou my beloved daughter!
Your letter dated November 13th was received. Its contents occasioned
infinite grief, for it spoke of the ascension of that illumined youth. Indeed in
the rose garden of God that young man was like unto a shrub in its utmost
freshness and promising good fruits. \Vhoever has seen him or heard him has
undoubtedly been shocked and grieved at the news of his passing away.
However, although that peerless shrub has sought separation from the
Woods of the nether world, yet, it has appeared fully adorned a11d resplendent in
the rose garden of the World on-high in the Abha Paradise. That divine bird
has flown away from this mortal and nest" has ascended to the Kingdom
of God and has been engaged in singing the sweet melodies of praise and thanks-
giving on the lordly branches in the rose-garden of the Merciful. Happy is
he and blessed in his abode! He has reaped the result of life and has become
a fruitful tree. Grieve not therefore for his death and be not depressed.
\/Vith regard to his life insurance, act in accordance with his will. I have
perused his letter and have supplicated for him, from the threshold of Oneness,
an exalted station.
As to my presence in America for the laying of the corner-stone of the
Mashrekol-azkar, this depends upon the unity and harmony among all the
friends of God. For their union is like unto a lodestone which draws me to.
their shores.
I have been gladdened by the news you have conveyed of the gathering of
the friends and their union and affiliation.
Convey the utmost kindness on my behalf to Bahaya. I hope that Mr.
Harris Will fully recover, and engage as it ought to be in the service of the Lord.
The relatives who are here all convey to you their longing greeting.
Upon thee be El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, January 28, 1919. Home of Abdul-Baha,
Haifa, Palestine.)

