STAR OF THE VVEST 109
tified from the darkness of the world
of nature and its limitations, enkindled
with the fire of the love of God and at-
tracted to the fragrances of God.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA ABBAS.
(May 18th, 1919.)
"The economic teachings shall, henceforth, be
written in detail"
REGENT TABLET TO JULIET THOMPSON
To the maid-servant of God, Miss Juliet
Thompson, New York her
be El-Abha!
He Is God!
thou daughter of the Kingdom!
Numerous letters have been received
from you and their contents noted. At
present the presentation of a letter to
the Presidents is not advisable, for they
are occupied.
Convey my respectful greeting to Mrs.
Barbee of St. Louis and say: hope
that in this nether world thou shalt at-
tain unto a heavenly light, thou Wilt
free the souls from the gloom of nature,
which is the animal world, and cause
them to reach the lofty stations in the
human world. Today all the people of
the World, except a small number of
souls, are immersed in the world of na-
ture. That is why thou dost witness
jealousy, greed, struggle for existence,
deception, hypocrisy, tyranny, oppres-
sion, dispute, strife, bloodshed, loot and
pillage, all of which emanate from the
world of nature. But few are those who
have been freed from this darkness, who
have ascended from the world of nature
to the world of man, who have followed
the divine teachings, have served the
world of humanity, who are resplendent,
merciful, like unto a rose-garden and
illumined. Strive as much as possible
i11 order to beeolne God-like, Lordly, il-
lumined and merciful, that thou mayest
be freed from every bond and become
attached at heart to the Kingdom of the
incomparable Lord. This is Bahai
bounty and this is heavenly light."
Convey to the maid-servant of God . . .
greeting and kindness. On her behalf
I supplicate and entreat at the Kingdom
of Abha, in the utmost humility and
lowliness, that she may be assisted to
conduct herself in accordance with the
divine teachings.
Convey my greeting and kindness to
Mark Tobey, Howard Ives, Agnes Alex-
ander and Frances Fales.
Convey my message to Mrs. Lehmann
and say: "Service to the friends is
service to the Kingdom of God, and the
consideration shown to the poor is one
of the greatest instructions of God."
Convey on my behalf the utmost kind-
ness to Mr. Comfort (Will Livingston
Comfort) and say: "Whe11 in the mid-
night hour the is awakened, afieo-
tionate sentiments are felt."
thou Juliet! Endeavor in thy pro-
fession that thou mayest secure comfort
for thy respected mother.
Convey to Marjory Morten my greet-
ing and my message.
Sayunto"Strive as
much as you can to turn wholly toward
the Kingdom, that ye may acquire innate
courage and an ideal power."
Convey longing greeting to Chaplain
Purser.
Convey on my behalf the utmost re-
spect to Rev. Van Kirk and say: "Re-
flect upon the past events during the
time of Christ; present events shall be-
come clear and manifest."
Convey my message to . . . . and say:
also pray that your dear friend may
be illumined with the light of ever-
lasting life."
Convey my message to Frieda Bullin-
ger and say: "If until eternity thou re-
mainest grateful to Mrs. Grace, thou
shalt not acquit thyself, for she has

