110 STAR OF THE WEST
caused thee to harken to the divine call
and to turn thy face to the divine King-
dom. I hope that thou shalt acquire
health and prosperity. 
The economic teachings shall, hence-
forth, be written in detail.
On behalf of thy aunt, forgiveness has
been solicited from the Threshold of
Oneness.
Convey my greeting to Dr. Guthrie
and Mr. Ledoux. From the bounties of
God I ask that these two souls may be
the cause of the promulgation of divine
teachings, may proclaim the oneness of
the world of humanity, may spread the
cause of universal peace, that ignorant,
religious, racial, political and even pa-
triotic prejudices may vanish and the
earth may become one home and all peo-
ples be unified; and the same with the
other divine teachings Which are re-
corded in the Tablets and Epistles.
Convey my greeting to Dr. Guthrie
and Kalil Gibran and say: "In the
future some Tablets will be sent that ye
may translate them, and, having trans-
lated them, print them."
To Mr. Bouck VVhite say: "If thou
seekest real liberty, thou shalt find it in
the Bahai Movement."
I hope thy respected mother will grow
better in health and Mrs. Maxwell may
attain unto perfect health.
A letter will be written to Mrs. Krug
and Miss Boylan, and being enclosed, de-
liver it to them.
Convey to each and all the friends the
most Wonderful Abba greeting. . . . .
Upon thee be El-Abha!
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, April
-eith 1919, Haifa, Palestine.)
"Undoubtedly, the Standard of Universal Peace
shall be unfurled"
RECENT TABLET TO MRS. J. STANNARD
(Copy of Tablet revealed for Mrs. J.
Stannard of London, Eng.)
thou who art attracted to the King-
dom of God!
Thy letter dated December 26th was
received. I praised the Lord for having
protected the friends all throughout the
war that has now subsided. All mankind
was held in the grip of anguish, and
calamities afflicted every soul, while the
safety of the friends constituted one of
the greatest gifts. For that we thank God
and pray that He may confer upon every
one that which will illumine the hearts,
refresh the souls, bestow light to the eyes
and brighten the visions; and that is the
dawn of the Sun of Truth upon all re-
gions, from the horizon of universal
peace.
Praise be to God, whatever was re-
corded fifty years ago in the Tablets
and Epistles, has in these days been
fully realized. Undoubtedly the stand-
ard of. universal peace shall be un-
furled, its legions shall conquer, its
call shall be raised, its rays shall beam
forth upon all lands. At present it is
only the dawn of its morn, for its sun
shall shine in full splendor upon all
regions. As to thee, rest thou assured
in the bounty of thy Lord, and if pos-
sible travel thou to the Holy Land and
thence to Egypt or Europe as thou
choosest.
Convey greetings and praise to the
friends and maid-servants of the Merci-
ful. In the utmost humility and lowli-
ness I entreat the powerful, and the
Omnipotent God that He may confirm
them with that which pleases Him; that
He may draw the hearts together, cause
displeasure to Vanish in the twinkling
of the eye, and that thou mayest be the
cause of joy and fragrance among the
servants of the Merciful.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Shoglii Rabbani, Jan-
uary 30th, 1919, Haifa, Palestine.)

