STAR OF THE IVE-ST 127
of the breaths of the Holy Spirit.
"The believers in the Central States
must, through this all-conquering power,
free the inhabitants from the claws of
self, negligence, lust and imagination.
The at-traction of the power of the Holy
Spirit is so effective that it keeps men
ever on the path of upward ascension.
The malevolent forces of no enemy will
touch those sanctified souls who have
made this universa.l poiver their guide.
With tranquil heart and assured spirit
they are flying upward day and night
and are journeying through the illi1nit-
able space of the teachings of Bani-

"The believers in America must be
like lighthouses, and search-
lights, so that in the tenipestuous sea of
the World the arks of lives may reach
the haven of security. Each individual
Bahai must be a life-saver Who, facing
the rough waves of the sea, may plunge
into the Whirlpool and save the souls
from drovvning. To sit, to talk, to listen
is no virtue in that. To rise, to
act, to is a Bahai life.
"The sincerity and earnestness of the
friends in the Central States must ap-
pear through deeds. Deeds are the
stan dardsl I have done all that is neces-
sary. I have drawn for them the Plan
of God which must guide them through
all the coming years. I have explained
to them the principles of 
New the promotion of those principles
depends upon their co-operation with
each other and their turning their faces
to the Kingdom of Abha. Witlioiit
Walking, a traveler will not reach his
destination. Vllithout working, a poor
man will not obtain Wealth. V\7ithout
diving to the bottom of the sea, a diver
will not gather pearls and corals, and
Without going through the lower classes,
a. student Will not be able to take up the
higher courses in sciences and literat.ure.
"The believers of God, in reality, dis-
play much effort; but this effort must be
expended in the right direction. A sa-
gacious thinker will always perceive the
end before he takes up a certain kind of
Work. A youth desiring to prepare him-
self for a medical career must study
those courses which are directly or indi-
rectly connected with his profession, so
that he may be-come efficient and skillful.
Consequently, the friends of God must
themselves become the fountain heads of
divine characteristics and attributes, and
then call others to this exalted station.
They must first be attracted and enl;in-
dled, then try to attract a11d enkindlc
others. Let them cleanse their own
hearts like unto clear mirrors, then
strive in the of the hearts of
mankind.
"In brief, I hope that the friends in
the Central States may become assisted
in rendering these great services. May
they become centers of merciful suscep-
tibilities and spiritual guides to the
Kingdom of Abha! From every stand~
point, Ways and means for the teacliing
of the Cause of God must be prepared.
The question of teaching, like any other
question, is evolutionary and not revo-
lutionary. This matter must become
very plain to everyone, so that all the
friends, like so many spirits in one tem-
ple, may arise in the accomplishment of
this great service.
"When the foundation of the 
kol-Azkar is laid in America, and that
divine edifice is completed, a most Won-
derful and thrilling motion will appear
in the World of existence. The Mashre-
kol-Azkar will become the center around
which all these universal Bahai activities
will be clustered. From that point of
light, the spirit of teaching, spreading
the Cause of God and promoting the
teachings of God will permeate to all
parts of the world. I hope that ere long
the foundation of this celestial temple
will be laid~thus it may become condu-
cive to the happiness of the heart of
Abdul-Baha. All the inhabitants of the
World are in these days engaged in war-
fare and strife, but the friends of God
are striving with heart and soul to lay
the basis of this palace of the Kingdom;
(Continued on page 138)

