200
STAR OF THE WEST
like unto mirrors are in the utmost state of purity a11d translucency, and the
friends of God are in perfect attraction. Therefore it is hoped that meetings
of teaching will be organized and instituted, and for the diffusion of the fra-
grances of God wise teachers may be sent to cities, even to villages.
The teachers of the Cause must be heavenly, lordly and radiant. They
must be embodied spirit, personified intellect, and arise in service with the
utmost firmness, steadfastness and self-sacrifice. In their journeys they must
not be attached to food and clothing. They must concentrate their thoughts
on the outpourings of the Kingdom of God and beg for the Confirmations of
the Holy Spirit. With a divine power, with an attraction of consciousness,
with heavenly glad-tidings and celestial holiness they must perfume the nostrils
with the fragrances of the paradise of Abha.
COMMUNE
The f0ll0wing Commune is to be read by them every day:
God! God! This is a broken-winged bird and his flight is very
him so that he may fly toward the apex of prosperity and salvation,
wing his way with the utmost joy and happiness throughout the illimitable
space, raise his melody in Thy Supreme Name in all the regions, exhilarate the
ears with this call, and brighten the eyes by beholding the signs of guidance!
Lord! I am single, alone and lowly. For me there is no support
save Thee, no helper except Thee and no sustainer beside Thee. Confirm
me in Thy service, assist me with the cohorts of Thy angels, make me vic-
torious in the promotion of Thy Word and suffer me to speak out Thy wisdom
amongst Thy creatures. Verily, Thou art the custodian of the poor and the
defender of the little ones, and verily Thou are the Powerful, the Mighty and
the Unconstrained!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Ahmad Sohrab, April 1, 1919, Washington, D. C.)
When the original of the above Tablet
was corrected the next morning by Ab-
dul-Baha, he handed it to me and slapped
me hard on both my cheeks, laughing
heartily, saying: "It is very good. It
sticks. This was thy wage for today in
writing over that Tablet. Now let us
go and take a walk in the streets of
Acca." As he walked along the narrow
lanes, he turned his face to me and said:
"Speak!" The contents of the Western
Tablet being fresh in my-mind, I related
to the Master how in 1848 gold was dis-
covered in the stream gravels of Cali-
fornia, and how when the news was
spread, tens of thousands of persons in
the Eastern States left farms, factories
and homes in a mad rush for the gold
fields, and how many thousands died on
the way before reaching their goal.
The Beloved thought for awhile, and
then said: "Consider how men, in order
to gain wealth and honor, threw them-
selves in the midst of all kinds of danger!
How cheerfully they accepted all these
extraordinary hardships, left homes and
factories and traveled thousands of
miles through deserts and over moun-
tains, in order to reach the gold mines!
But now in this day the mines of the
Kingdom of Abha are being discovered,
and the precious jewels of the spirit are
exposed. These mines are inexhaustible.

