STAR OF THE WEST 61
attraction and earnestness, read the clos-
ing prayer from the holy Words, the
benediction of the Feast of Paradise.
This celebration of the Feast of El-
Rizwan was the beginning of a series of
meetings which constitute a great event
in the history of the_Cause. As these
gatherings continued from day to day
the eloquence of the speakers attained
new heights and the faith of the friends
and attraction of the hearts grew greater
The sources of life, to which the
friends looked, Were the Tablets of Ab-
dul-Baha, unveiled at each session of
the Congress, unfolding to the hearts and
minds the majestic power and unap-
proachable eloquence of the Word of
God. It Was the conquest of the might
of the Covenant of over
all regions of the earth. Praise be to
God, "who hath awakened us and made
us conscious. Verily out of the stones
Mmze AHMAD Somme
"Unveiling of the Divine Plan"
"Teaching Tablet of General Instructions"
Revealed by Abdul Baha_
Unveiling of Tablets
M158 AMY K. WILKINSON and PEARL Ponrse
Chairman
Reading of Commune appearing at the end of the Tablet
AHMAD S01~m.u3
Chanting of the Commune in Persian
NINTH SESSION BAHAI CONGRESS
8 o'clock P. M., Wednesday, April 30th
Chairman
T1-1om>soN, New York
Oacsu 
WILLIS Ammo
The time in your time! The hour is your hour! Mnlre ye firm steps! Raise ye
your _voioes! _Unetop your ears! Unloose your tongues in His glorification! Let
the d_ifi_erent suns revolve around the one greet Aim, end ruhmerge all the varieties
of opinion in the Colorless See of the Love of Behe'o'llsh!
H. RANDALL, Boston, Mass.
"The Doors of the Kingdom are Opened"
Serve ye your fellowmen. Help them under all circumstances. Inspire them with
your faith and ennoble them with your example. The Blessed Perfection has des-
tined for you this Divine Station. Work ye so that you may attein thereunto.
He has prepared for you most brillieut erowu--uot crown of an empire but the
Crown of social and spiritual service. Place it on your heads. He hes spread before
you banquet, adorned with all kinds of heavenly food. Glther ye around it and
do not deprive yourselves thereof. The Sun of His Mercy is shining. The Rains
oi His Clemency are pouring down. The Breezes of is Providence are waiting and
the Oceeu of His Bestowels is waving. Hastcn ye! Hnsten yel
"Floods of Spring.RachmamIn0_fi' I
l' Mirror.Femzrri 1
Rnv. R. Vnn, Chicago, Ill.
"The Servant of God"
"My Lovely Celia.M0n'ro 1
i Ame C1./trsuncx
MJIRZA Axum Sorm.~.B
"Unveiling of the Divine Plan"
The 14 original Tablets. Revealed by Abdul Baha
Chaimlan
i Reading of Commune appearing at the end of the Tablet
AHMAD Somun
Chanting of the Commune in Persian
14
and greater. Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, the
trusted messenger who came directly
from the holy presence of Abdul-Baha,
bringing the Tablets to America, spoke
at every session, giving evidence of a
new power which astonished as well as
pleased his friends of long ago. It was
a happy thought, too, on the part of the
program committee to have among the
speakers at the opening, some great souls
who have not outwardly identified them-
selves with the Cause, but whose expres-
sions so clearly showed the divine fire
which consumes the veils.
rs 7..
He can raise up children unto Abraham"
and out the dust has He chosen instru-
ments for His mention and praise!
The first session of the Congress on
the same evening followed the Feast of
El-Rizwan. Mr. Mountford Mills, of New
York, presided. Mr. Harlan Foster Ober,
of Boston, was introduced. In beautiful
words which seemed to flow as a limpid
stream, Mr. Ober impressed upon all the
greatness of the occasion when the Divine
Plan for teaching the whole world the
lessons of peace and righteousness was
to be revealed. He referred to the cycle

