l80 STAR OF
of the great historical pronouncements
of the world, we should speak of it as
the Declaration of Independence.
Today in the school houses, in the
halls of council, in the chambers of con-
gress, rarely indeed are the echoes of
the utterances of the great father of
our country silent. Today if you pick
up a dozen of the leading newspapers,
the possibility is that ten of them would
be again repeating his wonderful warn-
ings against "entangling alliances."
Thus contrasted, thus aligned, the Bahai
Message becomes an ordinance of the
most supreme inner significance, for its
pronouncement is "Take ye heed, be-
ware ye of entangling liniitations."
Think, think of a God's message so
curtailed, so foreshortened, that any of
His entities fall outside of its boundar-
ies unreached, unsurrounded, unin-
eluded. Such a message would not be
comforting, would not be assuring. It
would not be Godlike. It would not
be glorious, and it could not be Bahai.
A few days ago I read in one of the
London newspapers an article on litera-
ture, written by a special writer, in
which he said, amongst other things,
"The most read of the recent books is
the of Religion and Eth-
ics, a work of twelve volumes, ten al-
ready published." A holy father just
returned from Rome, was present at the
interview, and he added: "Yes, and
there is no book today more frequently
consulted in the Vatican than the one
you have just mentioned." If I were
permitted to write into that, "the great-
est recent book," a definition of the
Bahai Message, I think I would write,
"The Most Great Consummation of all
God's relationship, plans and purposes
bestowed upon humanity since that day
when in the beginning the Word was
God." Thus is it the Alpha and the
Omega.
A few moments ago we spoke about
the world being at variance. It might
seem a disconnected sequel to claim
these are victorious days, these are
THE WEST
triumphant days. This is the Wale of
of Words, and deeds pro-
claim the 'stati0n of the doer. Abdul-
Baha says: "Yes, these are great days,
the time of the end has come, the doors
of the Kingdom are open, the Supreme
Concourse is descending to assist all."
Yes, these are great days, for back to
memory, back to recognition, back to
acceptance, is coming the fact that man
is not merely the output of a system,
nor the by-product of a community, but
is a God-created, a God-claimed entity.
The Bahai teachings say, the honor and
the glory of man consists in the fact
that amongst the beings he is the dawn-
ing place of righteousness, and adds
Yes, and with divine assistance, the
peace, welfare and prosperity of the
world of humanity are in his hands.
The Bahai Message does not tell us that
all men are equal, but it tells us that the
crown of humanity rests upon all alike.
This Message, the incarnate power and
influence of affirms that
the birthmark, the reality of man is the
Throne of Divinity. The Manifestation
of today is not an accident; is not a
coincidence; is not merely history is
the voice and the will of God, -the
meaning and the entity of God. Ethi-
cally it is the spiritual complement to
the material development of mankind
today. I say it with the conviction of
every fibre of my being, that it is a
normal thing, that it is a logical thing,
that it is a fair-play thing, and with all
the awe and the veneration that my soul
is capable of, I say God could not, God
would not, God dare not, deny to that
thing which He says is "the dawning
place of righteousness," nay, would not
deny to him the opportunity of ascend-
ing to a spiritual height complementary
and coequal with his-permitted material
development. The power and the influ-
ence of will make this
mundane sphere of ours the great arena
in which this chosen thing of God, this
thing other teachings, all
other dogmas, all other predictions or

