16 STAR OF THE WEST
with which the Government should not
occupy itself. In reality, although they
appear to be matters between private
persons, these difficulties between pa-
trons and workmen produce a general
detriment; for commerce, industry, agri-
culture and the general affairs of the
country are all intimately linked to-
gether. If one of these suffers an abuse,
the detriment afiects the mass. Thus the
difficulties between workmen and manu-
facturers become a cause of general det-
riment.
The court of justice and the Govern-
ment have therefore the right of inter-
ference. When a difficulty occurs be-
tween two individuals with reference to
private rights, it is necessary for a third
to settle the question; this is the part
of the Government; then the question of
cause troubles in the
country and are often connected With
the excessive vexations of the workmen,
as well as with the rapacity of manufac-
turers--how could it remain neglected?
Good God! is it possible that, seeing one
of his fellow-creatures starving, desti-
tute o-f everything, a man can rest and
live comfortably in his luxurious man-
sion? He who meets another in the
greatest misery, can he enjoy his for-
tune? That is why, in the Religion of
God, it is prescribed and established that
wealthy men each year give over a cer-
tain part of their fortune for the main-
tenance of the poor and unfortunate.
That is the foundation of the Religion
of God, and the most essential of the
Commandments.
As now man is not forced nor obliged
by the Government, if by the natural
tendency of his good heart, with the
greatest spirituality, he goes to this ex-
pense for the poor, this will be a thing
very much praised, approved and pleas-
ing.
Such is the meaning of the good works
in the Divine Books and Tablets.
Salutations.
Three kinds of 
has many explanations, of
which the first is to stand bravely and
meet death unflinchingly in the path of
God, as those wonderful souls have re-
cently done in Persia without wavering
for an instant in constancy, nor, under
the hands of torture, denying for a sin-
gle moment their faith.
The second is to, little by little, de-
tach one 's heart entirely from this
world, laying aside, deliberately and
voluntarily, all vanities, wordly seduc-
tions, and devoting one 's self to the
Vineyard of God in whatsoever capac-
ity he is fitted to serve, letting every
action, word and deed become a telling
monument, a fitting praise and an ever-
lasting glory for His Holy Name!
The third consists in doing the hard-
est and most difficult things with such
willingness and self-sacrifice that all be-
hold it as your pleasure. To seek and
accept poverty with the same smile as
you seek and receive fortune. To make
the sad and sorrowful your associates,
instead of frequenting the society of
the careless and gay. To dress in such
a simple, plain manner that your ap-
pearance becomes a comfort to the poor
and an example to the rich. "To yield
to the decree of God and to be rejoiced
at the most violent calamities, even when
the suffering is beyond endurance."
And he who can fulfill these last con-
ditions becomes a martyr indeed. Then
your good deeds will be your garments,
your words of praise to God will be
your jewels, and your purity of spirit
will be your riches.
(A portion of a letter from one of
Abdul-Baha's daughters, l\/Ionever Kha-
num, to a Paris believer.)

