STAR OF THE WEST 297
contingent World is one which lies at the
very seat of economic difficulties. It is
called the law of the "survival of the'fit-
test;" this law is inexorable, it is merci-
less, it overcomes everything which as-
sumes to stand in its way, it is the car
of the Juggernaut, and in its course
mankind is as a How Well I
recall that splendid old professor, N. S.
S-haler of Harvard, when he said to us
in one of his lectures, as a means of
protest or anielioration of the inexor-
able character of this law of survival
which was first mentioned by the great
scientist Charles there is
another pre-eminent. law in this World of
creation, the esthetic law, the law of
beauty, and he gave us this illustra~
tion. He referred to the Irish elk, an
extinct animal which ages ago lived in
what is now Ireland. This great ani-
mal developed through the natura.l law
of esthetic beauty the most Wonder-
ful antlers. These antlers developed
through the process of the ages until
they were the most beautiful antlers of
any animal in the World. They have
been found in fossil condition, and it is
known that they grew to that degree of
beauty and size that the great elk in
running through the forests caught his
antlers in the high branches of the trees
and tore them off. Thus he became ex-
tinct. The Whole species perished by
bleeding to death. This animal became
extinct because in the contingent World
he found himself in the clutches of the
law of destruction, so that We see there
is no escape in the animal realm from
this-, even the law of_ selective beauty
did not save him. Although its traces
appear in this World as a foreshadow-
ing of the reality of the beauty of God,
yet it also, encompassed by the dominat-
ing power of the natural law of survival
of the fittest, became the agency of his
destruction. Likewise there is no escape
for mankind if he remain in these
clutches.
There is another great law, a great
intangible law, called by the economists
the law of "supply and demand." This
also is a law of duality, supply and de-
mand, ebb and flow, and in the face of
this law, mankind in the industrial sense
has been helpless from the dawn of his-
tory. Man has tried for centuries by
various measures of legislation and the
enactment of statutes to overcome or
modify this law, but Without any meas-
ure of success.
Today, we witness various attempts
in the legislatures of the World, espe-
cially in this country, to blunt the sharp
instrument of that law,--old-age pen-
sions, minimum Wage laws, have been
devised which it is believed will result
in ameliorating the conditions occasioned
by the application of this greater law,
but they are not adapted to the serious-
ness of the disease. The old age pen-
sion law is only the faintest trace of the
divine remedy which has been given us
today for the solution of sociological
needs. It attempts only to take care of
persons who have passed, for instance,
the age of sixty-five, and these are to be
given a mere pittance which in turn is
raised by various means from taxation,
but it entirely ignores those under this
age limit who are likewise subject to
vicissitudes. Consider how often that
men and women of thirty, forty, fifty
and sixty years find themselves the vic-
tims of this pitiless economic law,
through no fault of their own, and are
deprivted of the necessities of life, hav-
ing to turn to charitable organizations
or the almshouses for their food and
their shelter. The Widow and father-
less, left without means, find no relief
under this law. The young or middle-
aged, upon whom fortune has tempor-
rarily frowned, are left without remedy.
How frequently it is that such souls,
temporarily tided over the hard places,
become sources of economic Wealth to
their communities and countries. Is it
right that mankind should be subjected
to such humiliation and pauperism as
this? The old age pension plan Will
never care for these universal needs, it

