STAR OF THE 103
is only about twenty-three millions; not
much more than that of the Northeast-
ern States. The problem of how to reach
this great mass of humanity, and how to
spread the Message of the Kingdom in
all parts of the South, is a subject that
only time, knowledge and discretion will
disclose to us. It is not a matter to be
decided upon in a decade or two. Once
we are inspired with this glorious vision
of man 's spiritualization, a11d once there
is a telic policy guiding all our aims and
hopes, I am sure we will go on advancing
from step to step till the final goal is
achieved. We may not see that goal, but
still ours will be the greatest satisfac-
tion to have laid the foundation of this
work, not on the crumbling rocks of
human policies, but in the pure hearts of
men and women gathered here in this
meeting. Look on the map for a mo-
ment, andthe whole South is dotted with
large, thriving cities, the inhabitants
intelligent and hard Workers. I-Iere We
have Washington, with a population of
nearly 500,000, the Capital of the United
States, the seat of the National Govern-
ment, with the President and the Con-
gress; here also vve have the represent-
atives of the nations of the earth. Then
Baltimore, with more than 500,000; New
Orleans with about 350,000; Nashville
with 120,000 San Antonio with 100,00-0;
Richmond with 130,000; Memphis with
140,00-0; then Birmingham, Augusta,
Charleston, Chattanooga, Covington,
Fort Worth, Houston, Mobile, Oklahoma
City, Savannah, Wilmington, and many
others with large populations and pros-
perous agricultural and industrial com-
munities.
The Bahai Cause, whose basic spirit-
ual principles are the Fatherhood of
God and the brotherhood of man, must
permeate every stratum of society in the
South; so that this section may become
the paradise of glory, the nest of the
nightingale of Truth, the haven of secur-
ity and the land of joy and happiness,
flowing with milk and honey. All the
racial a.nd religious prejudices must be
wiped away, that every face may shine
with the light of the Kingdom. This,
I can assure you, is the supreme desire
of Abdul-Baha, and the sooner this ideal
condition is brought about, the nearer
we will be to the Golden Age of Uni-
versal Peace.
And now I must bring' this second
talk to at close by quoting to you two
short talks of Abdul-Baha. Here is the
first. Having looked over and corrected
the second Tablet to the South, he
handed it to me, saying:
"Come, my son, take it. I have cor-
rected it. The importance of this Tab-
let will be revealed in the future. In
these vast sixteen states the lights of the
Sun of Reality shall shine with great
power and the dark clouds of ignorance
and human prejudices will be dispelled
from its horizon. Mr. Gregory must
demonstrate a self-sacrificing spirit in
teaching the Cause amongst the black
race, diffuse the fragrances of God in
every part of the South, and let his cry
of 'Ya-Baha-cl-Abba!' reach to the apeir
of heaven, in their meetings, gatherings,
churches, colleges and schools. The be-
lievers of God with the utmost firmness
and steadfastness must go forth and
teach the heavenly institutes to the in-
habitants of the South. They must not
turn their faces from any difficulty.
Like unto a waving sea they must be
tumultuous and full of divine acclama-
tion, and similar unto the thankful birds
they must be always singing the songs
of love, light and life. Every person in
accordance with his capability and abil-
ity must 'engage in teaching the Cause
of God and show an effort in the illumi-
nation ot the souls, so that praiseworthy
results may appear and become mani-
fest from him. I desire nothing else
from the believers of those States save
teaching the Cause of His Highness, the
Almighty. See with what love, with
what attraction, with what exhilaration
I wrote this Tablet for them. One of
(Continued on page 111)

