STAR OF THE WEST 65
my life be a sacrifice to you," and per-
haps he does not realize the meaning
at all.
The station of sacrifice is the great
foundation. When you read the Old and
New Testament you will find that con-
stantly the Word sacrifice is mentioned.
It is recorded that the Israelites sacrificed
sheep that their sins might be forgiven.
In the time of Adam Cain made la sacri-
fice of sheaves of wheat and Abel made
sacrifice of sheep. Now this is a symbol,
and this persisted after the time of
Christ.
Vllhat is the symbol'? Just as the
sheep sacrificed its life likewise this
natural state of man which is the animal-
istic state must be sacrificed. How should
it be sacrificed'! The vices of the ani-
malistic state of man must be entirely
annihilated and he must be characterized
with divine virtues. It was a symbol
and before His Holiness Christ ap-
peared all the Israelitish prophets made
sacrifice of animals. This was a mystery
of a higher sacrifice, andwhen Christ
came he said, will sacrifice myself
for the sake of salvation of all." What
did he mean'? I-le meant, to change
their characters and in this Waymake
them heavenly, in this Way make them
God-like, spiritual and divine. This is
one of the meanings of sacrifice.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Star of the
West; Vol. 4, No. 12, p. 205.)
it
The greatest sacrifice is to forget one 's
self entirely, to sacrifice everything, as
did Christ.
(Words of Abdul-B-aha: Daily Les-
sons, 21. Re-ad all of this chapter.)

Behold a candle how it gives its light.
It wee-ps its life away, drop by drop,
in order to give forth its flame of light.
(Words of Ab-dul-Baha: From An
Early Pilgrimage,' by M-rs. May Max-
Well.)

I Wish for the happiness and pros-
perity of the believers even in this
material World, but they must not be
attracted by it or attached to it. Ex-
treme Wealth or utter poverty should be
equal to them.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Table Talks
with Abdul-Baha, p. 10.)
 
Concentrate the soul upon God so that
it may become as a fountain pouring out
the Water 0f_Life to a thirsty world.
Live up to the principles of sacrifice.
The World will then become as nothing
and be without power to attract you
away from God. Sacrifice your will to
the will of God. The Kingdom is at-
tained by the one who forgets self.
Everything becomes yours by renuncia-
tion of everything.
(W0-rds of Abdul-Baha: Ten Days in
the Light of Acca, p. 12.)
Sacrifice of life is of two kinds. To
be killed for the Cause is not_so difificult
as to live for it in absolute obedience to
the commands of God. To attain to the
condition of Mirza Abul Fazl*_ who cares
for nothing in this World save to Write
something for the Cause that will be of
benefit, or like Mirza Hayder Ali'l' who
cares not for money, clothes, or even
food, but only to teach someone some-
thing about the Kingdom is real attain-
ment to the plain of sacrifice. And With-
out attaining this condition all effort is
Without final result. One who cares for
love, for husband, wife or children more
than for the Cause of God has not
attained.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, August, 1913,
Ramleh.)
 

of the greatest and most saintly
of the Bahai teachers.

