12 STAR OF THE WEST
and transforms it mentally into what it
may be in the future, and projects it
before him. Such a man is the really
practical man.
"So long as the host saw God in the
pillar of cloud by day, and the pillar
of fire by night, they went forward with
confidence; they followed an ideal. It
was only when they lost the imaginative
vision, when the cloud and the fire, be-
ing seen eve-ry day and every night be-
came mere meteorological phenomena,
that the host began to- wander aimlessly.
"Blessed is the man to whom the ideal
is always real; to whom the 'pillar of
fire' of the sunset is always a sacred
mystery of beauty; to whom the stars
are forever an awe-inspiring revelation;
to whom the business he happens to be
in--the making of clothes, of shoes, or
machines, or the selling of any merchan-
dise in a fair wa:y--is a continuous en-
thusiasm to who-m the prosaic business
duties of each day offer a. recurring op-
portunity for the advancing of the in-
terests of go-old business, and thereby the
interests of good people."
This sentiment printed upon a card
hangs upon the wall in the big store of
Willard Ashton in Rockford, Illinois,
and expresses the spirit of the institu-
tion, which is one of the many now en-
deavoring in our country to spiritualize
capital, or capitalize spirit, realizing
that in this day the two opposite ends
of creation must be brought together.
There is a school for saleswomen in
Boston, conducted by Mrs. Prince, which
has had an admirable influence. This
lady wishing t'o improve the condition of
saleswomen, and believing that educa-
tion, skill and intelligence would do this
better than anything else, opened her
school, and has had such remarkable suc-
cess that her graduates are in all the
leading department stores of the coun-
try, and their presence seems to carry
everywhere a. new atmosphere of intelli-
gence and the necessity for justice and
kindness, which are the foundation for
real brotherhood.
The famous establishment of Altman 's
in New York is one where these princi-
ples have been evident for many years,
and when Mr. Altman died recently he
left a. large portion of his fortune to be
divided among his employes and as a
fund for the future conduct 0-f the store.
The action of Henry Ford in declaring
that his employes must share in the pros-
perity of his establishment has had enor-
mous influence upon the public mind,
and he has extended his generosity of
la.te by equalizing the pay of men and
women in his factory. Edison has done
the same thing more quietly and for a
long time 11as shared his profits with his
employes. Both instances illustrate the
statement of Abdul-Baha. that in the
coming time men of wealth cannot en-
joy their own luxury unless they use
their means to improve the condition of
others. 
On the Pacific coast the fruit growers
and farmers have formed co-operative
alliances in business which ha.ve already
broken the power of the commission men,
whose intensely competitive practices
threatened to drive the entire Pacific
coast into bankruptcy. The fruit grow-
ers are now able to sell their product in-
dependently, and while the consumer
pays no more than formerly, the pro-
ducer is able to live in comfort. An in-
teresting fact in connection with the
growth of the "exchanges" is that there
seems to be no temptation towards graft
or dishonesty in this form of business.
As all transactions are for mutual bene-
fit, no one seeks to defraud another for
his own enrichment"corner" the market to increase the
price. V/all Street practices are natur-
ally banished from these associations
where the desire is to benefit the many
and not the few.
In California 70 per cent of the fruit
growers have formed these co-operative
exchanges and last year Governor John-
son appointed Mr. Weinstock, who had
become famous through his organization
of the raisin-growers' exchange, Super-
visor of markets for California, which
meant in reality, as the Californians

