STAR OF THE WEST 'l73
cause of her faith and the strength of
her spirit.
(Zea Khanom, daughter of Abdul-Baha.)
{Notes of Miss E. J. Rosenberg, Haifa,
February, March, 1901.)

In the first month two of us died, and
We had no money to pay for the funeral
expenses, so we sold the one remaining
rug. This money was also pocketed by
the officials, and the two bodies thrown
together in a hole outside of the town.
In the beginning, no one was allowed
to leave the barracks without being ac-
companied by two or four guards. But
after six months or a year, when they
saw that not a soul ever tried to escape
they gave us greater freedom and the
friends could go out in the bazaar to
buy things, either followed by one soldier
or none. . . .
(Sister of Abdul-Baha-: Diary of Mirza
Ahmad Sohrab, July 5, 1914.)

Since that date consider how condi-
tions have changed, and how every one
of those who oppressed this party of
exiles and endeavored with might and
main to suppress the spread of this light
l1as become lost in the abyss of despair
and oblivion.
They are gone and we are still here,
whereas, from the standpoint of the
world and human reason, it should have
been reversed. Everybody imagined that
under the existing circumstances all this
would end shortly and naught would be
left of the Bahais. Is not this an evi-
dence of divine protection and provi-
dence? 'We have longed for death in the
path of God; we have been ready to wel-
come the cup of sacrifice and were thirsty
for the chalice of The Lord
willed that we stay and serve Him.
(Abdul-Baha: Bahai Bullet'J'n--an early
Bahai publication, p. 10.)
"Then two years had passed a regiment
of soldiers was assigned to Acca. Of
course there was no other place for them
to live except the barracks. Therefore
they had no other alternative but to turn
us out. All the time there was an inn in
Acca which was inhabited by different
people. This inn became the hospice for
the pilgrims in after years.
I went to the inn-keeper and said: As
our number is large and there are sev-
eral families in our party I desire to
rent the inn as a whole, and if possible
the present inmates may vacate and go
elsewhere." He gave his consent to my
suggestion. "When after a few days I
came back to draw up the papers and
sign the documents I saw one of the
rooms was still inhabited. "Who is
this?" I asked. is the German con-
sul," he answered. "He must leave the
premises," I said, "otherwise I will not
rent the place. It is impossible for an
outsider to live here." The inn-keeper
looked at me with ridicule and contempt.
Ha!" he laughed, "and they say
you are a prisoner! Bah! You talk
to me as though you were my lord and
master. 'What do you think, Mr. Prison-
er--do you expect to get an exclusive
palace in this prison town? Not much!
Not much! This man is a German con-
sul; I cannot drive him out."
Finally the German consul left of his
own accord and requested to come only
two hours a day to attend to his offi-
cial duties, to which proposition we as-
sented cheerfully.
Then we began to repair the rooms.
One of the rooms was left unrepaired,
because our small fund was exhausted.
The rooms then were assigned to va-
rious families and friends, and I chose
the last one for myself. This room was
so damp that moss had grown on the
walls and ceiling, and when it rained
there were several cracks in the ceiling
which gave free and welcome entrance to
the rain.
The floor consisted of humid earth, a
breeder of fleas. I had a piece of mat
and a long Persian fur coat. It was my
seat by day and my coverlet by night.
When I covered myself with it an army

