36 STAR OF TI-IE 
nations of the/world will unite in brother-
hood, -and that universal p-eace and love
will be realized. And I think to realize
this happy message is our part.
I do not know how to express my ad-
miration of you who fought so- bravely
that you lost your sight, but I cannot be
sorry for your distress, for I know that
the physical blindness is nothing for you
and that soon you will be able to have
the inner sight more clearly than ever.~
Surely God will help you if you beseech
him. So, dear friend, be cheerful, praise
God and keep your hope and tsp-iritual
light firmly.
A-bdul-Baha tells us: "Open your
spiritual sight so that you may know his
secrets, attain to the highest degree of
existence, become manifestors of a spirit-
ual humanity and have your share of the
heavenly favors."
Baha'o'llah, the fountain of light and
hope and love, told us, as follows:
Son of Clay!
'Be blind, that thou mayest behold my
beauty; be deaf, that thou mayest he-ar
my sweet melody and voice; be ignorant,
th-at thou mayest enjoy a portion from
my knowledge; be poor, that thou mayest
obtain an everlasting share from the sea
of my eternal wealth.
"Be blind, that is, to all save my
beauty; be deaf, that is, to all except my
word'; be ignorant, that is, of all but my
knowledge. Thus shalt thou enter my
holy presence with pure eyes, keen ears
and a mind undimmed."
And an American lady, Miss Helen
Keller, said, in her message of happiness,
even though she is blind and deaf, per-
haps as you know: am never un-
happy because I cannot see or hear. No
matter how small your opportunities, you
can do something for the betterment of
mankind." 
Another time she said: would not
part with my experience in the dark, be-
cause out of the dark I may be able to
carry light. 
Indeed we are never sa.d because of
our blindness even for a few minutes in
the year. Today I took a walk with my
pupils to the seashore, as I am a teacher
of a small school for the blind. They
enjoyed themselves very much running
about the beach in the mild sunshine,
chattering and joking with their friends.
It seem-ed to me that they were not sorry
at all about their blindness or rather that
they knew not their own blindness or
even what blindness is, or what darkness
is.
I believe that it is a heavenly command
for us, the blind of this century, to work
for bringing happiness, peace, love, joy
and hope to this world of humanity be-
cause for this great work no one needs
any sight of the body and there should
be no handicap between the blind and the
sighted. Knowing this, I think We, the
blind, must unite universally and it is
much easier for the blind to unite uni-
versally than the seeing, because of their
same fate, and the only' instrument for
this is the Esperanto language. So I
hope that you will learn this language
and have great jo-y by corresponding with
many friends in the whole world.
Forget your blindness and turn your
face to the bright side! This is the only
way by which you can change darkness
into light. Re-ally, physical blindness is
nothing, nothing for us. Believe yourself
and you'will find inner light therein, be-
cause a man is created so noble, although
he is blind or deaf. Be not unhappy.
Enjoy your enlightened life and go for-
ward bravely holding a flag of love and
peace for this glorious aim which is to
bring hope and light to all mankind, as
you did on the battlefield. My brave
friend! This is my most hearty hope to
you and to our brothers who share the
same fate. Please give my best love to
them.
With kindest regards and hoping you
will write to me soon,
Forever your sincere friend,
Tokwgiro Torii.
P. S. Please guess my English.

