114 STAR OF
the bestowals of the Sun of Reality will
be all encircling."
At the home of Mrs. Corinne True,
November 1, 1912:
The Spiritual Committee of Consul-
tation asked Abdul-Baha as to the du-
ties of the Committee. He answered:
"The first duty of the members is to
effect their own unity and harmony, in
order to obtain good results. If there
be no unity, or the Committee becomes
the cause of inha.rmony, undo-ubtedly, it
is better that it does not exist. If the
Committee of Consultation or the general
assembly becomes the cause of unhappi-
ness, it must be ab-andoned. How pleased
I was With the friends in California.
They said: 'We do not want a Com-
mittee of Consultation lest we fall into
the thought of leadership and superiority
and become the cause of dissension. But,
now, praise be to God, we are serving
THE WEST
according to our capacity and have no
thought or aim, except the spreading of
the fragrances of God.'
"Therefore, when the unity of the
members of the Committee is established,
their second duty is to read the verses
and communes, to be in a state of com-
memoration and mindfulness, that they
may see -each other as if in the presence
of God.
"The third duty of the Committee is
consultation and meditation regarding
the teaching of the Cause of Go-d in all
regions and climes. They must arise for
this great purpose with all their power;
they must declare and hasten the neces-
sary steps for teaching the Cause of
God.
"Their fourth duty is to meditate and
consult for the helping of the poor and
the weak and the protection of the sick.
"Their fifth duty is to correct and
manage the affairs of the friends and
attend to other matters concerning the
Ca-use."
The Symbolic Meaning of Walking on the Sea
Wor'ds of Abdul-Baha: From the Notes of Miss E. Rosenberg, 1901
IN this story (the "miracle" of Jesus
walking on the water) of our Lord
Jesus, the Sea of Tiberius represents the
ocean of creation,--the two shores rep-
resent truth and spiritual truth.
The boat or ark stands for arguments
a.nd reasons by which men acquire knowl-
edge and in this b-oat Jesus' disciples
were tossed on the waves of the ocean of
creation. The' shore which Jesus left in
order to come to them, walking on the
water, represents knowledge. The
haven or shore to which he guided them
represents spiritual knowledge.
There are three ways of apprehending
truth: 1. The way,--by means
of the five senses; 2. The way of argu-
ment and reasoning--and all philoso-
phers have taught that it is possible to
reach the knowledge of all truth by this
method; 3. The spiritual way,-by which
man receives knowledge from the inner
light or inspiration. The ancient phil-
osophers a.nd indeed the philosophers of
all times have taught that the first
metl1od,--that is by means of the five
the one -certain way of
knowing truth . . . .
. . For instance,
people in the desert often see a mo-st
beautiful mirage of trees and water, but
the nearer you approach to this phantom,
the more it fades away, and you begin
to perceive its unreality. All this proves
that the evidence of the senses alone is
not to b-e relied on for conceiving the
truth.
The ancient philosophers have also
taught that by the intellect (the second
method of argument and reasoning) ac-
curate and absolute knowledge of every-
thing can b-e obtainedevident that we cannot rely on this sec-
ond method of obtaining knowledge to
insure absolute accuracy. Successive
philosophers are always contradicting
each other, and propounding diverse

