l88 STAR OF
utter. This is an explicit text of the
Blessed Beauty. So there is no excuse
left for anybody. No soul shall, of him-
self, speak anything. his
(Abdul-Baha's) tongue utters, whatso-
ever his pen records, that is correct; ac-
cording to the explicit text of Baha'o-
'llah in the Tablet of The 
His Holiness Abraham covenanted
with regard to Moses. His Holiness
Moses was the promised One of Abraham,
and he, Moses, covenanted with regard
to His Holiness Christ, saying that
Christ was the promised One. His Holi-
ness Christ covenanted with regard to
His Holiness "The Paraclete," which
means His Holiness Mohammed. His
Holiness Mohamlned covenanted as re-
gards The Bab, whom he called "My
promised One," His Holiness The Bab,
in all his books, in all his epistles, ex-
plicity covenanted with regard to the
Blessed Beauty, Baha'o'1lah, that Baha-
'o 'llah was the promised One of His Holi-
ness The Bab. His Holiness Bal1a'o'llah
covenanted, not that I (Abdul-Baha) am
the promised One, but that Abdul-Baha
is the Expounder of the Book and the
Center of His Covenant, and that the
promised One of Baha'o'llah will appear
after one thousand or thousands of years.
This is the Covenant which Baha'o'llah
made. If a person shall deviate, he is
not acceptable at the Threshold of Baha-
'o'llah. In case of difference, Abdul-
Baha must be consulted. They must re-
volve around his good pleasure. After
Abdul-Baha, whenever the Universal
House of Justice is organized, it will
ward off difierences.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Star of the
West, Vol. 3, No. 14, p. 9.)
Every movement in this world has a
center. For example, the power of grav-
itation has a center; and although there
are many luminous centers of lights, yet
there is a most great center, and that is
the sun. Now, that you are independent
of all the smaller centers, you must
turn your face toward the Great Orb.
THE WEST
For example, this electric bulb is a cen-
ter of light, but it only illumines' the
room; but the sun shines upon all the
created phenomena Without any distinc-
tion.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Diary of
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, October 30, 1913.)
After His Holiness Christ, there were
many who appeared Who were instru-
mental in creating factions, dissensions.
It was not known which one was pur-
suing the right Way. For example, there
appeared one among them Whose name
was Nestor who said that Christ was
not a prophet of God.
Another division was created when the
Catholics declared Jesus Christ to be the
Son of God; they even pronounced him
to be Divinity Himself. The Protes-
tants claimed that Jesus Christ was pos-
sessed of two elements, a human element
and a. divine element. Thus another
division was created. In short, the re-
ligion of Christ was divided and it was
not known who was pursuing the right
pathway, because there was no appointed
Center to whom Christ referred, whose
word was to be a gateway. If His Holi-
ness Christ had taken a covenant with
any soul, summoning all to cling to his
word as correct, then it would have been
evident as to What was veracity.
Because there was no- appointed book,
every one declared, saying: "We are
the right pathway and the others are
not. But the Blessed Perfection, Baha-
'o'llah, to ward off dissensions, so that no
interested person should create any di-
vision or belief, appointed a Central Per-
s0n.age, declaring him to be the Expound-
er of the Book. That is, people do not
generally understand the meanings of
the Book, but he does understand. "He
is the Expounder of my Book and the
Center of my Testament. In the last two
verses of the Book are revealed explicit
instructions, declaring that "after me,
you should turn your attention to a dis-
tinct personage and whatsoever he says
is correct." And in the Book of the Cov-

