STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, S15 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post oflice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Editorial Slafl'-- ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE-BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary AHMAD SOHRAB
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Mike Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S-A-
To personal cheeks please add sufiicient to cover the bank exchange. 
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAI-IA.
thou Star of the West! ma IS con!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! $houIdst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and eliine. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshak_able, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the c-enter of the generosity of the leaders of the falth who are firm in the Covenant, 111 the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Vol. Kowl 1, 73 (November Z3, 1917) No. 14
"Be most careful about matters of politics. D0 not men-
tion it. Our Cause is not political."
clared that a time of test would
come upon the World and that
every nation, place and person would feel
its fire.
The hour of test has come upon the
Western world.
such a time it is well for the
Bahais to make clear to themselves, the
distinctive characteristics of the teach-
ings of Baha'o'llah--as interpreted by
take cognizance of the
fact that although he came to establish
a new era in the world, he never inter-
fered in political matters and was at all
times obedient to the government, com-
manding his followers in every country
to behave toward the government with
faithfulness, trustfulness and truthful-
ness. (See STAR or THE WEST, issue No.
9, page 113.)
It is also very important that the
Bahais give close attention to the most
great characteristic of the Revelation of
Baha'o'1lah namely, his teaching con-
cerning the Center of the Covenant
which is a Specific teaching not given by
any of the prophets of the past. By giv-
MANY years ago, Baho'o'llah de-
ing the teaching concerning the Center of
the Covenant, He made provision against
all kinds of differences, so that no man
should be able to create a new sect. To
guard against that state of thing, He
entered into a Covenant with all the
people of the world, indicating the Per-
son or Interpreter of His teaching so
that no one should be able to say that
he explains a certain teaching in a certain
way, and thus create a sect revolving
around his individual understanding of
at part of the teachings.
\Vith both these ideas in mind :--first,
that of non-interference in governmental
matters or political affairs, and second,
the giving forth of an interpretation of
the teachings of Baha'o'llah other than
Abdul-Baha's thereof,--
we beg of the Bahais everywhere to
assist the STAR or THE VVEST, and not to
place the editors in an embarrassing
position before the world by insisting
that we publish articles on political ques-
tions. We refer to a communication
drafted by the Bahai Temple Unity,
under date of August 30, 1917, which
was sent to the government at Washing-

