STAR OF TI-IE WEST 189
enant, he said that by these two verses
are meant such and such a person. In all
his Tablets and Books he has praised the
firm ones in the Covenant and he has
anathematized those who are not firm in
the Covenant, and in all his Tablets he
said: 'Verily, shun those who are shaken
in the Covenant. Verily, God is the con-
firmer of the firm ones." In his prayers
he has said: God! Render those who
are firm in the Covenant as dear. De-
grade those who are not firm in the Cov-
enant, God! Be the protector of him
who protecteth him and confirm him who
confirms the Center of the Covenant."
Many are the utterances regarding the
violators of the Covenant, so that in the
blessed Cause there should be no dissen-
sions. No one should say: "My opinion
is this," or, "My thought is this." That
they may know who is the Expounder
and that whatsoever he says is cor-
rect. He has not left. any room for dis-
sensions~--not at all. Of course it is cer-
tain that in'the world there are those who
are antagonistic; there are those who are
followers of passion; there are those who
follow their own thoughts; there are
those who like to create dissension in
the Cause. For example: Judas Iscariot
was one of the disciples, but he betrayed
Jesus Christ. Such things have happened
in the past, but now the Blessed Beauty
has explicitly declared: "This person is
the Expounder of my Book and all must
turn to him." And this is to ward off
dissension. The purpose of the Blessed
One is that no difierences shall be
created.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Extract from
a talk given in Chicago, October 31,
1912.) 
If a soul shall utter a word without
the sanction of the Covenant, he is not
firm. Baha'o'llah appointed a Covenant
to ward oif dissensions: so that no one
can have his own that the
Center can be referred to. There were
dissensions in the time of Christ because
there was no Center. This is the reality
of the question. Whatever the Center
of the Covenant says is correct. No one
shall speak a word of himself. Baha-
'o'llah has called down the vengeance of
God upon anyone who violates the Cov-
enant. Beware! Beware! Lest ye be
shaken: Remain firm even if the people
of heaven try to shake you. Firmness
in the Covenant is not mere words. The
command is explicit. (Signed--Abdul-
Baha Abbas.)
The point to which all eyes should turn
is One. All eyes must turn their at-
tention to the Center of the Covenant
while the presence of the Covenant is
among us. No other soul should have any
existence. All others save the Center of
the Covenant are equal. 
Baha Abbas.)
(Excerpts from some instructions
given by Abdul-Baha to several friends
in America, July, 1912. These excerpts
received his personal signature.)
These great days are swiftly passing
and once gone can never be recalled, so
while the rays of the Sun of Truth are
still shining and the Center of the Cove-
nant of God is manifest, let us go forth
to work, for after awhile the night will
come and the way to the vineyard will
not then be so easy to find.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: A ea-verily
Vista, p. 82.)
"And the temple of God was opened
in heaven, and there was seen in His
temple the ark of His testament: . . 
(Revelation 11:19).
"And the temple of God was opened
in heaven," means also that by the diffu-
sion of the divine teachings, the appear-
ance of these heavenly mysteries, and
the rising of the Sun of Reality, the
doors of success and prosperity will be
opened in all directions, and the signs
of goodness and heavenly benedictions
will be made plain.
(Continued on page 203)

