STAR OF THE WEST 167
Taba-Tabay of Kerbela concerning the
life of Baha'o'llah. The great Seyd an-
swered: "That holy being must be a.
shining light whose great son hath writ-
ten such a treatise during his childhood. 
(Mirza Abul Fazl: Baha'i Proofs, p.
49-50.)
During these years Abbas Eifendi was
accustomed to frequent the mosques and
argue with the doctors and learned men.
They were astonished at his knowledge
and acumen and he came to be known as
the youthful sage. They would ask him,
"Who is your teacher, where do you
learn the things which you say?" His
reply was that his father had taught him.
Although he had never been a day in
school, he was as proficient in all that
was taught as well-educated young men,
which was the cause of much remark
among those who knew.
In appearance my brother was at this
time a remarkably fine-looking youth. He
was noted as one of the handsomest
young men in Baghdad.
(Sister of Abdul-Baha: Quoted from
Abbas E/fendi, by Myron H. Phelps.)
Once when I lived in Baghdad I was
invited to the home of a poor thorn-
picker. In Baghdad the heat is even
more intense than in Syria and it was
a very hot day. But I walked twelve
miles to the thorn-picker's hut. Then
his wife made a little cake out of some
meal for me, and burnt it in cooking it.
Still that was the best reception I ever
attended.
(Abdul-Baha: Diary record of Miss Ju-
liet. Thompson.)
When we were living in Baghdad ac-
cording to the custom of that country
we slept on the roof during the summer
months. I always commenced sleeping
on the roof one month earlier than any
one else and stayed one month and a
half longer at the end of the season.
The members of the family always in-
sisted that I should come down because
it was getting too cold; but I did not
listen to them. I loved the perfect quiet-
ness, the mystic silence, the awe-inspir-
ing, heavenly scene! Long after mid-
night I would get up, commune with God
in spirit and watch the stars circling in
their majestic spheres. There was such
spirituality in that Eastern silence that
whenever I think of it I feel myself trans-
ported to those divine nights of concen-
tration and contemplation!
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Sohrab,
March 25, 1914.)

I was asleep upon my couch; the
breaths of my Lord, the Merciful, passed
over me and awakened me from my sleep
and commanded me to proclaim between
earth and heaven. This was not on my
part but on His part, and to this bear
witness the denizens of the realms of His
power and His Kingdom and the dwellers
of the cities of His glory and Himself the
Truth.
The gales of the All-knowing, the All-
glorious passed by me and taught me the
knowledge of what hath been. . . .
I have not studied these sciences which
men possess nor have I entered the col-
leges.
This (Baha'o'llah) is a leaf which the
breezes of the will of thy Lord the
Mighty, the Extollecl have stirred. Can
it be still when the rushing winds blow'?
. . . Verily, I was not save as one
dead in the presence of His command,
the hand of thy Lord, the Merciful, turn-
ing me.
Thou knowest, God, that in every
action, I desire nothing save Thy affairs,
and that in every utterance I seek naught
but Thy celebration; neither doth my pen
move except I desire therein Thy good
pleasure and the setting forth of what
Thou hast enjoined upon me by Thy
authority.
(Continued on page 168)

