STAR OF THE WEST 225
"From all parts of the World, tribes of Jews are
coming to the Holy Land"
HEN the Sun of Reality shone
forth from the horizon of sanc-
tity it flooded the world with the
ra.ys of the oneness of thoughts, the one-
ness of opinions, the oneness of ideals
and the oneness of truth so that man-
kind, in doctrines and articles of be-
lief, might converge toward one common
center; differences, contention and dis-
cord be entirely effaced from the world
of humanity and the unique light which
hath branched forth from the Sun of
Reality might illuminc all the hearts.
Ab-dul-Baha is the Center of the Cove-
nant of God, the Branch which is sub-
servient to the Tree. The essential ob-
ject is the Tree, the foundation is the
Tree and the universal reality is the
Tree.
(Abdul-Baha: From Tablet to the
American believers; translated by Mirza
Sohrab, April 19, 1914.)

One of the great events which is to
occur in the day of the manifestation of
that incomparable Branch, is the hoist-
ing of the standard of God among all
nations; meaning that all the nations and
tribes will come under the shadow of this
divine Banner, which is no other than
the lordly Branch itself, and will be-
come a single natio-n. The antagonism
of faiths and religions, the hostility of
races and peoples, and the patriotic dif-
ferences, will be eradicated from
among them. All will become one re-
ligion, one faith, one race, and one sin-
gle people, and will dwell in one native
land, which is the terrestial globe. Uni-
versal peace and concord will be realized
between all the nations. The incom-
parable Branch will gather together all
Israel--signifying also that in this cycle
the Jewish people who are scattered to
the east and West, south and north, will
be assembled together in the Holy Land.
Now see: these events did not take
place in the Christian cycle, for the na-
tions did not come under the one stand-
ard which is the divine Branch. But in
this cycle of the Lord of Hosts all the
nations and peoples will enter under the
shadow of this flag. In the same way,
Israel, scattered all over the world, was
not reassembled in the Holy Land in the
Christian cycle; but in the beginning of
the cycle of Baha'o'llah this divine
promise, as is clearly stated in all the
books of the prophets, has begun to be
manifest. You can see that from all
parts of the wo-rld tribes of Jews are
coming to the Holy Land; they live in
villages and lands which they make their
own, and day by day they are increasing
to such an extent that all Palestine will
become their home.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Some An-
swered Questions, p. 75.)

Know ye of a certainty that the ques-
tion of the gathering of the descendants
of Abraham in Jerusalem is an inviolable
fact; for that time of the fulfillment
of all the promises which the Lord of
Hosts gave them through the prophets
of the people in the Taurat (Bible) hath
dawned and the divine will is predes-
tined to fulfill all the prophecies. Now
day by day the signs thereof become ap-
parent, its arguments obvious, its proof
evident and its path visible.
From all parts and corners of the
world the descendants of His Highness,
the noble Friend (Abraham) are arriv-
ing in the Holy Land and are engaged
in the cultivation and development of
towns and villages. However, the di-
vine standard is the ensign of the Cov-
enant. It is the manifest assistor of the

