138 STAR OF
will become non-existent, for all the ex-
isting things are linked together and
draw help from each other. Therefore,
the greatest foundation of the World of
existence is this co-operation and mu-
tuality.
Liken the World of existence to the
temple of man. All the limbs and or-
gans of the human body assist>> one an-
other; therefore life continues. When,
in this wonderful organism, there is a
disconnection, life is changed into death
and the parts of the body disintegrate.
Likewise, among the parts of' existence
there is a wonderful connection and in-
terchange of forces, which is the cause
of the life o-f the world and the continu-
ation of these countless phenomena.
VVhen one considers the living beings
and the growing plants, he realizes that
the animals and man sustain life by
inhaling the emana.tions from the vege-
table world, and this fiery element' is
called oxygen. The vegetable kingdom
also draws life from the living creatures
in the substance called carbon. In brief,
the beings of sensation acquire life from
the growing beings and in turn the grow-
ing things receive life from the sensi-
tive creatures. Therefore this interchange
of forces and inter-communication is
continual and uninterrupted.
From this illustration one can see the
base of life is this mutual aid and help-
fulness and the cause of destruction and
non-existence would be the interruption
of this mutual assistance. The more the
World aspires to civilization the mo-re
this most important matter of co-opera.-
tion and assistance becomes manifest.
Therefore in the world of humanity one
sees this matter of helpfulness attain to
a high degree of efficiency; so much so
that the continuance of humanity en-
tirely depends upon this inter-rela-
t-ion. . . . .
(Abdul-Baha: From a Tablet to the
Oriental friends. Translated August 24,
1909.)
If you desire to love God, love thy
THE WEST
fellow-men. In them you can see the
image and likeness of God. If you are
eager to serve God, serve mankind. Re-
nounce the self in the Self of God.
When the aerial mariner steers his air-
ship skyward, little -by little the inhar-
mony and incongruity of the world of
matter are lost, and before his aston-
ished vision he sees Widespread the Won-
derful panorama of God's creation.
Likewise when the student of the path
of Reality has attained to the loftiest
summit of divine love, he Will not look
upon the ugliness and misery 0-f man-
kind; he will not observe any differ-
ences; he will not see any racial and
patriotic differences; but he will look
upon humanity with the glorified vision
of a seer and a prophet. Let us all
strive that We may attain to this highest
pinnacle of ideal and spiritual life.
Abdul-B aha.)
Qluestionz "How shall I overcome
seeing the faults of others'--recognizing
the wrong in others?"
Answer: will tell you. Whenever
you recognize the fault of another, think
of yourself Vllhat are my imperfections 
--and try to remove them. D0 this
whenever you are tried thro-ugh the
words or deeds of others. Thus you will
gro-W, become more perfect. You will
overcome self, you will not even have
time to think of the faults of others.
Man is blind, yet he sees far. That is
puzzling. We are in Paris and We see
the faults of the believers in America
and in Stuttgart, but, we are so blind
that we cannot see the nose (touching his
nose) on our o-wn face. While we are
blind we h.ave a far-sighted vision to
America, to Germany. You must carry
the glad-tidings of the Kingdom wher-
ever you go, and make the people happy,
awake the-m into greater activity--make
them active. . . 
(Abdul-Baha: Notes of private inter-
view, Paris, 1918.)

