100 STAR OF
impossible except through a heavenly
potency, a power supernatural, the di-
vine power of the Holy Spirit. Through
a natural and mere human power this
is impossible. Therefore the question
arises, "How is this resuscitation to be
accomplished 
There are certain means for its attain-
ment by which mankind is regenerated
and quickened with a new birth. This
is the "second birth" mentioned in the
heavenly books. Its accomplishment is
through the baptism of the Holy Spirit.
The rebirth of the spirit of man is
through the science of the love of God.
It is through the efficacy of the water
of life. This life and quickening is the
regeneration of the phenomenal world.
After the coming of the spiritual spring-
time, the falling of the vernal showers,
the shining of the Sun of Reality, the
blowing of the breezes of perfection, all
phenomena become imbued with the life
of a new creation and are reformed in
the process of a new genesis. Reflect
upon the material springtime. "Then
winter comes the trees are leafless, the
fields and meadows withered, the flowers
die away into dust-heaps. In prairie,
mountain and garden no freshness lin-
gers, no beauty is visible, no verdure is
seen. Everything is clad in the robe of
death. Wherever you look around you
will find the eXpI'eSSi011 of death and
decay. But when the spring comes the
showers descend, the sun floods the mead-
ows and plains with light, you will ob-
serve creation clad in a new robe of ex-
pression. The showers have made the
meadows green and verdant. The warm
breezes have caused the trees to put on
their garments of leaves. They have
blossomed and soon will produce new,
fresh and delightful fruits. Everything
appears endowed with a newness of life,
a new life and spirit are everywhere
visible. The spring has resuscitated all
phenomena and has adorned the earth
with beauty as it willeth.
Even so is the springtime spiritual
when it comes When the holy, divine
THE WEST
Manifestations or Prophets appear in the
world a cycle of radiance, an age of
mercy dawns. Everything is renewed.
Minds, hearts and all human forces are
reformed, perfections are quickened,
sciences, discoveries and investigations
are stimulated afresh and everything ap-
pertaining to the virtues of the human
world is re-vitalized. . . .
(WVords of Abdul-Baha: Star of the
West; Vol. 4, No. 7, p. 118.)
i
The 1nost important thing is that
which comes' through the 
breath of the Holy Spirit. The soul
through the Spirit can realize the King-
dom. The soul can recognize and feel
the love of God. Distance cannot pre-
vent the receiving of spiritual bounties.
Hills and mountains cannot check that.
Why? Because there are no chains and
bonds for the Spirit. The sun is very
far,-in the highest is
a great distance between the earth and
sun, yet remoteness and distance cannot
prevent its rays from -shining.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From Kinney-
Beede-Thompson Notes; Acoa, June 30;
1909.)
Verily the poems of Bishop Kan and
John Newton are exalted, but it were
possible to abridge them all to this: 
God quicken me with the breaths of the
Holy Spirit." For that which contains
the fulfillment of all human inspiration,
for that which we supplicate in words
is the breath of the Holy Spirit. Verily,
it changeth the man into a heav-
enly one, the materialist into a spiritual
being, the unenlightened into a reflec-
tion of the divine, and the satanic man
into a godly person. It maketh the blind
to see and quickeneth the dead.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From Tablet
to Y. Dawud, London, 1912.)

