STAR OF THE WEST 233
that there is no rest and composure in
this temporal life.
(Tablets of Abel/ml-Balm, p. 185.)
thou who art attracted to God!
May God uphold theefilled with the love of Baha,' and for-
gets all things, the Holy Spirit will be
heard from his lips and the spirit of
life will fill his heart, the lights -of the
sign will shine forth from his face, Words
will issue from his mouth in strands of
pearls, and all sickness a.nd disease will
b-e healed by the laying 0-n of the hands.
(Ab dul-Baha. 
A friend interested in healing quoted
the Words of Baha'o'llah., "If one is
sick, let him go to the greatest physi-
cian."
Abdul-Baha said: "There is but one
power which is God. The
state or condition through which heal-
ing takes place is the condition 0-f the
heart. By some this state is reached
through pills, powders, and physicians.
By others through hygiene, fasting, and
prayer. By others through direct per-
ception."
On another occasion Abdul-Baha said,
with regard to the same subject, "All
that We see around us is the work of
mind. It is mind in the herb and in the
mineral that acts on the human body,
and changes its condition."
(Abdul-Bathe in London, p. 96.)
Turning the face toward God brings
healing to the body, the mind and the
soul. VVhen this advancement toward
God has become complete, one is able to
overcome passion and desire, one be-
comes protected from sin and transgres-
sion and is delivered from heedlessness.
This will bestow eternal life and will
grant the imperishable gift.
(Abdul-B aha.)

"The healer of all thy troubles is the remembrance of Me; forget it not."
(Baha/o'llah: Hidden Words from the Persian, p. 36.)
 
PRAYER-S FOR SPIRITUAL AND PHYSICAL HEALING.
my God, thy name is my healing,
thy remembrance is my remedy. Thy
nearness is my hope, and thy love is my
companion. Thy mercy is my need and
my aid in this W0-rld and in the worlds
to come. Verily, thou are the Giver, the
All-knowing and the Wise!
(Baha 'o 'llah.)
thou kind God! To me thou art
kinder than myself, and thy love is more
abundant and more ancient. Whenever I
am reminded of thy bestowals I am made
happy and hopeful. If I have been agi-
tated I obtain ease of heart and soul. If
I am sick, I gain eternal health. If I am
disloyal, I b-ecome loyal. If I have been
hopeless, I become hopeful. thou Lord
of the Kingdom! Cause thou the rejoic-
ing of my heart; empower my weak spirit
and strengthen my exhausted nerves. Il-
lumine thou my eyes: suffer my ears to
become hearing, so that I may hearken to
the music of the Kingdom and attain to
the joy and happiness everlasting. Veri-
ly, thou art the Generous, the Giver, and
the Kind!
(Abdul-Baha.)
Is there any remover of difficulties
save God'? Say: N0!--Praise be to
is God! All are his servants
and all are standing by his command.
(The Bab.)

