STAR OF THE VVEST 239
God"? No, verily. There is a. great wis-
dom therein of which no one is aware
save the wise and knowing. Vi/"ere it not
for tests, genuine gold could not be dis-
tinguished from the counterfeit. Were
it not for tests, the courageous could not
be known from the coward. Were it not
for tests, the people of faithfulness could
not be known from those of selfishness.
Were it not for tests, the intellects and
faculties of the scholars in the great col-
leges would not be developed. Were it
not for tests, the sparkling gems could
not be known from Worthless pebbles.
Were it not for tests, the fisherman could
not be distinguished from Annas and
Caiaphas who were amid glory 
dignity).
Vlere it not for tests the face of Mary,
the Magdalene, would not glisten with
the light of firmness and certainty unto
all the horizons. These are some of the
mysteries of tests which We have unfold-
ed unto thee that thou mayest become
cognizant of the mysteries of God in
every cycle. Verily, I pray God to il-
lumine the faces as pure gold in the
fire of tests.
(Abdul-Baha: From Tablet to an Amer-
ican believer, December 23, 1902.)
Verily, I read thy latest letter, and
my great love welled forth unto thee on
account of its Wonderful contents. Veri-
ly, it showed thy firmness in the Cause
of God and that thou wilt resist great
tests in the future. . . .
As to thee, make firm the footsteps of
the believers of God on this right path,
and say, verily, the test has a great
power and when its storms wax fierce
they uproot everything, even large and
well-rooted trees and they wreck great
ships on the ocean.
But whosoever among the maid-serv-
ants of God firmly resists a great test,
her face shall gleam and her brow shall
glitter in the Supreme Concourse. This
is what we inform thee, so that when
the test appears thou mayest be heedful
thereof, and mayst remind the maid-
servants of God that the tests have also
occurred in former dispensations, even at
the time of Christ.
Christ said, "Fast, so that you may
not fall into temptation." Verily, tests
Withheld a great apostle (Judas) from
the mercy of God and made him take
part in the shedding of the blood of
Jesus. Tests made Peter, the apostle,
deny Jesus Christ. Tests made the
brothers of Jesus deny him. Many a just,
faithful and assured soul did not endure
the power of tests but turned backward,
until they reached the lowest of the low.
(Abdul-Baha: Daily Lessons; pp.97, 98.)
Be thou resolute and steadfast. "When
the tree is firmly rooted it will bear
fruit, therefore it is not permitted to be
agitated by any test. Be thou not dis-
heartened! Be thou not discouraged!
The trials of God are many, but if man
remains firm and steadfast the test itself
is a stepping-stone for the progress of
humanity.
(Abdul-Baha.)
The rain does not stop. I have been
intending every day to go up the moun-
tain, but I have been detained on ac-
count of the rain. This is the rainy
season. If the rain does not pour down,
if the Wind does not blow, if the storm
and tempest do not rage, the soul-re-
freshing springtime will not appear. If
the clouds do not Weep the meadows will
not laugh. The hurricane and tornado,
the cyclone and the blast are the har-
bingers of the spring.
Likewise, were there no tests and
trials, no hardships and afflictions the
attraction of the hearts could not be
realized, the spiritual fragrances could
not be obtained, nor could merciful hap-
piness be acquired and the beauties of
the celestial springtime would not have
been disclosed.
(Abdul-Baha: From Diary of Mirza
Sohrab-, January 10, 1914.)


