STAR OF THE WEST 211
of love, the embodiment of spirituality,
and the mirror of mercy. . . . . The
quintessence of truth is this: "Te must
all become united and harmonized in
order to illumine this gloomy World to
abolish the foundations of hostility and
animosity from among mankind; to
perfume the inhabitants of the universe
with the holy fragrances of the nature
and disposition of the Beauty of Abha;
to enlighten the people of the East and
VVe-st With the light of guidance; to hoist
the tent of the love of God and suffer
each and all to enter under its protec-
tion; to bestow comfort and tranquillity
upon every one under the shade of the
Divine Tree; to astonish the enemy by
the manifestation of the utmost love.
. . . . to reach the ears of the inhabi-
tants of the Kingdom with the outcry--
"Verily the earth is illumined by the
lights of its Lord." This is reality!
This is guidance! This is service! This
is the consummation of the perfection of
the realm of humanity.
('Words of Abdul-Baha: Extract from
Tablet revealed for New York Board of
Council, translated January 1, 1907.)
. . . I am the servant of Baha'o'-
llah and nothing more; Abdul-Baha is
the sum of all perfections. They must
not attempt to surpass that name,
"Abdul-Baha." All must say to others
that he claims for himself to be Abdul-
Baha and the believers must call him by
his name as he Wishes. This is the only
name he has appointed for himself.
(Abdul-Baha: From notes of Mr. and
Mrs. J. H. Hannen, Haifa, 1909.)
 
Know thou that all the promises of
Abdul-Baha are true and his instructions
are inspirations of the Holy Spirit and
received as suggestions from Baha'o'-
llah.
(Abdul-Baha: From Tablet to Mrs.
Lua Getsinger.)
Concerning my power: it is one be-
st-ovval of the bestowals of His Holiness
Baha'o'llah. It is my confirmer. It is
the light of my guidance. It is the fire
of my love. Save it I have nothing.
Beside it I know nothing. Except it I
Wish for nothing.
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Sohrab,
May 26, 1914.)
Although Abdul-Baha considers him-
self as a drop, yet this drop is connected
with the Most Great Sea. Although he
looks upon himself as an atom, yet this
atom is related to the World-illuminating
Sun. As is said: "The originator of all
these voices is the King himself" or in
other words: "It is through his assist-
ance."
(Abdul-B aha.)
The Blessed Perfection has explicitly
promised me with his own tongue that
he will assist me. "Best thou assured,"
he said, "my confirmations shall reach
thee." This has ever been the cause of
my consolation. "Whenever these Words
are remembered my wound is healed and
all the tempests are calmed.
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Sohrab,
January 10, 1914.}
As to the critical period (1901) Know
thou, that verily, Abdul-Baha dominates
every critical period through the con-
firmation of Baha', nor is he dominated
by any critical period. And as a proof
of this Abdul-Baha. has withstood all
critical periods and great dangers since
his earliest childhood to the Present day
through the assistance of the Supreme
Lord. . . .
My assistance is the assistance of the
Blessed Perfection. If all the World
should gather together against me I
would still possess this and all the World
could not take it from me. I have a
Weapon to fight with forever and ever.
V\Tith it I am always victorious. It is a

