STAR OF THE WEST I77
conducted through passages and rooms
at which I scarcely had time to glance
to a spacious hall, paved, so far as I
remember (for my mind was occupied
with other thoughts) with a mosaic of
marble. Before a curtain suspended
from the wall of this great ante-chamber
my conductor paused for a moment
while I removed my shoes. Then, with
a quick movement of the hand, he with-
drew, and, as I passed, 'replaced the
curtain; and I found myself in a large
apartment along the upper end of which
ran a low divan, while on the side oppo-
site to the door were placed two or
three chairs. Though I dimly suspected
whither I was going, and whom I was
to behold (for no distinct intimation had
been given to me), a second or two
elapsed ere, with a throb of wonder and
awe, I became definitely conscious that
the room was not untenanted. In the
corner where the divan met the wall
sat a wondrous and venerable figure,
crowned with a felt head-dress of the
kind called 'taj' by dervishes (but of
unusual height and make), 'round the
base of which was wound a small white
turban. The face of him on whom I
gaze-d I shall never forget, though I can-
not describe it. Those piercing eyes
seemed to read one's very soul; power
and authority sat on that ample brow;
while the deep lines on the forehead and
face implied a.n age which the jet-black
hair and beard flowing down in indis-
tinguishable luxuriance almost to the
waist seemed to belie. No need to ask
in whose presence I stood, as I bowed
myself before one-who is the object of
a devotion and love which kings might
envy and emperors sigh for in vain 
(Prof. E. G. Browne: Quoted from
A Narrative.)
During the life of Baha'o'1lah there
lived in Acca an honorable gentleman
from Europe. He had heard much about
the praise of the Rizwan and expressed
the wish to see the place. Permisison
being granted, he came there one day
with his family. I prepared tea for
them and showed them the utmost hos-
pitality. When they were going to
leave in the evening, the gentleman left
on the table a purse containing twelve
pounds. Realizing what he had done, I
ran back to him and forced the money
into his hands. He urged me to accept
it and I persisted in my refusal. See-
ing how useless was his insistence, he
took it back, alighted from his carriage,
took oif his hat and shook my hands.
However, he went straight to the Blessed
Perfection and said: wished to give
a small present to your gardener, but
he would not accept it; it seemed it was
too little for him." When next I went
to see him the Blessed Perfection ad-
dressed me: "Abdul Kasim! I have
heard that thou didst not accept the
present offered to thee by the European
gentleman. VVhy didst thou not accept
it?" Never will I accept any-
thing from anyone while I am serving
the Lord of mankind." "Wilt thou
accept something from me?" "Yes,
with the greatest honor!" The11 he
showed me a small purse of Cashmere
shawl and raising it up, he said: "This
contains only one pound, but it is from
me. Thou canst not realize how happy
thou hast made me because thou didst
manifest the wealth of the spirit. Those
who are in my service must be indepen-
dent of all else save me."
(Abdul Kasim, the gardener of the Riz-
wan: Diary of Mirza Sohrab, January
4, 1914.)

There are many kinds of roses, but
this kind is the most fragrant. The
extract of rose is taken from this. The
Blessed Perfection always loved this spe-
cies of roses. Large bowls containing
the same decorated the table of his room
all the time. The fragrance of this rose
has a greatly refining efl"'ect upon the
human constitution. Baha'o'llah liked
perfumes very much, and he always
used the attar of roses.
The physical susceptibilities of the
Blessed Perfection were very great. His

