STAR OF THE WEST 55
of Mr. Fukuta. The contents of both
letters impa.rted exceeding joy, for each
word was an eloquent tongue expla.ining
the wonders of the love of God a.nd eluci-
dating the story of the attraction of the
heart with the breaths 'of the holy spirit.
Praise be to God, that tho-u hast be-
come assisted to promulgate the Word
of God in Japan. Ere long this circle
in Japan will be enlarged, obtaining
heavenly blessing.
God says in the glorious Koran: 
seed, -growing out of it seven ears and
every ear containing one hundred ker-
nels, and God is able to double this for
whomsoever He Willeth." This verse
means this: Whenever the Word of truth
is pro-claimed it is like unto a seed
which sown in a pure soil brings forth
seven ears and every ear produces one
hundred kernels and God says again that
for whomsoever he desireth he will dou-
ble this numb-er, that is; He will make
the seven hundred kernels fourteen
hundred.
Now I ho-pe that thy call in Japan may
be like unto that seed, so that it may
obtain heavenly blessing and benediction
and the so-uls be educated and taught
the oneness and singleness of God, the
truthfulness of the prophets and the use-
fulness of the divine teachings.
An answer is Written to the letters of
Mr. Fukuta and forwarded. Present it
to him.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
Haifa, Syria, Oct. 27, 1916.)
To Mr. Fulsuta San.
thou who art guided by the Light of
Guidance!
Thy first and second letters were re-
ceived: Praise be to God, that the light
of guidance shone forth, the glass of the
heart became luminous and the darkness
of ignorance dispelled. The Most Great
Guidance is a crown, the brilliant gems
o-f which will shine upon -all the future
ages and cycles. If it is placed on the
head of a servant, he will become the
object of the envy of the kings; for this
is a.n imp-erishable crown and an ever-
la.sting sovereignty. God says in the
great Koran: "He specializes with
His mercy who-msoever He desireth."
Praise be to God, that thou hast be-
come specializedwith divine favor and
bounty. Thou didst become awake, b-e-
held the lights and hearkened unto the
melody of the Supreme Concourse. In
the glorious Gospel it_is said: "Freely
ye have received, freely give." _That is
you have fou_n_d this bestowal; you have
paid nothing for it: therefore give it to
others without any exchange. Now with
a heavenly power, with a lordly gift,
with spiritual morals, with god-like
deeds and with supreme glad-tidings be
thou engaged in the promotion of the
teachings of God in Japan. The con-
firmation of the Kingdom shall encom-
pass you and the cohorts of the realm
of might will grant triumph.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Mirza Abmad Sohrab,
Haifa, Syria, Oct. 28, 1916.)
To Miss Agnes Alexander.
thou daughter of the kingdom!
Thy letter dated July 15th, 1916, re-
ceived. Its contents indicated that thou
hast organized a meeting in Japan. Con-
sider thou What a great favor God has
bestowed that such spiritual meetings
are being held in T'okyo and such heav-
enly gifts are being distributed! God
says in the Koran: "The example of
the people of faith is like unto a field
which obtains freshness and verdancy
from the rain descending from the
clouds, attaining to full fruition and
finding the blessing of the Kingdom!
There is no doubt that day by day it will
grow and develop and in the end the
ears of the sheaves will be laden with
God's benediction, bringing forth an
hundred fold."
Now, ye are the fields of the plain of
Reality and are under the protection of
the educative rays of the Sun of Truth.

