STAR OF THE WEST Z41
The higher our station is, the nearer
we are to God and the more severe do our
tests become; when We have received
great blessings, We are apt to become
self-confident and think that We are se-
cure from falling, and then is our dan-
ger great.
(Abdul-Baha: Notes of Miss E. J. Ro-
senberg, Acca, 1901.)
mi;
Rest assured in the protection of God.
He will preserve his own children under
all circumstances. Be ye not afraid nor
be ye agitated. He holds the scepter of
power in his hand, and like unto a hen
he gathereth his chickens under his
Wings. "To everything there is a sea-
son, and a time for every purpose under
the sun. A time to be born, and a time
to die, a time to weep and a time to
laugh; a time to keep silent and a time
to speak." Now, friends, this is the
time of assurance and faith and not fear
and dread.
(Abdul-B-aha: From Diary of Mirza
Sohrab, June 5, 1914.)
 EUR
These people who called on us today
were in a state of fright. They are ex-
pecting daily the bombardment of Haifa
by the foreign warships. As soon as
they see a little moving speck in the
horizon of the sea, they look through
their glasses, anxiously scanning to see
Whether these are the expected cruisers.
Their hearts are in a state of anxiety.
They are terror-stricken. They have no
peace of mind. This is one of the signs
of absence of faith. It is stated in the
Koran: "They imagine every cry raised
is an enemy unto them." For example,
When a thief enters a house, the least
noise causes his flight. He trembles and
quakes.
But the hearts of the people of faith
are assured. If they are surrounded by
a thousand enemies they stand firm on
their ground. The greatest divine boun-
ty is a confident heart. "Then the heart
is confident, all the trials of the world
will be as child's play. Should they
throw him into prison, should they cast
him into a black well, should they heap
upon him all manner of afilictions, still
his heart is content, peaceful and as-
sured.
(Abdul-Baha: From Diary of Mirza
Sohrab, October 18, 1914.)
To enter the Kingdom is easy, but to
remain firm and constant is difiicult.
The planting of trees is easy but their
cultivation and training to strengthen
their roots and to make them firm is
diffi-cult. Now, as thou art a firm tree,
thou shalt certainly grow and send out
branches, leaves and blossoms and bear
fruits. These branches, leaves, blossoms
and fruits are the souls Who may be
guided, through the providence of God,
by thee.
(Tablets of Abdul-Balm, p. 105.)
Man must seek to gain the acceptance
of God and not that of the different
classes of men. If one is praised and
chosen by God, the accusation of all the
creatures will cause no loss to him; and
if a man is not accepted at the Threshold
of God the praise and admiration of all
men will be of no use to him.
(Tablets of Abdul-Ba-ho; p. 158.)
Thou hast Written concerning the tests
that have co-me upon thee. To the sin-
cere ones, tests are as a gift from God,
the Exalted, for a heroic person hasten-
eth, with the utmost joy and gladness,
to the tests of a violent battlefield, but
the coward is afraid and trembles and
utters moaning and lamentation. Like-
wise, an expert student prepareth and
memorizeth his lessons and exercises with
the utmost effort, and in the day of ex-
amination he appeareth with infinite joy
before the master. Likewise the pure
gold shineth radiantly in the fire of test.

