STAR OF THE WEST 14-9
News from Palestine
Extract from a Letter dated at Devonshire, England, August 17, 1917, from
Mirza Lotfullah Hakim to Mr. Roy C. Wilhelm
I am sure you will be interested to hear some news of the beloved Abdul-
Baha. Two days ago I had a letter from a friend in Cairo dated July 25, 1917,
giving the following news:
have been hearing from home regularly lately, but they only write a few
lines and simply tell me that they are all well and that Agha (i Abdul-Baha)
is well and is sometimes at Haifa and -other times at Acca. The food question
is not as difficult as we hear of especially in that district; but undoubtedly there
is a shortage of all imported goods, and food is tolerably expensive."
News from Japan
Tokyo, Japan, August, 1917.
To the STAR or THE WEST.
I was so pleased you published the
photograph 0-f Miss Alexander's group,
but sad to say the group is suspended
for a while. Miss Alexander was sud-
denly called to her ho-me at Honolulu
and we are all heart broken. I feel es-
pecially sad for those who were groping
in the dark looking to her for light. Dr.
Auger, who is still here, will do all he
can to spread the work. A young Japan-
ese, Tokugiro Torii (a blind man), is to
o-pen a Bahai center in September, and
an English center will be opened at Shib-a
Park early in the fall, so the seed scat-
tered with such a lavish hand by Miss
Alexander will not have been in vain.
. . . I feel Miss Alexander's mantle
has fallen upon me during her absence
and it is my prayer that I may do a
little to prove worthy.
With many greetings in His Greatest
Name.
I (Mrs) E. Emma Erskivze-Halm.
News from Washington, D. C.
To the S-ma on THE Wnsr.
Following the report of the Boston
Convention, as reported in the STAR or
THE WVEST, a number of calls have
reached WVashing'ton for help in estab>>
lishing a Children's Sunday Class.
Among the letters received are communi-
cations from London, from British Col-
umbia and from Cleveland, Ohio, etc. Re-
plies have been forwarded, with a prayer
that they may be of some service. But
the Cleveland request and answer was
quickly followed by a personal demon-
stration, Sunday and Monday, Septem-
ber 23-24;, o-f two of the many methods
which we have tried in VVashington.
Praise God! I found the children and
young people marvels of spiritual in-
sight. Their quick responsiveness and
eagerness to learn more, their unwillin g-
ness to go home when the hour was
ended, desiring more and more of the
VVords, were evident proof that the hour
has struck for the training of children
along spiritual lines, that they may be
prepared to carry on the work of the
Cause; that they may be taught to teach
one another and learn to ask intelligent
questions of one another; simply guided
by an enthusiastic, loving teacher. This
is the plan laid down by our beloved
Ab-dnl-Baha.
After two Wonderful meetings with
the children and young people of the
Cleveland Assembly, I am convinced that
it is the spirit of the children them-
selves that must determine the wisest
method. are still most willing to
(Continued on page 152)

