STAR OF THE WEST 165
and shall never be forgotten. Those
days were overflowing with joy and frag-
rance.
(Abdul-B ah a. 
l\/Iirza Yahya. or Subhi-Ezel, the young-
er half brother, whom Baha'o'llah in his
love had taught most tenderly, became
amb-itious for prominence in the won-
derful movement the Bab had started.
He was encouraged by a temporary lead-
ership which the Bab had entrusted to
him. He lacked courage, however, and
when the persecutions broke out fled in
disguise to Baghdad, where he began to
oppose the pure and glorious Baha'o '1lah
and claimed that he himself was the
great teacher whom the Bab- had fore-
told, "Him whom God should manifest."
Other followers of the Bab also made
similar claims. With these claims they
evidently stirred up quite a commotion
and Baha'o'llah, always a man of peace,
withdrew for two years into the moun-
tains and let them do the teaching. But
the words of Abdul-Baha, which are
quoted a few paragraphs below, show
how powerless these claimants were to
quicken the spirits and purify the lives
of those to whom Baha'o'llah had
brought the very water of life. When
their failure to produce in their hearers
the fruits of righteousness was apparent
Baha'o'llah returned that through the
radiance of his .spirit he might bring
them back from death into life.
Later when Baha'o'llah felt compelled
to proclaim that God had called him to
be the teacher of world-unity whom the
Bab had announced, he enclosed in the
envelope with his own proclamation a
letter of These he sent
without a word of comment and let the
readers judge from the comparative
spiritual power of the two letters which
had the sanction of God's Holy Spirit.
Almost everyone accepted Baha'o'llah.
Subhi-Ezel thus defeated descended to
intrigues and for many years carried on
intrigues against his glorious brother.
Some writers in the West failing to
probe the disguise of Subhi-Ezel's pre-
tended goodness have tried to justify
him. But the great higher critic, Prof.
T. K. Oheyne, has proved beyond the
shadow of a question the futility and
emptiness of all Subhi-Ezel's claims. A
few years ago Subhi-Ezel's own son see-
ing how Baha'o'1lah had now proved his
greatness and divine power by bringing
multitudes of those divergent races and
sects into a new life of brotherhood and
love became a devoted follower of Baha-
'o'llah.
(Note by compiler.)
During the first years of our stay in
Baghdad, Baha'o'llah suddenly depart-
e_d for the mountains of Suleymanieh. At
that time we did not know his where-
abouts at all and so it happened that
there was no one to teach the Cause or
muster the scattered Bahai forces. The
fire of search was almost extinguished
and the interest of the public waned.
There was no one to assuage the fear of
the few or attract the hearts of the
many. The voice of divine authority
was hushed and the thunders and light-
nings of spiritual revelations did not roll
and flash across the heavenly track.
l\/lirza Yahya, who claimed to be the vice-
regent of the Bab, always fearing his
own shadow, was concealing himself in
a thousand hiding-places. Completely
disguised and under the assumed name
of Haji Ali, he traveled like a dervish
between Baghdad and Balsorah. In or-
der to hide his identity from the public
he had hung on a string a few red and
yellow Arabian slippers, which he sold to
the people while walking through the
streets and bazaars.
At this juncture, two young men from
Meelan came to Baghdad. They were
enkindled believers and they brought
cheer and happiness to our despondent
and sorrowing hearts. It was then a long
time that We had had no news from the
Blessed Perfection (Baha'o'1lah). The
fire of spirituality and activity was put
out of every soul. The hearts were be-

