STAR OF THE VVEST 67
given to holy thoughts of God, What
would become of the World from a com-
mercial standpoint?"
He replied: "Love, faith, and being
filled with the will of God are not at
variance with the temporal affairs which
man has to attend to. can be filled
with the love of God and at the same
time look after our life and its
pursuits. Though in the beginning it is
diflicult for us to realize this state in
ourselves, yet this can become feasible
and practical if we obey the laws and
ordinances of God.
"Consider D-avid. WVhile he was at-
tentive and watchful over his temporal
affairs and dominion to such an
extent that he looked after each one of
his soldiers, computed their number, ar-
ranged their sustenance and means of
living, and while he was so alert in ar-
ranging administrative afiiairs that he
Was not at all heedless of the neighboring
kings and their thoughts, even in such
wise that through Warfare and battles
he strengthened that Weak kingdom of
the Israelites and glorified his people
before the eyes of the great kings of
Egypt, Aram and Assyria, yet, could it
be thought that he Was meanwhile sep-
arated from the love of God? Or, could
it be said he ever was so carried away
by temporal occupations and cares as to
make him heedless of the commemora-
tion of God"?
Likewise, consider His Holiness Abra-
hamnomadic
life, who possessed large herds and fiocks
in the desert and who gained his living
by rearing sheep and cattle. He was so
Watchful and attentive _in the adminis-
tration of the aifairs pertaining to tem-
poral pursuits that nothing escaped his
notice. Although he was single and
alone when he migrated from Ur of the
Chaldeans yet he exercised the utmost
care in his affairs and thus be-
came accounted among the highest men
of afiluence in Syrian lands. And not-
withstanding the fact that he gave per-
sonal care and attention to every single
sheep, in case of sicknesssingle moment heedless of the
commemoration of God; so mindful Was-
he, that, among all the inhabitants ofi
the world, at that time he alone was
chosen by God as his friend.
"Consequently, We and you must like-
wise exert ourselves in order to reach
such a state in the love of God that the
World and its occupations no-matter how
involving they may be may 11ot prevent
us from the praise of God nor make us
heedless of His commemoration.
"Mohamm-ed, the prophet of God, has
said: 'Man in this world must be so
attentive to his afifairs and tem-
poral, necessary pursuits that it may
seem as though he thinks he is going
to live forever in this World. And he
must, at the same time, be so submerged
in the love of God and occupied with
the thoughts of the hereafter that it may
seem as though he is going to die and
leave this earth at the very moment'."
(An extract from a letter written by
a believer containing teachings by Mirza
Abul Fazl.)

It is incumbent upon every one of you
to engage in some one occupation, such
as arts, trades and the like. Vile have
made this your occupation identical with
the worship of God, the True One. Re-
flect, people, upon the mercy of God
and upon his favors; then thank him in
the mornings and evenings.
Waste. not your time in idleness and
indolence, and occupy yourselves with
that which will profit yourselves and
others be-side yourself. . . . Every
soul who occupies himself in an art or
Will be accounted an act of
Worship before God.
(The Words of Baha'o'llah in the Glad


The guidance of God is that which
will always guide people in the right
Way. All human beings are 
their hearts are connected with this

