236 STAR OF
is the proof of the sincere lover and this
is the evidence of the faithful friend. If
it were not so every stranger would he-
come a friend and the deprived one
would become the confidant of the mys-
teries, the remote one would become the
near one and the outcast would become
the beloved. Consequently the most
great wisdom has ordained that the fire
of tests shall rage and the rushing tor-
rent o-f ordeals sweep tumultuously
from the mountain of revelation, so that
the untruthful may become distinguished
from the truthful, the unrighteous be
known from the righteous, the worship-
per of self be separated from the wor-
shipper of God, the good fruit be set
apart from the evil fruit, the signs of
light be manifest and the gloom of dark-
ness be dispelled, the nightingale of
trustworthiness sing the melody of love
and the raven of oppression cro-ak the
discordant notes of error, the fertile soil
become green and verdant and the bar-
ren ground produce its thorns and this-
tles, the ones attracted to the breath of
Ahha become firm and the followers of
passion and desire turn away. This is
the wisdom of trials and this is the cause
of ordeals.
(Abdul-Baha: Bahai New.s'; N0. 3, pp.
2, 3.)

Thy detailed letter was received. Its
perusal produced the utmost happiness
for it revealed the fact that thou hast
attained to the knowledge of the reality
of tests; namely, that tests endured in
the path of God are conducive to con-
firmation, nay, rather, they are heavenly
powers and the bounties of the realm of
Might. But to the weak believers tests
are trials and examination, for, on ac-
count of the weakness of their faith and
assurance they fall into difficulties and
vicissitudes. However, to those souls who
are firm and steadfast, tests are the
greatest favors.
Consider thou that at the time of an
examination in sciences and arts, the dull
THE WEST
and lazy pupil finds himself in calamity.
But to the intelligent and sagacious stu-
dent, examination in learning produces
honor and infinite happiness. Alloycd
gold subjected to the fire portrays its
baseness. Vi-Thile the intensity of the flame
enhances the beauty of the (pure) gold.
Therefore, tests to the weak souls are
calamity and to the veiled ones the cause
of their disgrace and humiliation.
The point is this, that in the path of
Truth every difficulty is made plain and
every trial is a matcliless bounty.
Therefore, the believers of God and
the maid-servants of the Merciful must
not relax during trials, and no disaster
must deter their service in the Cause of
G-od.
(Abdul-Baha: Daily Lessons; pp. 85,
86.)
 
That soul is alone who is negligent of
Cod. But if he knows God, although he
may live in an interminable desert With-
out water and vegetation yet he is not
is with him. The sky of this
terrestrial globe is always obscure and
misty and covered with black, inky
clouds. Now the thunder rolls and anon
the lightning flashes. Now the hail
falls and again the snow descends. Now
there is a wild hurricane and then a tem-
pestuous torrent rushing down from the
mountain side. Therefore, do not think
for one moment that these trials and
ordeals are confined to thee. In reality
all the people are surrounded with suf~
ferings so that they may not attach their
hearts to the world, but will seek for
composure and rest in the divine world
and beg for the bestowal of the Kingdom.
Consequently be thou glad from the bot~
to-m of thy heart and be rejoiced through
the divine glad tidings.
(Abdul-Baha: From Diary of Mirza
Sohrab, July 20, 1914.)
(Chapter IX to be continued.)

