STAR OF THE WEST 219
This (Covenant) is the Ark of Noah,
its moving power is the fire of the love
of God and its captain is Baha'o'llah.
('Words of Abdul-Baha: From Diary
of Mirza Sohrab, December 6, 1912.)
Thy detailed letter . . . . was duly
received. Its contents produced joy and
happiness, for it indicated the manifesta-
tion of the power of the Cause of God
in that country, and the worthy services
rendered by t-he firm ones in the Cove-
nant and Testament.
("Fords o-f Abdul-Baha: Extract from
Tablet, translated March 5, 1914.)
Firmness in the Covenant contains an
odor like unto the fragrance of the musk
which perfumes the nostrils, while viola-
tion of the Covenant has a stench which
nauseates the nostrils. Therefore, when
one inhales with a spiritual power un-
questionably he will distinguish between
the two smells.
The World of violation is like unto a
root-less tree, ere long it will entirely
die. The world of the Covenant is like
unto the Blessed Tree which is growing
beside the river of the Water of Life
in the utmost delicacy and beautydeveloping and adding
to its verdancy. Ere long no trace will
be left of the world of violation. No
one will ever abandon His Holiness
Baha'o'llah and his incontrovertible
texts and no one will ever follow the
superstitions of the nakazeen [the viola-
tors]. For in his irrefutable utterances
and blessed writing he has most emphat-
ically commanded all the nakazeen to
obey (the Center of the Covenant). All
the nakazcen whom you observe know
this fact but self-interest having crept
in they are following violation. . . .
This century will pass and in the next
century there will remain not one naka-
zeen.
('Words of Abdul-Baha: Portion of
Tablet, translated September 30, 1913.)
Thy letter was received and its con-
tents imparted the utmost of happiness
because it was an indication of thy firm-
ness and steadfastness in the Covenant.
Today whoever is firm in the Covenant
shall become ignited like unto a candle
in the assemblage of the world and the
confirmations of the Kingdom of Abha
shall encircle him from all direct-ions.
Thank thou God that both thyself and
thy revered husband are confirmed in the
firmness of the Testament and from
every standpoint thou art serving the
Kingdom of God.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Portion of
Tablet revealed for a Les Angeles be-
liever, translated July 16, 1913.)
 .
Today the highest of all the degrees
are the degrees of firmness and stead-
fastness in faith and certainty. This
firmness and steadfastness will be con-
ducive to the descent of divine assistance
and confirmation.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From Diary
of Mirza Sohrab, July 24, 1914.)
 
Thy letter was received. Its perusal
indicated thy faith and firmness in the
Covenant and Testament. . . . . There-
fore, exercise the utmost love and kind-
ness toward each other to the utmost
degree, and love each other heartily and
strive in the assistance of each other and
take a firm hold on the divine Testament
and the Covenant. Because the spirit
of this age is the Covenant and the Tes-
tament of God. It is like the pulsating
artery in the body of the world. Speak
in your meetings and assemblages about
the Testament and the Covenant, and
invite every one to firmness and stead-
fastness in the, Covenant. Know ye
this: that if any person is the least
doubtful about the Covenant, he is im-
mediately cut ofi--although he may be
the greatest among men. The harmful
results of such an event will appear

