STAR OF THE WEST 117
ilarly, this Cause is pure spiritually. It
deals with the moral aspect of mankind.
The hearts of the believers must be foun-
tains of the love of Baha'o'llah. Free-
ing themselves from all withering re~
strictions, they must occupy themselves
with the .promulgation of the "lord."
Memorial Service f01"Mrs. Lao, Getsinger.
On the last day of Rizwan, and the last
day of the convention, as it was.the first
anniversary of the passing from this
earth of Mrs. Lua Gretsinger, a short
memorial service was held for her. Mrs.
May Maxwell spoke thus of the spiritual
mother of so many souls in America:
"Lua needs no eulogy from human be-
ings. But Whenever I think of her I
remember something tha.t Abdul-Baha
said about her to me, 'It is indeed the
truth that Lua has guided many, many,
many souls into the Kingdom.'
think--as the convention is dis-
banding and we are going forth to the
really great work for which in this con-
vention we have received such inspira-
tion, that it has been like drinking from
a fountain of living water, it is fitting
that we speak of Lua. It has seemed that
last year's convention was like a limpid
pool that was still and calm and deep,
reflecting the image of the Center of the
Convent, on that day when Lua gave up
her life far away in the land of Egypt.
I think many of us felt last year that
the spiritual temple came into being on
that day and at that convention. But
this has been much more wonderful, be-
cause it has been like a surging sea, the
tempestuous waves of power surging
through this convention in all our hearts
and souls; but the great
depths of love--of wonderful love that
we all feel for one another have re-
mained untouched and undisturbed; and
they are surely the basis of all that work
We are going forth to do.
"And if we can attain to any part
of the sacrifice and service of Lua, we
shall do well, because I never knew her
to refuse any call, 'no matter how weak,
exhausted, or tired. She would always
give up everything to serve. One day in
Paris, at one mon1ent's notice she gave
up her trip to London and gave up her
tickets to give the message to one man,
because he wanted to hear it from Lua. 
A silent prayer followed in memory
of that one who was among the first to
herald in America the new Kingdom of
universal love and peace.
Acljottrned to Meet in Chicago.
The Boston session was adjourned to
meet in Chicago, June 17th, formally to
ratify within the Sta-te of Illinois the
action of the Boston meeting.
In the homes of Boston Bahais, .del-
egates who remained a day longer, met
and had wonderful times praying for the
return of the pilgrims to- the different
parts of the country.
The One Day Convention in Chicago
ON the seventeenth of June friends
from Boston, San Francisco, Min-
neapolis and Pittsburgh gathered in
Chicago for a joyous one-day congress.
The occasion of their meeting was the
ratifying of the plans made in Boston
for the Temple to be built in Chicago.
This business was quickly finished and
then came the chief glory of the day--
two meetings, one in the afternoon at the
Auditorium Hotel, another in the even-
ing at the Masonic Temple which the
Chicago Bahais had arranged.
Both meetings were crowded with
eager seekers for the light of God. And
the light of God 's love and truth was
there, shining with conquering bril-
liance. At times the Holy Spirit seemed
to sweep the audiences in bright waves.
Many had a new a.nd holy consciousness
that the Day of God had really dawned

