106 STAR OF THE WEST
Pot-Pourri of Convention Fragrances
By Martha L. Root.
THE ninth annual Mashrak-el~Azkar
convention, assembled at the- sug-
gestion of Abdul-Baha, was opened
at 10 o'clock, Monday morning, April 30,
1917, at Ho-tel Brunswick, Boston, Mass.
The chairman, Mr. Alfred E, Lunt, con-
cisely stated its purpose:
"We are here to do Abdul-Baha's
Will. \Ve are here with illumined vision,
we pray, with ears listening for the
divine guidance, to catch the desire
of the Center of the Covenant for this
gatheringtablet indicated, as he always indi-
-cates, that there is a great purpose in
each one of these gatherings.
"Those of you who have assembled in
past conventio-ns know that in each one
a great and fundamental spiritual prob-
lem has come before the convention for
settlement, and in every case it has been
settled right and has receive-d the blessed
confirmation of Abdul-Baha later."
Importance of Teaching.
The vision of the 1917 convention was
glimpsed when the teaching tablets of
Abdul-Baha were read, and action wa.s
taken to translate that vision into en-
during form in firm and permanent
action.
Mr. Hooper Harris voiced the thought
of all when he said: "The one specific
call for this convention is to take up in
a fitting manner the matter of the pr_o-
motion of teaching."
Mrs. Ella G. Cooper added that just
as the previous year the convention was
fired by the inspiration of giving, so this
season it would 'bi; atlame through the
plan of teaching.
A motion was ma.de at once by Mr.
Albert H. Hall that the Unity co-operate
in the plan of teaching and spreading
the teachings in the North American
continent, communicated in the five tab-
lets by Abdul-Baha, and that the Unity
recognize the persons addressed in each
of the five geographical divisions of
North America as the persons best fitted
to initiate the work in their several geo-
graphical boundaries fixed in the tablets.
Quoting the speaker directly, "That we
ask the executive board of this Unity
to be elected, to co-operate and to co-
ordinate the energies of this Unity with
those five persons, so superintending the
work in the five geographical divisions
fixed by Abdul-Baha."
In the discussion on teaching which
followed it was suggested by one of the
speakers "that if We are to spread the
light of the new Kingdom into all the
cities and towns of America, we must
have bo-th organization and freedom. We
must present the most great glad tidings
'systematically and enthusiastically,'
Abdul-Baha has said. This requires that
there be committees in each of the five
great districts to systematize and guide
the divine campaign in their district. It
requires also a central committee which
shall be a sort of clearing house to keep
mutual understanding among the five
districts.
"But the greatest need is for freedom,
for the most glorious spontaneity which
the Bahai Cause can present, lest anyone
check the Holy Spirit when it is going
into action. The five great tablets ring
like a divine bell from the heaven of
the new era calling everyone who hears
to arise, if he can, and teach. If he can-
not go to- new cities let him then con-
tribute some money and send or assist in
sending someone else. He may send his
contribution to the central committee of
his district, or to his assembly, or he
may send out some pure and illumined
teacher himself. The great call of the
hour is that the work be done and that
radiant messengers of the. good news
enter every city and hamlet of our con-
tinent With the message that the most

