20 STAR OF TI-IE VVEST
are the essence of existence; in their
estimation wealth offers no attractions.
If the doors of the heavenly blessings
are opened before their faces, if they be-
come the posses-sors of the riches of all
the World, if the mountains of the earth
turn into diamonds, if the oceans of the
globe change into gold . . . their
spiritual independence will undergo no
change or alteration, their faith in God
will increase, t.heir mindfulness will
augment, the heat of the fire of their love
for true democracy and the education of
mankind will burn away all barriers of
ostentation and pride. Their intense
passion for God wax greater day by
day. Such rich men are in reality the
light-bearing stars of the heaven of man-
kind, because they have been tried and
tested and have come out of the crucible
as pure gold . . . unalloyed and un-
adulterated. With all the Wealth of the
World at their feet they are yet mindful
of God and humanity, they spend their
acquired riches for the dispelling of the
darkness of ignorance and employ their
treasures for the alleviation of the mis-
ery of the children of God. The light of
such rich men will never grow dim and
the tree of their generosity will grow in
size and stature, producing fruits in all
seasons. Their every deed will be as an
example for succeeding generations.
('Words of Abdul-Baha; from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, February 24,
1914.)
It behooves thee to sever thyself from
all desires save from thy Lord the Su-
preme, expecting no help or aid from
any one in the universe, not even from
thy father and children! Resign thy-
self to God. C'-ontent thyself with but
little of this world's goods. Verily, econ-
omy is a great treasure. If any one
of thy relatives oppress thee, complain
not against him before the magistrates;
rather, manifest magnificent patience
during every calamity and hardship.
Verily, thy Master is the Lord of faith-
fulness! Forgive and overlook the
shortcomings which ha.ve appeared in
that the sake of love and affec-
tion. Know that nothing will benefit
thee in this life save supplication and
invocation unto God, service in his vine-
yard, and with a heart full of love to be
in constant service unto him.
If thy daily living become difficult,
soon God, thy Lord, Will bestow upon
thee that which will satisfy thee. Be
patient in the time of affliction and trial,
endure every difficulty and hardship
with a dilated. heart, attracted spirit and
eloquent tongue in remembrance of the
Merciful. Verily, this is the life of sat-
isfaction, of spiritual existence, heavenly
repose, divine benediction, and the celes-
tial table. Soon the Lord will extenuate
thy- straightened circumstances, even in
this world.
(Tablets of Abdul-Balm; Vol. 1, p. 97.)
Be not grieved on account of poverty
for true Wealth is surging and inundat-
ing like unto the ocean.
(Words of Abdul-B aha. 
Read Some Answered Questions
Pages 89-91
"ViThen I was in Paris one of the be-
lievers brought me a soft cushion and
urged me to put it under my head. I
became accustomed to it and as there
is none in this hotel my neck has pained
me all these nights. To be the slave of
custom is the Worst habit. I will have
none of it-I When I was young I often
had a brick or a piece of rock as my
pillow, and I slept soundly,"
Haji Niaz said that he had a soft
cushion with him and asked to be al-
lowed to go out and bring it. Abdul-
Baha answered:
"No, no! I must get accustomed to
my natural Ways T-his Would not do.
One must never accustom himself to any-

