STAR OF THE WEST 103
proofs and principles of thy Lord with
great penetration and confidence.
(W0-rds of Abdul-Baha: Excerpt from
Tablet, translated by Mirza Ahmad Soh-
rab, R-amleh, 1913.)
~ii_
Rest assured in the fact that the
breath of the Holy Spirit will aid you,--
provided no doubts obtain in your
hearts. Know this for a certainty.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Ki11ney-
Be-ede-Thompson Notes, July 8, 1909.)
ii.
When you breathe forth the breath
of the Holy Spirit from your hearts" into
the World, commerce and politics will
take care of themselves in perfect har-
mony. All arts andsciences will become
revealed and the knowledge of God will
be manifested. It is not your work but
that of the Holy Spirit which you
breathe forth through the Word. This
is a fundamental truth.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Waite-I-Ia1"ri-
son Notes; Acca, October 12, 1909.)
The withered and faded are refreshed,
the joyless becomes happy, the extinct
become enkindled and the lifeless are
quiokened with the breaths of the Holy
Spirit.
(Abdul-B aha. 
Pay not attention to things material
but rea-ch after the Spirit. Fix your
eyes on the Sun of Truth for his light
floods the whole earth. Let the sun give
you of his strength then the clouds of
prejudice will not hide his light from
your eyes, then Will the s-un be without
clouds for you. May we share in the
divine bo-unties of the Kingdom. May
the world be for you no obstacle hiding
the Sun of Truth from your sight, as
the human body of Christ hid his divin-
ity from the people of his day.
May you receive the clear vision of
the Holy Spirit so that your hearts may
be illumined and see the Sun of Truth
shining through all material clouds.
(Wordsi of Abdul-Baha: From Notes
of Mrs. Mary Hanfo-rd Ford, Paris, Oc-
tober 27, 1911.)
ii.'
The spiritual food is the principal
food, . . . the effect of the spiritual
food is eternal. The material food, that
is, the food for the body, is simply Water
and bread, b-ut the food for the intellect
is knowledge and the food for the spirit
is the significanccs of the heavenly Words
and the -bounties of the Holy Spirit.
(W0-rds of Ab-dul-Baha: Kinney-Beede
Thompson Notes, Acca, July 6, 1909.)

The teachings of Baha'o'llah are the
breaths of the Holy Spirit which create
men anew.
(Abdul-Baha.)
And now you, if you act in accordance
with the teachings of Bal1a'0'llah, may
rest assured that you will be aided and
confirmed. In all affairs which you un-
dertake, you shall be rendered victori-
ous, and all the inhabitants of the earth
cannot withstand you. You are the
conquerors, because the power of the
Holy Spirit is your assistant. Above and
over physical forces, phenomenal forces,
the Holy Spirit itself shall aid you.
(1/Vords of Abdul-Baha: From address,
Washington, D. C., May 10, 1912.)
The outpouring of the Holy Spirit
changes the small acorn into an over-
shadowing tree and the showers of the
heavenly clouds of mercy transform
the black soil into a delectable rose-gar
den.
(Abdul-Baha.)
The body of man is created for this
world but his heart is made for the habi-
tation of the Holy Spirit. . . . . When

