STAR OF THE WEST 15
economics heretofore has been twofold.
Its system and application have been
purely material, instead of material and
spiritual, they have been purely mascu-
line, instead of masculine and feminine.
need the feminine influence in the
world housekeeping, says the great edu-
cator. \/Vhen he met the suffragists of
London in 1912, he expressed his opin-
ion in regard to equal rights, and then
asked Mrs. Pethick Lawrence t'o say what
she thought was wrong with the World.
She replied that in her opinion humanity
had been trying to fly with one wing,
when in reality it needed two for perfect
flight. Abdul-Baha replied, "What
would you think if I said that humanity
not only needs another wing, but the
wing that has been lacking is the
stronger, and with its aid humanity will
take a wider flight than it has ever
achieved before?" Then he went on to
tell the beautiful story of Zenobia, Queen
of Palmyra, and her attainments, show-
ing that the supreme woman is not only
capable of leadership and government,
but that she possesses a faithful love, a
power of self-sacrifice, in which she re-
mains completely feminine, no matter
what public functions her life may com-
pass.
\7Vhen Abdul-Baha had completed his
tour of the western world, in 1912, he
returned to London, and the edit-or of
the Asiatic Quarterly Review thought it
would be intensely interesting to have
the opinion of the "greatest prisoner"
in regard to- Western civilization, so dif-
ferent in every respect from that of the
Orient. He therefore asked Abdul-Baha
to write this article, and the result was
a most luminous expression as to the
meaning of civilization and the faults
evident in that of the West.
Abdul-Baha says: that one ob-
serves in the "Western Hemisphere are
the appearances of .the material world,
and not of the divine world.
"As there are many defects in the
world of nature, the lights of divine civ-
ilization a.re hidden, and nature has be-
come the ruler over all things.
"In the World of nature the greatest
dominant note is the struggle for exist-
ence--the result of which is the survival
of the fittest. The law of the survival
of the fittest is the origin of all difficul-
ties. It is the cause of War and strife,
hatred and animosity between human
beings.
"In the World of nature there is tyr-
rany, egoism, aggression, overbearance,
usurpation of the rights of others, and
other blameworthy attributes which are
the defects of the animal World. There-
fore so long as the requirements o-f the
natural World play paramount part
among the children of men, success and
prosperity are impossible. For the suc-
cess o-f the human World depends upon
the qualities and virtues with which the
reality of humanity is adorned; while
the exigencies of the natural world work
against the realization o-f this object.
"Nature is warlike, nature is blood-
thirsty, nature is tyrannical, nature is
unaware of His Highness the Almighty.
That is why these cruel qualities are'nat-
ural to the animal world.
"Therefore His Highness the Lord of
mankind, having great love and mercy,
has caused the appearance of the proph-
ets, and the revelations of the holy books,
so that through divine education the
World of humanity may be released from
the corruption of nature and the dark-
ness o-f ignorance; be confirmed with
ideal virtues, the susceptibilities of con-
sciousness, and the spiritual attributes,
and become the dawning place of merci-
ful emotions. This is divine civilization.
Today in the world of humanity material
civilization is like unto a lamp of the
utmost transparency, but this lamp~--a
thousand times alas--is deprived of light.
This light is divine civilization, which
is instituted by the holy divine Mani-
festations.
"This century is the century of light.
This century is the century of the ap-
pearance of reality. This century is the
century of universal progress."
Abdul-Baha goes on to tell us how we
can incorporate the divine laws into

