STAR OF THE WEST 169
for Thy good pleasure I fear not all the
aiflictions of the World. This is but
through Thy strength and Thy might,
Thy gra.ce and Thy favor, not because I
am deserving thereof.
(From a letter to the Shah of Persia.
Baha'o'llah's account of God's call
ringing in his inmost conciousness
bidding him arise and announce him-
self the one whom the Bab had fore-
told.)
During this time (the time of the
Bab 's banishment and imprisonment)
Baha'o'llah was constantly engaged in
the promulgation of the Cause of God;
but without proclaiming himself or mak-
ing known his station. Some, but few,
among his friends, the early disciples,
discovered that he was the one of whom
the Bab spoke--"He whom God shall
manifest." Although Baha'o'llah was
of royal lineage, and not of the scholas-
tic or learned, the people naturally look-
ing for this Promised One among the
divines, yet his marvelous discourses
astonished the Wise and learned and they
who were pure in heart saw in him the
fulfillment of their hopes.*
Baha'o'llah well prepared the people
for the coming of the great event, namely,
his declaration, which took place in the
Garden of the R-izwan, outside the city
of Baghdad. During twelve days he
made his mission known to his disciples,
and inasmuch as this great event occurred
in the Garden of the Rizwan the great-
est of Bahai feasts is called after that
garden in commemorating the twelve
days.
(Flowers from the Rose Garden of Acca,
p. 26.)

*Baha'0'llah announced himself twice
in Baghdad, once to a few in 1853, then
to all his friends in 1863, in the garden
of the Rizwan.
In Baghdad I was a child nine years
old. There and then he (Baha'o'llah)
announced to me theWord, and I believed
him. As soon as he proclaimed to me
the Word I threw myself at his holy feet
and implored and supplicated him to
accept this one drop of blood as a sacri-
fice in his pathway.
(Abdul-Baha: From Diary of Mirza
Ahmad Sohrab, January 13, 1914.)
This is a blessed day (the ninth day
of the Rizwan), a happy and joyous day.
The beauty, the holiness and the signi-
ficance of these days are not known now.
This is the time of gladness, bliss and
ecstacy for the believers of God because
we have lived during the days of the
Blessed Perfection and have experienced
the great joy of these days. Their cele-
bration by us is always shaded with a
recollection, but for those who have not
seen Baha'o 'llah with their physical eyes
these days will be celebrated with a gen-
uine rejoicing and a most thorough prep-
aration. The beauty, the sheer joy, the
exhilaration of the golden Rizwan days
are now brought back to my memory and
in reviewing them I find each day a
perfect gem of spiritual rapture.
During the nights of those days we
could not sleep because we fancied in
our minds the unparalleled joy of meet-
ing Baha'o'llah in the morning, stand-
ing in his presence, receiving his graces,
and listening to his words. It was on the
ninth 'day that the Blessed Perfection
leaving Baghdad stayed in the Garden of
Hajib Pasha before starting for Con-
stantinople. It is impossible to describe
with words the beatific vibrations with
which we were surrounded in those days.
Although to all outward appearances the
Blessed Perfection was in exile, yet he
moved with such power and manifested
such majesty! The list of visitors calling
on him during these ten days looks rather
like the roll call of an army. Those Who
had never seen him while he lived in
Baghdad called. All the leaders of the

