STAR OF THE WEST 71
On the other hand who a.1nong our
leading religious teachers would still de-
clare that it is necessary to salvation to
believe t'l1at the World was made in six
days, or that the description of the
plagues of Egypt as given i11 the book
of Exodus is literally true, or that the
sun stood still in the heavens that
the earth stopped its rotation) to let
Joshua pursue his enemies? Such beliefs
may still be repeated in form, but who,
even among the clergy, accepts them in
their literal sense and without reserva-
tion Their hold on people 's hearts and
minds has gone or is fast going.
The religious wo-rld owes a debt of
gratitude to the men of science who
helped to tear such worno-ut creeds and
dogmas to tatters and allowed the truth
to step forth free. But the scientific
world owes an even heavier debt to the
real saints and mystics who, through
good report and ill, held to the vital
truths of spiritual experience and dem-
onstrated to an incredulous world that
the life is more than meat and the unseen
greater than the seen. These scientists
and saints were like the mountain peaks
which caught the first rays of the rising
sun and reflected. them to the lower
world, but now the sun has risen and its
rays are illuminating the World.
In the teachings of Baha'o-'llah we
have a glorious revelation of truth which
satisfies both heart and mind, in which
religion and science are at one. Before
going further let us first hear what the
Bahai teachings say about the way in
which We must seek the truth:
THE SEARCH FOR TRUTH
must cut himself free from all
prejudice and fro-m the result of his own
imagination so that he may search for
truth unhindered. He must accept noth-
ing as final which he has received simply
on the authority of parents or ancestors
or teachers. He must aim at seeing all
things with his own eyes, understanding
them with his own mind. If he accepts
any creed or doctrine which is either op-
posed t'o his reason or beyond his com-
prehension, he is putting into practice su-
perstition and 11ot true faith. Teachers
are necessary, of course, but they must
be educators, not crammers. The real
educator draws out the innate powers of
his pupils so that they can grasp things
for themselves, and does not aim simply
at packing their memories with ready
made information a.nd rules. The good
pupil is he who while accepting his
teacher as an indispensable guide and
help, yet tests every step of his progress
by the light of his own reason and in-
other words, by the Inner
Light of the Divine Spirit i11 his own
mind and heart. That Inner Light must
be his final authority. "Turn thy sight
unto thyself that thou mayest find Me
standing within thee powerful, mighty
and supreme." In this spirit of search
let us now examine the main features of
the teaching and see whether it affords
a satisfactory basis for the reconciliation
of reason and faith.
TRUE AGNOSTICISM.
The Bahai teaching is at one with
science and philosophy in declaring the
essential nature of God to be entirely be-
yond human comprehension. As emphat-
ically as Huxley and Spencer teach that
the nature of the Great First Cause is
unknowable, does Baha'o'llah teach that
"God comprehends all; He cannot be
comprehended." To- knowledge of the
Divine Essence "the way is barred;
seeking is forbidden." How can the
finite comprehend the Infinite? How
can a drop contain the ocean or a mote
dancing in the sunbeam embrace the
universe? Yet in each drop of water
are hidden oceans of meaning and in
each mote is concealed a whole universe
of significances, reaching far beyond the
ken of the mo-st learned scientist. The
chemist and physicist, pursuing their
researches into the nature of matter,
have passed from masses to molecules,
from molecules to atoms, from atoms to
electrons and ether, but at every step
the difficulties of the search increase
till the most profound intellect can pene-

