Z4 STAR OF THE WEST
permitteth one to have stainless hands
and a clean mouth and hair which is not
pervaded byab-ad odor. . . .
As to the question of opium, disgust-
ing and execrating, I resign myself to
God for its punishment. The formal
text of the Kita-b-El-Alcdas forbids and
reproves it and, according to reason, its
use leads to madness. Experience has
shown that he wh.o gives himself up to
it is completely excluded from the World
of humanity. . . . Happy is he who
never mentions the word opium! . . .
friends of God, experience has
shown how much the renouncing of to-
bacco, wine and opium gives health,
strength and intellectual enjoyment, pene-
tration of judgment and physical vigor.
There exists today a tribe, the Druses,
which refrains and abstains from to-
bacco, alcohol and opium and it com-
pletely excels all others in power, in
bravery, in health, beauty and grace.
A single one of these men can with-
stand ten men of other tribes and this
has been universally proved. That is to
say, generally, the individuals of this
trib-e are superior to the individuals of
the other tribes.
(Tablets of Abdul-Baha; Vol. 3, pp.
581-585.)
Regarding the use of liquors, accord-
ing to the text of the Book of Altd-as,
bot'h strong and light drinks are pro-
hibited. The reason for this prohi-
bition is that liquor leads the minds
astray and is the cause of weakening
the body. If alcohol were beneficial it
would have been brought into the world
by the divine creation and not by the
effort of man. Whatever is beneficial
for man exists in creation. Now it has
been proven and established medically
and scientifically that liquors are harm-
ful. Therefore the meaning of that
which is written in the tablets have
chosen for thee whatsoever is in the
heavens and earth"--are those things
which are according to the divine cre-
ation and not the things which are
harmful. For instance, poison is one
of the things: now how can we say that
poisons are to- be used habitually because
God has created them for man? How-
ever, as to the spirituous liquors if pre-
scribed by a do-ctor for the patient, and
their use is necessary, then they may be
used as directed.
(Words of Abdul-Baha; from tablet to
an American believer; translated by
Mirza. Ahmad Sohrab, May 12, 1910.)
I/Vhile looking from the window
Abdul-Baha said: "\lVe hear the mur-
mur of the sea always continuing.
It never ceases-. Were it to- cease the
world would be dead, stagnant, lifeless.
But the waves of the mind of man are
far greater than those of the sea. They
also are ceaseless. They never stop for
one instant. This movement is good. If
these waves of the mind are few the
man is dull and quiet. What pearls and
jewels are contained in the depths of
the sea! But the pearls and jewels hid-
den in the mind of man are the knowl-
edge, virtues, capabilities, etc. These
pearls can grow and increase in lustre
forever but the pearls of the sea remain
always the same. These waves from our
minds go forth and create movement and
thought in other minds. From one
strong thought of love what great results
may be produced."
(WVords of Abdul-Baha; from notes of
Miss Rosenberg, London, England; taken
at Acca, January, 1909.)
Profitless discussions fatigue and
weary a person. People who call 011 me
almost every day carry on a stream of
pro~fit'less, unspiritual talk and I must
listen to- them with patience. We are
commanded to associate with all the peo-
ple. Today three persons called and
they talked for one hour without any
definite result.
Man's speech is the revealer of his
heart. In whatever world the heart
travels, man 's conversation will revolve

