96 STAR OF THE WEST
"Baha'o'llah established Christ in the
East. He has praised Christ, honored
Christ, exalted Him, called Him 'the
Word of God, the Spirit of God,' raised
the name of Christ to supreme summits
of glorification. Throughout the orient
Bah-ais ha-re illumined the lamp of Christ
and spread His mention."
"The Cause of Baha'o'llah is the
same as the 'Ca-use of Christ. It is the
same temple a-nd the same foundation.
Both of these are the spiritual springs
and the seasons of the soul-refreshing
awahening and the cause of the renova-
tion of the life of mankind.
"The spring of this year is the same
as the spring of last year. The origin
and end are the same. The sun of today
is the sun of yesterday.
'In the coming" of Christ the divine
teachings were given in accordance with
the infancy of the human race. The
teachings of Baha'o'llah have the same
basic principles, but are according to
the stage of the maturity of the world
and the requirements of this illumined
age."
Back of the Mashrak-el-Azkar, whose
walls will so-on begin to rise in Wilmette,
is a great historic world movement. The
day has gone by to regard it or
superficially or superciliously. Great
souls have come to re-assert the construc-
tive teachings of the Christ, in terms ap-
plicable to the complex requirements of
the age.
The world needs them--the teachers
and the teachings. Christians are mur-
dering Christians today. Christians are
guilty today of instituting not universal
peace, but universal war to destroy mil-
lions of other Christians. And We have
before us the appalling spectacle of the
spoliation, the annihilation of unofiend-
ing peoples and nations by followers of
the Christ. And civilization is doomed,
unless we have the re-creative word
spoken that shall penetrate the great
aching heart of the World and lead it
out of immeasurable darkness into the
immeasurable light of a new and glor-
ious day.
Bahais believe that Word has again
been spoken. And Bah-ais believe that
city, in which the first' Mashrak-el-Azkar
of the occident is erected, is a city of
brilliant destiny. They believe that be-
fore it lies a great transcendent future.
They believe that it shall influence civ-
ilization for all time to co-me.
Let' us approach then the Mashrak~el-
Azkar with a spirit of humility, of
prayer and thanksgiving. It was greatly
conceived. Let it be greatly honored.
The Divine Art of Living--Chapter VI
(Continued from page 88)
There are five divisions of the spirit:
First: the vegetable spirit. . . .
After this is the animal spirit. . . .
The human spirit. . . .
The fourth degree of spirit is the
heavenly spirit; it is the spirit of faith
and the bounty of God. It comes from
the breath of the Holy Spirit. . . .
The fifth is the Holy Spirit. This
Holy Spirit is the mediator between God
and his creatures. It is like a mirror
facing the sun. As the pure mirror re-
ceives light from the sun and transmits
this bounty to others, so the Holy Spirit
is the mediator of the Holy Light from
the Sun of Reality, which it gives to the
sanctified realities. It is adorned with
all the divine perfeetions. Every time
it appears the world is renewed, and a
new cycle is founded. The body of the
world of humanity puts on a new gar-
ment. It can be compared to the spring;
whenever it comes, the world passes
from one condition to another. Through
the advent of the season of spring the
black earth and the fields and wilder-
nesses will become verdant and bloom-
ing, and all sorts of flowers and sweet-
scented herbs will grow; the trees will
have new life, and new fruits will ap

