STAR OF THE WEST 21
thing the absence of which may disturb
his comfort."
(Wor-ds of Abdul-Baha, from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, July 17, 1913.)
I cannot understand why people in-
s-ist on the fa.ct that one cannot give up
a thing once he is accustomed to it. One
can do it very easily if he makes up his
mind fully, resolving to quit it forever.
It is all a matter of character and de-
termination.
(Words of Abdul-Baha, from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, August 17,
1914.)
He (Abdul-Baha) eulogized unre-
servedly the untiring activity and zeal
of Esmael Aga (the gardener).
"Devotion to and love for 0ne's vo-
cation accomplishes miracles," he said.
(Words of Abdul-Baha, from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, July 11, 1914.)
Man must be t'ireless in his effort.
Once his effort is dire-ct-ed in the pro-per
channel if he does not succeed today he
will succeed tomorrow. Effort in itself
is one of the noblest traits of human
character. Devotion to one 's calling, ef-
fort in its speedy execution, simplicity
of spirit and steadfastness>> through all
the ups and downs, these are the hall-
marks of success. A person character-
ized With these attributes will gather the
fruits of his labors and will win the
happiness of the kingdom.
(Words 0-f Abdul-Baha, from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, July 8, 1914.)
This morning I (Mirza Sohrab) called
on him (Abdul-Baha) early and he
spoke to me about the concentration of
one 's powers. "Wat'er flowing from one
spring has more force and energy than
if the same water is divided between
eight springs," he said. "Try always
to concentrate your activities into one
channel and let that one be the Cause of
Baha'o'llah. Then you shall see how
the confirmations of God will descend."
(Words of Abdul-Baha, from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, December 13,
1912.)
Praise be to God that you have come
into this desert and exalted the name of
God. The nomads are utterly destitute
of the knowledge of God. They live an
animalistic life and all their thoughts
are centered upon their cows, goats and
crops. When they come together they
speak of nothing else save these things.
They know nothing else. Nominally
they are Moslems, but they are unaware
of the ideals of Mohammed. . . . I
am most pleased with you and am .sat-
isfied with your conduct. I hope that
you may become assisted and confirmed
in the good pleasure of the Lord. . . .
May your spiritual perception become
keener, your attention to God more com-
plete and your spirituality an example
for others. 'When you are plowing the
ground or sowing the seeds. or reaping
the harvest let all your thoughts and
subconscious: thinking be of God. Your
hands a.nd feet will be working but your
heart must be attached to the Almighty.
The body of man is created for this
world but his heart is made for the habi-
tation of the Holy Spirit.
(Wo1*ds of Abdul-Baha, from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, May 17, 1914.)
Cleanliness and sanctity in all con-
ditions are characteristics of pure beings
and necessities of free souls.
The primary perfection consists in
cleanliness and sanctity and in purity
from every defect. Wlien man in all con-
ditions is pure and immaculate he will
become a center for the reflection of the
manifest light. In all man 's actions and
conduct there must first be purity, then
beauty and independence. The channel
must be cleansed before it can be filled
with sweet water. The pure nostrils in-
(Continued on page 23)

