176 STAR OF
I thought a good deal over this mat-
ter, trying to find a solution to this
problem. Finally I decided to send for
the Mofti, who loved Baha'o~'llah and
enjoyed freedom of conversation in his
presence. When he arrived I told him
something had come which none of us
was able to cope with save him. He
asked me what it Was. I said: "We
are all anxious that the Blessed Perfec-
tion should go out of town. I have
begged him twice, the believers have
also entreated, but all have been re-
fused. This is thy work. After sunset
go thou to the house, knock at the door,
and if they ask thee what thou dost
Want, say, have come to meet Baha'-
o'1lah.' Thou must not leave his pres-
ence without his promise to go out."
As soon as he was given permission
to enter the presence he went directly to
him and threw himself at his holy feet,
took hold of his blessed hands, and
bluntly said: "My Lord, Why dost thou
not go out. The country is charming,
the weather is delightful, the pastures
are green, the water is cool and the pal-
ace is made ready." The Blessed Per-
fection said to him: "Mofti! I am a
prisoner!" he said, "You are
not a prisoner. You are free. Every-
thing depends upon your own Will."
Again Baha'o'llah objected, but the
Mofti did not let his hands go and in-
sisted and insisted till the much-expected
promise was given. Coming out of the
house the Mofti came to me and im-
parted to me the glad news. I was over-
joyed, so much so that I kissed his lips
many times, On the next day when I
stood in the presence of the Blessed Per-
fection he smiled and said: "What a
tenacious man you sent to me!" I said:
"Now you have given your promise to
the Mofti that you Will go out, the car-
riage is ready at the door. . . I
rode with him through the streets of
Acca and beyond the gate. Then I
alighted from the carriage and walked
to the palace of Mazreah. The Blessed
Perfection was most pleased with the
place.
THE WEST
It was about the middle of February,
and in that month and in March the
whole country was bedecked With flow-
ers. The plain of Acca was dancing
with joy and the mountain, the valleys
and gardens were intoxicated with the
wine of happiness and were crying out,
rapture! bliss!" Those heavenly
months and years were spent in the
utmost rejoicing until it was found that
the place was too small to accommodate
the growing needs of the holy faniily.
Then there was another palace belong-
ing to Abboud and his family. This
was the palace of Bahjee. Abboud and
his children were sick and went into
town. I wanted to rent this palace from
him; he wished to present it to me and
insisted upon it. Finally I rented
it from him at ?150 a year, and
Baha'o'llah a11d the members of the holy
family moved into it. From that time
on he lived in Bahajee and Acca, alter-
nately, till the day of his departure
dawned upon us and threw us into the
depths of despair and sorrow.
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Sohrab,
March 23, 1914.)

Prof. Edward G. Browne of Cam-
bridge University, England, whose spe-
cialty was Persian Literature and His-
tory, heard of the great spiritual awak-
ening which was sweeping through Per-
sia among a people that as he said
"slumber in a sleep like unto that of
death."
At last he was so much interested that
he obtained a year's leave of absence
and Went to study at first-hand this re-
markable spiritual renaissance. He vis-
ited "the fountain head" of the move-
ment in Acca. He records his impres-
sion of Baha'o'llah as follows:
Of the culminating event of this my
journey some few words at least must
be said. During the morning of the
day after my installation at Bahje one
of Bahafs younger sons entered the
room where I was sitting and beckoned
to me to follow him. I did so, and was

