STAR OF THE WEST 175
For nine consecutive years the Blessed
Perfection did not put his feet outside
the gate of Acca. He was either impris-
oned in the barracks or closely watched
and guarded in the house. The day of
his departure from the town to the plain
of Acca. was considered the most impor-
tant in the Bahai cause. A prisoner he
was, and according to the strict, royal
firman of Abdul Aziz he was to be jailed
in a cell alone, not even one of us was
to be allowed to see or to talk to him,
a11d to leave the town of Acca was a
matter strictly forbidden. In brief, he
was to be a life prisoner, with these
deadly restrictions.
One day, while he was walking in the
house, in the course of his conversation
he said, "It is nine years since my eyes
have beheld one blade of grass." 
loved the green pastures, verdant plains,
blossoming trees and flowering spots; es-
pecially the prairie of Ac-ca which was
wonderfully green and carpeted with
wild flowers during the months of
spring. For this reason he often re-
marked: "The city is the World of
bodies, the country is the world of spir-
its!" Hearing these statements from
the blessed lips of Baha'o'llah one day
I took with me Nouri Bey, Hakki Bey
and Mahmoud Effendi Toupjee-all
three political prisoners and Walked
straight out of the gate into the plain
of Acca. The strange part of this
strange proceeding was that while the
guards were stationed on both sides of
the gate they did not as much as lift
one finger to prevent us from going out,
which was of course the most natural
thing for them to do. On and on we
walked, revelling in our newfound free-
dcm, till We reached the present palace
of Baha.'0'llah (Bahajee). Here they
had just laid out an orchard wherein
they had planted new apricot and peach
trees. The Wind blowing through the
branches stirred our hearts with a quick
and new vibration. It was a most ideal
scene. That day we walked and walked
around the green country and then I
returned to town. Several days passed
after this event, and then I gave a feast
to the officials of the town under the
pines near Bahajee. This broke the
bonds of incarceration, and from that
time I was allowed to go out and Walk
as my inclination led me.
There lived in Acca a man by the
name of Mohammed Pasha Safvat, who
was most inimical to the Cause. He
had built a palace five or six miles
outside the town. Many days I
searched for a suitable house to rent
for the Blessed Perfection, but I could
find nothing else but the palace of this
man. After much delay and postpone-
ment, through the confirmation of God
I succeeded in renting this palace from
him at ?25 a year provided I might
be allowed to repair the mansion with
the rent of the first five years. Having
papered and furnished all the rooms I
ordered the carpenters to make for me
a carriage with a cover which was done
in due time. Having prepared every-
thing and attended to every detail I
Went to the Blessed Perfection and said:
good mansion is made ready for you
outside of Aeca. It is Wonderfully sit-
uated and very charming. From one
side the lovely mountains and undulat-
ing valleys are seen; from another side
there are large orange and mandarine
orchards; the oranges, like unto red lan-
terns, shine and glow through the green
boughs; from another side, verdant gar-
dens and prairies full of narcissis and
tulips are seen; the Mediterranean glis-
tens in the distance; a stream of cool
water flows in the center; in brief, it is
an ideal place. I supplicate you to leave
the town and live there."
The Blessed Perfection answered: 
am a prisoner. The prisoners are not
allowed to go beyond the town of Acca."
I repeated my praises of the place
and begged him to come out. Bu-t to no
avail. Again he refused my request. I
did not Want to go on with this insist-
ence so I chose silence and left the
Blessed Perfection's presence.


