STAR OF THE 83
We ea11 to carry on his Work and show
that our love for this noble language and
its founder is not simply a feeling; that
it is an earnest and abiding purpose.
Religion and Science in the Light of the Bahai Revelation
(Continued from page 75)
With regard to every one of these qual-
ities however the differences among dif-
ferent people are differences of degree,
not of essence. Just as darkness is but
the absence or lesser degree of light, so
evil is but the absence or lesser degree
of good--the undeveloped state. A bad
man is a man with the higher side of his
nature still undeveloped. If We are self-
ish, the evil is not in our" love of 
all love, even self love, is good, is divine.
The evil is that We have such a poor,
inadequate, misguided love of self and
such a lack of love for others and for
God. We look upon ourself as only a.
superior sort of animal and foolishly
pamper our lower nature as we might
pamper a pet dog--With worse results in
our own case than in that of the dog.
We may be brilliantly intellectual with
regard to material things but we are
blind to the things of the spirit and
lacking in the higher and nobler part
of life. Evil is always lack of life. If
the lower side of man's nature is dis-
proportionately developed, the remedy is
not less life for that side, but more life
for the higher side, so that the balance
may be restored. am come," said
Christ, "that ye may have life a11d that
ye may have it more abundantly. That
is what we all need--life, more life, the
life that is life indeed!
THE BAHAI TEACHING OF UNITY
"Ye are all the fruits of one tree, the
leaves of one bra.nch, flowers of one gar-
den, sons and daughters of one Father
Whose name is Love." That is one of
the most characteristic sayings of Baha-
'o'llah, and another is like it: "Glory is
not his who loves his (own) country, but
glory is his who loves his kind." Unity
of mankind, and of all created
beings in God--is the mai11 theme of
his teaching. Men must cast away all
prejudices of race, religion, nation, class
and sect, and realize that they are all
"leaves of one tree." As the leaf can-
not reach its best development unless
the whole tree is healthy, so neither can
we attain the highest life of which We
are capable until the whole of humanity
does so too. One man cannot be truly
rich, so long as his brothers are poor,
nor can he be perfectly healthy so long
as his brothers are sick. Vile are all mem-
bers of one body, and the spirit that ani-
mates that body is God's Spirit.
Each individual life is but a fragment
of the Whole and cannot live apart from
the whole any more than a single muscle-
cell or brain-cell from the human body
could live apart from the rest of the
body. Just as each cell of the body must
live 11ot for itself, but in the service of
the whole man and in obedience to his
Will, so each individual man must live
not for himself, but in the service of
humanity and in obedience to God's will.
Only so can humanity be healthy. Only
so can each man truly prosper. Never
must self-interest, or family interest, or
church interest, or national interest or
any limited interest whatever take prec-
edence of our supreme duties to man-
kind and to God. God first! If our at-
titude to Him be right then we shall
serve aright ourselves, our families, our
church, our nation, our kind. Devotion
to G0-d--severanee from everything that
would interfere with our devotion to
Him--tha-t is the one great secret of
successful living. All the evil and mis-
ery in the world come from one cause--
fors-aking the path of God's will and
saying, "My will not Thine be done."
Baha'o'llah has given us a. new and
Wonderful revelation of God's Will. If
men and nations will but obey His com-
mands, the world will be a paradise in-

