STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post ofiice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, IS7 9.
Editorial Stafl'-- ALBERT BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
A Honorary Member-Mmzn AHMAD SOHRAB
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add sufficient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS coo!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
becorgie the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of. the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of_ the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-w1de--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these_depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! A (Signed) Annut-Buns Arms. 
Vol. Sharaf 1, 73 (December 31, 1917) No.16
"This is what We inform ye in the days of tests"
Through his honor, Dr. Bagdadi, to the friends of God and the maid-servants
of the Merciful, Muskegon, Michigan.--Upon ye be 
HE IS 
ye who are attracted to the Kingdom of Abba!
Verily, I have read your letter, which indicates illumined consciences
and hearts filled with the love of God. Blessed are ye, for ye have attained
to a. Bounty which was the desire of the greatest holy men in past centuries and
which is befitting for those who are like unto ye.
Verily, I ask God to make ye the signs of guidance among mankind and
to bestow upon ye stability and uprightness.
Perhaps papers of doubts will come to ye from souls who have emerged
from the Kingdom of God. Care ye not therein. Arise with a firm foot in the
Covenant, in order that the people of hypocracy becomes hopeless, even if they
should come with the greatest intrigues, evil suggestions and discords.
This is What We inform ye in the days of tests. . . . . .
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi, Chicago, November 19, 1914.)
"If the World should combine to overthrow the
Covenant, it could not succeed"
(Continued from page 215)
who violates the Covenant and Testa-- and make the souls firm and steadfast.
ment in the least degree, immediately he (Words of Abdu1_Baha: Extract from
is cut ofi even in this material world
he will become afflicted with remorse and Tablet 1913')
regret. Consequently, as much as you If the world should combine to
are able, call the people to the Covenant overthrow the Covenant, it could not suc-

