14 STAR OF THE WEST
the income tax is unique, as has been
said, and unlike any other that has been
thought of. Most conservative people
object to an income>> tax, and the most
progressive yet attempted is to make the
tax an increasing one, in proportion to
the income taxed. Abdul-Baha says the
tax must be levied in proportion to the
excess of the income over the needs of
the person taxed. If a man has an in-
come of two- thousand dollars, and ex-
penses of two thousand dollars, he shall
not be taxed at all, but if he has an in-
come of ten thousand dollars, and ex-
penses of two thousand or five thousand,
he shall be taxed on the amount left over
from his expenses. Thus if a man has
an income of twenty thousand dollars,
and expenses of only five, he could pay
a large tax; if an income of fifty thou-
sand dollars, and expenses of ten a still
larger one.
This suggestion of taxation seems to
imply a growing simplicity o-f life, and
sincerity of heart, which do not exist
today, because many a man would in-
crease his expenses to decrease his tax,
from the point of view of our time, and
indulgence is so intensified by oppor-
tunity, that e-xpens-es often keep pace
fully with increased inco-n1e. In his illus-
tration, however, Abdul-Baha is placing
before us a condition in which communal
equality and communal fair dealing have
already been established, and the most
surprising feature of his income tax is
yet to come.
In ordinary economic planning the in-
creased income tax is simply intended to
enrich the community, and reduce ex-
cessive wealth, but in Abdul-Baha's
scheme it is an elastic measure, benefiting
rich and poor alike, because it takes from
the citizen possessed of a surplus, to re-
lieve the one suffering from a deficiency.
Thus while the man with a. -surplus pays
a large percentage into- the treasury, the
man whose expenses are greater than his
income can draw from the common fund
the sum lacking for the comfort or edu-
cation of his family. If a man has ex-
penses of two thousand a year, and his
income has been cut down to one, he
draws the necessary surplus from the
common fund, until his affairs are ad-
justed, and he in his turn has a surplus.
The conservative will immediately cry
out against such a. measure, as one en-
couraging mendicancy, but we must re-
member that this adjustment only ap-
plies to the ideal c-ommunity of the fu-
ture, from which both suspicion land
mendicancy have been banished. The
steps toward the establishment of such
a commonwealth have already been
taken, and may b-e completed in a sur-
prisingly short time. Abdul-Baha says
that in future the accumulation of im-
mense private fortunes will cease, be-
cause ma.n's power of spiritual vision
will increase so noticeably that he will be
conscious of existence after death. He
will realize that the present life opens
the door to the coming one, and he will
not be willing to expend all his energy in
the attainment of Wealth or fame, which
have nothing to do with eternity, which
on the contrary would act as a hindrance
to the advancement of the soul in its
onward career. He will prefer to use
his energies for the benefit of society
of which he is a. member, after he has
provided for" his own needs, and he
will lose the desire to centralize splen-
did power in himself. He will prefer
to establish qualities which will remain
his in the other life, rather than accumu-
late merely material advantages which
he must leave behind him when he goes
yonder. A great pugilist, or a success-
ful financier may be enormously hon-
ored by his contemporaries, but he may
not find himself too well supplied with
capital in the other realm when he
reaches it.
VVlhen man realizes that the continua-
tion of life means the endless develop-
ment of talent and opportunity, he will
know that what he begins here, he Will
have the certainty of completing farther
along in his career, and he will therefore
look at existence from a vastly different
point of view.
Abdul-Baha says the trouble with our

