STAR OF THE WEST 111
also the condition of the teachers as they
go forward. They must be severed from
everything but God a.nd be willing to
do the will of God wherever that lea.ds.
And he declares that if the teachers go
forth with these qualifications that all
opposition shall be swept away. He says
something like this': The- ephemera-1
moth shall become the soaring falcon,
and the butterfly shall become the eagle
of the Testament, that everything in the
way of opposition shall be swept away
by this resistless fire of the love- of God,
if the teachers only go forth equipped
with the word of God to do this wonder-
ful work.' 
Mr. T'ait told of visits to scores of
southern cities and he said: "At all of
these places I found a wonderful awak-
ening. Slome of the things that im-
pressed me after my return from the
field were the demonstrations of the
power of the Branch?-E I never realized
the power of the Branch until I re-
turned. I have been just saturated and
impregnated by the power of the Branch,
the greatest Covenant! And the thought
that impressed me was that in this uni-
versal movement if we only had the
effulgenoe of this divine glory that is
permeating the world and the very atoms
of the universe, we could capture the
world!"
Mrs. Mabel Geary Speaking for the
northwest announced that Seattle has
recently built a hall of its own. It has
also formed a little public service bu-
reau, the only one in Seattle. Vilhen Mr.
and Mrs. Gillen's daughter was married
in Seattle, the Bahai service was used
and the bride and bridegroom gave the
nineteen-day feast in their new home
that same evening. Seattle, too, has the
distinction of teaching the Bahai Cause
to a Japanese. Abdul-Baha. sent him a
tablet urging him to illumine his own
la.nd, and the young man went b-ack to
his country, spoke in eight schools, pub-

*Refers to Abdul-Baha, the "Greatest
Branch."
lished in Japanese a booklet about the
Cause, and designed a card "Bahai, the
New Revelation," which he spread over
the country.
Mrs. Oarre of Newark, N. J., described
the Bahai burial service which was used
at her daughters funeral. Many friends
of the beautiful girl accepted the Bahai
teaching because she had lived it so
radiantly. One man who had only known
the girl by sight came to hear what re-
ligion had so illumined he'r face. I/Vhen
he heard the Message he said: "Why,
from the time I was a little boy, I have
wanted this Revelation, and when my
mother would call me in for anything
I would think, 'Ohl now she is going to
tell me that wonderful thing I wanted
to know.' And I have grow11 up and
never heard of it until now." He died
three weeks later, a glorious Bahai.
Here is a line from Dr. F. 
elyn's talk. He said (quoting Abdul-
Baha): 'The banner of Baha'o'llah
will be upraised, and all the people of
America will hear the call of God.' As
Abdul-Baha said to us in San Francisco,
'If all the forces of the world rise
against you, they will not prevail, for
they are retrogressing, but you are pro-
gressing.'
"On our last meeting night before I
left, the friends were gathered together
to- give me a message, and to have a
vibrant keynote between myself and my
colleague and those at home, and they
selected that passage on page 155 of the
Paris Talks, 'Cease the contemplation
of your own finite selves, and fix your
eyes upon regnant reality. Then will
the soul come into the full nature of the
divine power of the spirit and receive
the blessing of infinite bounty'."
He continued: "May this convention
be a great. creative center from which
will emanate a power which shall go for-
ward, breaking down and overcoming
every barrier until there be fulfilled the
promises of Baha'o'llah and Abdul-
Baha, that this flag will float above every
(Continued on page 115)

