STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened:
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strites.
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Jamal 1, 73 (April 28, 1917) No.3
The Distinctive Characteristics of the
Teachings of Baha'o'llah
Address by Abdul--Baha, November 15, 1912, at the home of
i Miss Juliet Thompson, New York City
HAVE spoken in the various Chris-
I tian churclies and in the synagogues,
and in no assemblage has there been
a dissenting voice. All have listened and
all have conceded that the teachings of
Baha'o'llah are superlative in chara.cter;
have acknowledged the fact that they
constitute the very essence or spirit of
this new age and that there is no better
path-way to the attainment of its ideals.
Not a single voice ha.s been raised in ob-
jection. At most there have been those
who have refused to acknowledge the
mission of Bah-a'o'llah though they
have universally admitted that he was
a great teacher, a most powerful soul, a
very gr'eat man.
Some of them, however, who could find
no other pretext whatsoever, have said,
"these tea.chings are not new; they are
old; we have heard them before."
Therefore I wish to speak to you this
evening on the distinctive characteristics
of the manifestation of Baha.'o'llah, and
to prove that from every standpoint his
Cause is distinguished fro-m all others.
From the standpoint of its didactic
character, o-r its method of teaching it is
distinguished.
From the standpoint of its practical
effects, it is distinguished.
From the standpoint of its spread and
progress, it is quite distinguished. . . . .
The story of . . . . of Baha'o '1lah
is as follows:
\Vhen he a.ppeared in Persia all of the
contemporaneous sects and religions rose
against him. His enemies were kings.
While the enemies of his holiness Christ
were the Jews, the Pharisees; the enemies
of Baha'o'llah were rulers who could
command armies and bring into the
arena of operation hundreds of thou-
sands of soldiers. These kings were the
representatives of some fifty millions of
people all of whom under their influence
and domination were opposed to Baha'o 
llah. Therefore, in effect, B-al1a'o'llah,
singly and alone virtually withstood
fifty millions of enemies. Yet these fifty
millions so far from being able to domi-
nate the situation were unable to with-
stand his wonderful personality and the
power and influence of his wonderful
Cause. Though they were be-nt upon ex-
tinguishing the light in that most bril-
liant lantern they were ultimately de-
feated and day unto day his light became
more radiant. These fifty millions of
souls tried to lessen his greatness but
day unto day his greatness grew in pro-
portion to their increased efforts to
diminish it.
Surrounded by enemies who were seek-
ing his life he made no effort whatever
to conceal himself; he did nothing to

