178 STAR OF
sense of smell was very keen indeed, and
also his eyesighthis life he read the finest type without
the aid of glasses.
The holy divine Manifestations are
even superior and distinguished in their
physical powers from the rest of man-
kind! For example, even when the
Blessed Perfection was not feeling well,
his pulse would beat regularly like the
pulse of a young man twenty years old.
For the last three years of his life he
hardly ate anything. The servants
brought the tray before him; he would
look at the various dishes, eat a few
mouthfuls, and then it was immediately
removed; yet the pulse was normal. At
that time there Was a Greek doctor who
regularly -called on the family whenever
any of us was not feeling well. One
day he was allowed to stand in the pres-
ence of Baha'o'llah. He looked into his
face and his eyes, and asked permission
to feel his pulse. After due examina-
tion, the doctor expresed his astonish-
ment, and said that he had never seen a
constitution so highly sensitive as that
of Baha'o'llah.
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Sohrab,
March 5, 1914.)

The greatest proof of the Blessed Per-
fection--may my life be a ransom to
him !--consists in the fact that he was
always manifest and evident under all
conditions and circumstances. He was
never concealed nor was he disguised for
one day. In Persia, in Baghdad, in
Constantinople, in Adrianople, and in
the most great prison (Acca), Baha'o'-
llah ever withstood the persecutions of
the enemies and kept his own ground in
the face of all the World. He never at-
tempted to protect or shield himself for
one second. Before all nations and all
religions he proclaimed his Cause and
declared his teachings. The foes were
resisting the spread of the Cause with
the greatest hostility and his blessed
breast was the target for an hundred
thousand arrows.
THE WEST
Continually he was threatened with
the darts and javelins of the adversaries.
He cried out, "We have burned away
the veil and the shroud and are en-
kindled with the fire of love. Like unto
the candle we are set aglow and like
unto the Beloved we are ever present in
the gatherings of the 1overs." It is
well-nigh beyond belief that notwith-
standing all these dangers the Blessed
Perfection was protected. The condi-
tion was like that of a deer,' although
surrounded by a hundred thousand
hounds attacking it from every side yet
it is protected by an invisible power.
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Sohrab,
March 7, 1914.)

ln an Arabic poem, the Blessed Per-
fection said about the calamities and
allegations heaped upon him: "In
every moment they inflict upon me the
wound of polytheism and at every sec-
ond they aim at me the dart of infidelity.
Thou Divine Spirit! Descend and
behold how my humiliation is greater
than Thy glory."
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Sohrab,
June 21, 1914.)
ii,
All this diffusion of the fragrances of
the Cause of God, throughout the Orient
and the Occident, is mainly due to the
successive exiles and imprisonments of
the Blessed Perfection. If these events
had not transpired the holy Cause would
not have left the frontier of Persia, the
prophecies of the prophets concerning
the raising of the voice of the Lord of
Hosts from the mountains and hills of
the Holy Land would not have been ful-
filled and the tent of the Lord of Lords
would not have been pitched on its
plains and meadows!
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Sohrab,
May 25, 1914.)
 
Indeed God's ways are most mysteri-
ous and unsearchable. What outward

