STAR OF THE VVEST 25
around that center. From his Words
you can understand in What World he
is traveling, whether he is looking up-
ward toward the realm of light or down-
ward to the nether World, whether he is
mindful or unaware, Whether he is
awake or asleep, Whether he is alive or
dead. For this reason his holiness Ali
says: "Man is hidden behind his
tongue. Out of the abundance of his
heart does man speak."
There are persons With Whom you as-
sociate and converse Whose utterances
are life-imparting, joy-giving. The
withered and faded are refreshed, the
jo-yless become happy, the extinct be-
come enhindled and the lifeless are
quickened with the breaths of the Holy
Spirit. The one drowned in the sea of
hesitation and doubt is saved by the
life-boat of certainty and assurance; the
one attached to this material World be-
comes severed and the one steeped in
hlameworthy deeds is adorned with
praiseworthy attributes. On the other
hand there are some persons Whose very
respiration extinguish-es the light of
faith; Whose conversation weakens firm-
ness and steadfastness in the Cause of
God; Whose company diverts one's at-
tention from the kingdom of Abha.
The souls who are rejoiced with the
glad tidings of God, attracted to the
fragrances of holiness, severed from
aught else save God, who are commem-
orating the name of God are withdrawn
from the World of darkness their thought
permeated through and through with
spiritual vibrations and their messages
consisting of divine advices and exhor-
ta-tions; such souls are the manifestors
of God's mercy, the educators of nations
and the vivifiers of the World of human-
ity. They are guardian angels, the cause
of human progress and the spiritual
guides of the Wandering children of men.
Glory be unto them!
(Yilords of Abdul-Baha, from the Diary
of l\'Iirza. Ahmad Sohrab, July 25, 1914.)
If a person reads the Hiilclen Wrords,
The Ishmka-t, Tcjallcya-6, The Glad 
ifl-g-9, The l/Verde of l/Visdomr and The
Tarceat and lives in accord with one of
these divine advices he shall reach to the
station of perfection, he will become the
center of merciful susceptibilties, the
dawning-place of human virtues and the
rays of the kingdom will become mani-
fest from his face and character.
ye friends of God! These advices
and exhortations of the Blessed Perfec-
tion are revealed fro-n1 the Supreme Pen
in order to be considered as guides for
ozcticms a.nd not to be  only. There
are many people Who read these tablets,
praise their content-s--but they do not
live according to one of these words.
("Fords of Abdul-Baha, from tablet to
the Boston Assembly of Bahais; trans-
lated by I\'Iirza. Ahmad Sohrab, July 13,
1914.)
Trustworthiness is the most brilliant
jewel in the diadem which crowns man 's
heavenly attributes.
('Words of Abdul-Baha, from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, December 9,
1912.)
The best capital and the most profit-
able business is honesty in all things.
Do thou continue to be honest in thy
dealings for one month. Thou Wilt see
in the end that thou art honored and
respected by all thy customers, and not
considering thy spiritual welfare, thy
material prosperity will be secured.
('Words of Abdul-Baha, from the Diary
of Mirza Ahinad Sc-hrab, October 17,
1914.)
Question: "Does the Bahai prohi-
bition of gambling and lotteries forbid
games 0-f every description?"
Abdul-Baha answered: "No, some
games are innocent, and if pursued for
pastime there is no harm. But there is
danger that pastime may degenerate into
Waste of time. Vilaste of time is not ac-

