158 STAR OF
Holy Books of every tongue have been
or are being fulfilled. This is the cycle
of Baha'o'1lah.
We announce to you Baha'o'llah, "He
whom God shall manifest," the one who
has broken the seals of both the cre-
ational and collective books.
(Words of the 'editor of a Minneapolis
newspaper, as corrected by Abdul-
Baha. Diary Letter of Mirza Sohrab,
July 29, 1913.)
 --
Baha'o'llah (whose given name was
Hussein Ali), was the son of Mirza Ab-
bas, renowned as Mirza-Bozork of Noor.
The Nooris are one of the well-known
families of Mazanderan. During the
reigns of Kadjar, the present Persian
dynasty, the members of this family
have usually occupied the highest posi-
tions in the state, such as Prime Minis-
ter, Minister, Secretary and other civil
and military dignitiesl Even at the
present day most of them are in the
Government.
(Abul Fazl: The Bahwi Proofs, p. 51.)
Baha'0'llah, when he was six years
old, had a dream in which he saw him-
self swimming in a mighty ocean which
was so great that he marveled. His hair,
which was long, was floating out on the
Waves and soon he discovered that to
each separate hair a fish was attached by
its mouth, that is, the fish was holding
the hair in its mouth. There were large
fish, small fish, white fish, black fish, in
fact all kinds of fishes.
The impression he received was so
vivid that he was awakened. When he
told his father in the morning the father
decided to have the meaning if possible.
Being, as you know, a Grand Vizier, he
applied to the Shah, asking permission
to have the dream interpreted by the
court interpreter of dreams. This was
granted him. When the interpreter had
heard the dream he stood amazed. He
said, "This is a most wonderful dreamcan come true.
THE WEST
The ocean symbolizes the world the fish
are the people of the world who are to
gain knowledge from this boy--knowl-
edge of God. You must protect and
keep him, for he will be very great, but
it is not possible that he can fulfill en-
tirely such a wonderful dream. How
can the entire world receive knowledge
of God from this boy? However, this
is what I see in this dream. I Protect
him. Keep and guard him. He will be
very great and will teach great and
learned people as well as others."
(\Vor_ds of Abdul-Baha's wife given by
Mrs. H. E. Hoagg in a letter from
Haifa, Syria, 1914.)

\/Vhen I was a child and had not yet
reached the age of maturity one of my
brothers intended to marry in Teheran
and according to the custom of that
country for seven days and 'nights they
were engaged in feasting and banquet-
ing. The program for the last day of
the entertainment for the guests was the
play of Sultan Salim. The ministers,
the grandees and officials of the city
were there in a great throng, and I Was
sitting in one of the galleries of the
building, observing the scenes. They
raised a great tent in the middle of
the court. Representations of human
forms only a few inches in height would
come out of the tent and cry: "The
king is coming, arrange the seats in
order." Then other figures came out,
sweeping the ground while a number
were sprinkling the streets with water.
Then another figure Was presented who
was supposed to be the herald bidding
the people be ready for review before
His Majesty, the Slultan.
Then the ministers came, with hat and
shawl, according to the Persian custom.
Others were present with clubs while a
number of others were garbed as cham-
berlains, aidles-de-camp, ferrashes and
executioners with instruments of punish-
ment. All these lined up according to
their station and class. At last the king
appeared with sovereign power and

