160 STAR OF
er astonishment from the fact that he
did not seek position or prominence. In
commenting on this they remarked that
all his wealth and afiluence would one
day be given away for his expenses were
unlimited and his income was becoming
limited. As it was his principle that
was being spent all were amazed at his
conduct and were greatly astonished at
his doings. Some remarked: "This
person is connected with some other
world, he has something subliine within
him. It is not evident now, but a day
will come when it will be manifest."
In short the Blessed Perfection was
a refuge for every weak one, a shelter
for every fearful one, kind to every in-
digent one, and most lenient to all the
creatures. He became well known with
regard to these qualities.
When His Holiness the Bab appeared
Baha'o'llah declared that the Bab was
true, and Baha'o'llah promulgated the
Bab's cause. The Bab said and main-
tained that the greater manifestation
would come after him and he called that
appearance "Him whom God would
manifest," stating that after the ninth
year the reality of his mission would
become apparent.
The Bab stated in his writings, "In
the ninth year, you will meet the Prom-
ised One, you will attain to the meeting
of that Promised One. In the ninth
year you will attain to all good. In the
ninth year you will attain to all glory.
In the ninth year you will rapidly ad-
Vance."
Between Baha'o'llah and the Bab
there was communication privately and
the Bab wrote a letter to Baha'o'1lah in
which the name "Baha" was incorporat-
ed three hundred and sixty times. Then
the Bab was martyred, and in the ninth
year, in the city of Baghdad, Baha'o'llah
appeared and made known to a few that
he was the one the Bab had foretold.
(Abdul-Baha from address in New York,
April 18, 1912.)
The Bab had proclaimed the dawn of
THE WEST 
the great light and the new cycle of
reality on May 23, 1844. That same
night Abbas Efiendi (Abdul-Baha) was
born. Baha'o'llah for eight years sum-
moned the people of Persia to the new
movement. He traveled to and fro. "He
arose with mighty resolution, and en-
gaged with the utmost constancy in
systematizing the principles and con-
solidating the ethical canons" of the
new spiritual society. "He displayed in
assemblies, meetings, conferences, inns,
mosques and colleges a mighty power of
utterance and exposition. Whoever be-
held his open brow or heard his vivid
addresses perceived him with the of
actual vision to be a patent demonstra-
tion of the new life and a pervading
influence."
A great number both of rich and Poor
and many prominent doctors of theology
were "filled with amazement and aston-
ishment at the seething an-d waving of
the ocean of his utterance" and were
so attracted by the Holy Spirit shining
through his spiritual persuasions that
"they washed their hands of heart and
life" and when the persecutions came
"laid down their lives under the sword
dancing (with joy)."
(Notes by compiler; quotations from A
TmveZler's arratwe, translated by
Prof. E. G. Browne, Cambridge,
England.)
i
"The ulama (or_ priests) of the state
religion had constrained the Persian
government to oppose and resist (the
Bab) and had further issued decrees or-
dering the massacre, pillage, persecution
and expulsion of his followers. In all
the provinces they began to kill, to burn,
to pillage the converts and even assault
the women and children. Regardless of
this, Baha'o'llah arose to proclaim the
word of the Bab with the greatest firm-
ness and energy. Not for one moment
was he in concealment; he mixed openly
with his enemies. . . . In many
changes he endured the greatest mis-
fortunes. 

