STAR OF THE WEST 61
powers of nature will undergo dissolu-
tion which will result in great weakness
whereby one is made incapable of doing
anything. He will not show any temper.
will not do any evil. He will not
cause a riot; he is quiet. He is wronged;
he is like a lamb-. But this is due to
weakness. But he who has attained spir-
itual asceticism acquires these attributes
by strength of character. "Then a man
by nature, that is to say, by some im-
perfection of nature, is incapable of com-
mitting uncommendable acts, that is
nothing in his favor. But if he by sheer
force of will and spiritual training at-
tains to a state of character which pre-
vents him from doing such things, this
is a great credit to him. The insane man
is entirely detached from all bonds and
ties; he is absolutely free from all at-
tachments. But this is not a commenda-
tion to him. But when the disciples of
Christ, who were in a normal state of
mind and body let go of everything in
life, that is indeed commendable. Phys-
ical asceticism will in the course of time
cause absolute atrophy of the parts, re-
sulting in the greatest weakness. There
will be no love of transgression, no at-
tachment to this life, no covetousness, no
aggressiveness, but all this is due to
great weakness of powers-. But spiritual
asceticism will help one to attain to such
blossoming of powers as will enable him
to make up his mind against the things
that are not to be and will encourage
him in t'he things to be. In this dis-
pensatio-n there is no physical or mate-
rial asce-ticism. The spiritual are asce-
tics, and this asceticism is expressed by
training souls and educating humanity
in morals and in the acquisition of the
qualities of the Kingdom.
("lords of Abdul-Baha: From Aisha
Lz'-ghts; Notes of Mr. a.nd Mrs. Joseph
H. Hannen, February, 1909.)
"Fasting is a symbol. Fasting signi-
fies ab-stinence from lust. Physical fast-
ing is a symbol of that abstinence, and
is a reminder; that is, just as a person
abstains from physical appetites, he is to
abstain from self-appetites. and self-de-
sires. But mere abstention from food
has no effect on the spirit. It is a mere
symbol, a reminder. Otherwise, it is of
no importance. Fasting for this purpose
does "not mean entire abstinence from
food. The golden rule as to food is, do
not take too much or too little. Modera-
tion is necessary. There is a sect in
India Who practice extreme abstinence,
and gradually reduce their food until
they exist on almost nothing. But their
intelligence suffersservice for God in brains or body if
he is weakened by lack of food. He can-
not see clearly."
When told of American experiments
whereby the mind was supposed to ben-
efit personally by abstinence, Abdul-Baha
replied: "It is imagination. . . To
sum up, God knows better than all. He
has given us an appetite; therefo-re we
should eat. If the body be deprived of
that which is necessary for it the mind
suffers. God asks of us according to our
capacity. If a man who has only suffi-
cient strength to carry fifty kilos be
burdened with a hundred kilos he will
fall. Moderation and common sense must
be used. 
(Words. of Abdul-Baha: From an
article by Miss E. S. Stevens in the Fort-
Rcviczu, June, 1911.)
Well. done! "Tell done! Thou hast
desired the evanescence of thy will in
the will of God. . . . 267.)
The reality of man is like unto a sea,
and the Holy Power is like unto brilliant
pearls. Not until the sea moveth in
waves doth it throw a shell of pearls
upon the shore. Therefore if thou wish-
est to become heavenly cut thy attention
from the earth, that is, cease to attach
thy heart unto this wo-rld and seek at-
tachment to the Kingdom and turn unto
God. And when thou doest this thou
wilt become the mercy of God and a gift
of the Almighty. 326.)
Man must become evanescent in God,
(Continued on page 63)

