STAR OF THE WEST 95
"Be thou-trustworthy, when thou art
entrusted. Face the comers with a wel-
come smile.
"Be thou a treasure to the poor, an
adviser to the rich.
"Be an answerer to the seeher, a ful-
filler of promise and faithful in all
things.
"Be thou silent when amid the
crowds, a-nd let thy judgment be just.
"Be submissive to thy fellowman.
"Be a light in darkness.
"Be tho-u a comfort to the sorrowful,
and a sea to the thirsty.
"Be thou a shelter to the distressed,
and a help-, an assistant and a support to
the oppressed.
"Be pious in all thy actions.
"Be a home to the stranger, a healer
to the sieh, a stronghold to him who
calls for aid, a sight to the blind, and
a path to- him who is led astray.
"Be thou the beauty of the face of
truth, an ornament to the temple of
faithfulness, a throne to the house of
character, a spirit to the body of the
world, a banner to the hosts of justice,
and a lamp to the horizon of goodness.
"Be thou -a shadow to the fertile soil,
a life-boat to the sea of hnowledge, a
star in the heaven of generosity, a crown
to the' head of wisdom, a brilliancy to
the forehead of the world, and a fruit
to the tree of obedience.
ash God to protect thee from the
fire of hatred and the chill of enmity,
for He is the near, the Answerer."
This is the service enjoined upon ev-
ery Bahai to render to the World. It
is Christian seryice in its essence, in its
purity, in its sublimity.
Abdul-Baha has been asked innumer-
able questions concerning the problems
confronting humanity today. A few of
his answers are here reproduced.
As to the Bahai Movement~
"The Bahai Movement is not an or-
ganization. You can never organize the
Bahai Cause. The Bahai Movement is
the spirit of this age. It is the essence
of all the highest ideals of this century.
The Bahai Cause is an inclusive move-
ment; the teachings of all the religions
and societies are found here; the Chris-
tians, Jews, Buddhists, Mohammedans,
Zoroastrians, Theosophists, Freemasons,
Spiritualists, etc., find their high est aims
in this Cause--the: Socialists and philos-
ophers find their theories fully devel-'
oped in this Movement."
"The objective aims of this Cause are
the oneness of the world of humanity;
universal peace; universal love; inter-
national co-operation, reciprocity; the
promotion of the principle of human
consanguinity and solidarity, and the
establishment of the Kingdom of God,
first in the hearts of men and then upon
earth."
"Today, in the world of humanity,"
the most important matter is the ques-
tion of universal peace. The realization
of this principle is the crying need of
the time."
"By a general agreement all the gov-
ernments of the world must disarm si-
multaneously. It will not do if one
lays down its arms and the other refuses
to do so; The nations of the world must
concur with one another concerning this
supremely important subject, thus they
may abandon together the deadly wea-
pons of human slaughter."
"The call to arbitration, to peace, to
love and to loyalty is the call of Baha-
"o'llah. i His standardhas floated for
fifty years, summoning all of whatever
race and creed."
"Where Love dwells, the-re is light!
Where animosity dwells, there is dark-
ness!"
"Let your e/fort be to find harmony.
Let brotherhood be felt among you, and
carry ye its quicken-ing power through-
out the world."
Questions that have been asked with
greater concern, perhaps, of Bahais,
than any other questions, are--
"What relation does the Bahai Move-
ment bear to Christianity?"
"What place does Christ hold in the
Bahai 
These questions are best answered in
the Words of Abdul-Baha--

