STAR OF THE WEST 203
purpose of the Bahai movement is to
restore the foundation of human soli-
darity. The Masliralz-el-Azkar is the out-
ward sign of the inward spiritual Reality
which brings to pass this glorious Work.
Those who join with sincerity in the
building of this unique and Wonderful
edifice share the bounty of God and are
under His protection. 
The following was reported as the
state of the bllilding fund to date:
Certificate of deposit and
cash in ha11d . . . . . . . . . .
.. $88,282.i2
Cash, reported in Boston. .. 5,000.00
Pledges . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
.. 40,000.00
ii
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. $133,282.42
Madame Josephine Cowles De Lagnel
of "Tashington, D. C., made a donation
of an heirloom to the 
a Watch of great value because of its
unique design and It was
given in memory of her husband, Colonel
Julius De Lagnel, in whose family it had
been for over one hundred years. An
interpretation of its syinbolism Was given
by Mrs. Annie L. Parmerton.
Miss Alpha Bratton, vocal soloist, ae-
com-panied by Mr. Taylor, pianist, Mr.
Samuel M. Dolnick, violinist, and Mr.
Albert R. VVindust, tenor, contributed
to the happiness of the friends. The
meetings ended in the singing of the
Benediction.
The banquet. room Where the meetings
were held were profusely decorated with
variegated flowers. The Greatest Name,
in Persian letters,
adorned the Walls. Numerous beautiful
drawings, suggestions of the 
Azkar, met the eyes. The efforts of the
House of Spirituality and the Chicago
Assembly to arrange for the comfort and
happiness of all, the love of those present
for each other, the mingling of the vari-
ous elements of humanity, the eloquent
addresses and spiritual songs, were all
signs of the confirmations which descend
from the Throne of Majesty to those who
are firm in the Covenant. The eifeot
of such gatherings is far-reaching, as the
hearts are attracted by the fire of divine
love. This Festival of 
was an occasion of historic value in the
growth of the divine Cause. The friends
left for their homes with longing and
grateful hearts.
Louis G. Gregory.
The Center of the Covenant, The Greatest Branch:
Abdul-Baha Abbas
(Continued from page 189)
"And there was seen in his temple the
ark of His Testament." That is to say,
the Book of His Testament will appear
in His Jerusalem, the Epistle of the
Covenant will be established, and the
meaning of the Testament and of the
Covenant will become evident. The re-
nown of God will overspread the East
and liVest, a.nd the proclamation of the
cause of God will fill the world. . . .
"And there were lightnings and
voices, and thunderings, and an earth-
quake and great hail," means that after
the appearance of the Book of the Tes-
tament there Will be a great storm, and
the lightnings of the anger and the Wrath
of God will fiash, the noise of the thun-
der of the violation of the Covenant will
resound, the earthquake of doubts will
take place, the hail of torments will beat
upon the violators of the Covenant, and
even those who profess belief will fall
into trials and temptations.
lNords of Abdul-Baha: Some Answered
Questions, pp. 70, 71.)
Raconns or ABDUL-BAHA may be obtained from Mrs. Howard MacNutt, 935 Eastern Parkway, Brook-
lyn, N. Y., at 85 cents each, including packing and shipment via parcel post. These are disc records and can be
used on various makes of pho-nographs.

