STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengtliened,
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall b6; these fruitless strifes;
these ruinousiwars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. v111 Eizzat 1, 73 (September 8, 1917) No. 10
The Divine Art of Living
A COMPILATION BY MRS. MARY M. RABB
(Chapter I appeared in issue No. 16, Vol. Chapter II appeared in issue No. 18, Vol. Chapter
appeared in issue No. 2, Vol. Chapter IV appeared in issue No. 4, Vol. ChapterV
appeared in issue No. 6, Vol. Chapter VI appeared in issue N0. 8, Vol. 
CHAPTER VII
Love
UNITY is love. It cannot be estab-
lished without love. Therefore try,
as far as possible, to be filled with love.
Love is perpetual life, the most perfect
vitality. Consider how love has gathered
us together from the East and the West!
If there were no love between us our
friendship Would have been concluded
with sa.luta.tions1, such as "Good morn-
ing" and "Good evening." Love draws
us in friendship to the people of every
race and religion. He is a Bahai, of the
people of Baha, from Whom we
breathe the fragrance of this love again.
. . . . The highest love is independent
of any personal advantages which we
may draw from the love of the friend.
If you love truly, your love for your
friend will continue, even if he treats
you ill. A man who really loves God,
will love Him whether he be ill, or sad,
or unfortunate. He does not love God
because He has created him--his life may
be full of disassociations and miseries.
He does not love God because He has
given him health or wealth, because these
may disappear at any moment. He does
not love Him because He has given him
the strength of youth, because old age
will surely come upon him. The reason
for his love is not because he is grateful
for certain mercies and benefits. 
The lover of God desires and adores
Him because He is perfection and be-
cause of His perfections. Love should
be the very essence of love, and not de-
pendent on outward manifestations.
A moth loves the light, though his
wings are burnt. Though his Wings are
singed, he throws himself against the
flame. He does not love the light be-
cause it has conferred some benefit upon
him. Therefore>> he hovers round the
light, though he sacrifices: his wings.
This is the highest: degree of love.
WVithout this ab-andonment, this ecstacy,
love is imperfect.
The lover of God loves Him for Him-
self, not for hisown sake.
(Abdul-Baha: Quoted from Forzfnightl/J
Review; June, 1911.)
When the fire of love is become ablaze,
the harvest of reason will be wholly c0-n-
sumed.
(Baha'0'llah: Seven Valleys, p. 11.)
All the divine messengers have come
to this earth as specialists of the law of
love. They came to teach a divine love
to the children of men; they came to
minister a divine healing between the

