Joshua the Bab, Baha'0 'llah and Abdul-
Baha are the trinity of today, though
the station of Abdul-Baha is more nearly
allied to that of the center than in any
previous case. He is called the Center
of the Covenant renewed today between
God and man, as it was renewed in the
days of Christ and his predecessors.
Abdul-Baha's title means the Servant of
God, and naturally he can have no suc-
cessor in the movement.
The intensely humanitarian feeling of
Abdul-Baha is amply shown in his life,
and his economic teaching manifests a
singularly accurate acquaintance with
the sociological conditions of the western
world. He is well aware of the fact that
measures of charitable relief are only
palliations rendered necessary by exist-
ing misfortune and by no means to be
considered more than methods of tem-
porary relief. Nevertheless the charity,
and the spirit of instant service in the
life of Abdul-Baha are most inspiring.
His childhood and his youth were
passed in moving from one oriental
prison to another, until at last' he lived
in Acca, the prison town of the Sultan,
as a prisoner on parole, controlling his
own household, under the surveillance
of the Turkish police. In this way he
became familiar with all aspects of orien-
tal poverty, and permitted himself the
privilege of relieving it. In Acca as a
prisoner he could do nothing against ex-
isting abuses except palliate their results,
but this he did constantly.
Every Friday morning the poor' of
Acca gathered in the courtyard of Abdul-
Baha's ho-use, and he Went among them
personally. He know them all by name,
he knew just which one needed a coat
or a warm shawl, he sent a physician or
healed those who were ill. Those whom
he succored were never among his own
followers, for the believer in the revela-
tion of Baha'o'llah does not beg. They
were Mohammedans, sectaries of the
creed which had persecuted him, de-
prived his father of property, liberty
and station, and martyred the Bab, but
they loved Abdul-Baha as their bene-
4 STAR OF THE VVEST
factor, and did not bother their heads
about his religion.
Abdul-Baha had a donkey upon which
he was accustomed to ride about the
town daily upon his philanthropic mis-
sions. An American woman who was
his guest at one time was terribly a.11-
noyed at the br-aying of this crea-
ture, which she declared prevented her
from sleeping, but when she dis-covered
that it was the donkey upon which
Abdul-Baha visited the sick, its braying
suddenly assumed a musical character.
and no longer disturbed her. Often
when the family of Abdul-Baha. was
about to sit down to dinner at night, the
report would come of some unfortunate
who was starving, and who had been
overlooked in the visits of the day. Then
quickly the hot appetizing meal would
be bundled into a basket, and rushed
away to the suffering family, while
Abdul-Baha would smile and say, "It
does not matter for us', we had dinner
last night, we shall have dinner tomor-
row!"
Often he sent his bed to a feverish in-
valid whom he discovered, because it re-
quired thirty-six hours at least to pro-
cure a bed from Haifa, the nearest point
of supply, and Abdul-Baha would be per-
fectly comfortable wrapped in a blanket,
and lying upon the floor of his room, or
the roof of the house, while he would not
have been able to sleep at all, conscious
of a bedless invalid, feverish and pain
racked. He could not endure the sight
of suffering which he was able to re-
lieve.
Vi/Then he reached the Occident, how'-
ever, Abdul-Baha faced a condition
which troubled him greatly, because it
was beyond his power to assuage the
misery he saw constantly about him.
Housed luxuriously at Cadogan Gardens,
London, he knew that within a stone 's
throw of him were people who had never
had enough to eat--and in New York
there was exactly the same situation.
These things made him exceedingly sad.
and he said: "The time will come in the
nea.r future when humanity will become

