226 STAR OF
children of Israel and the cause of their
gathering and unending glory. This
promise is already fulfilled in part and
ere long will be fulfilled completely.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: To the sons
of Agha Joseph, the Israelite of Hame-
dan; translated July 26, 1907.)
M.r. . . . . referred to a meeting
(in Persia) when a Jew, a Christian, a
Zoroastrian and a Mohammedan were
present and remaining for the night,
shared the same bed. Abdul-Baha said:
"Consider what the power of the Cove-
nant has done. It was an absolute im-
possibility for a Zoroastrian to unite with
a Jew, a Seyed, and a Mullah and for
these to unite with a Christian was an
impossibility; but the power of the Cove-
nant has even so gathered them that they
are accounted as one spirit. Although
the bodies are numerous, the spirit is
one."
(From the notes of Kinney-Beede-
Thompson visit to Aeea-, 1909.)
And he said: It is a light thing that
thou shouldst be my servant to raise up
the tribes of Jacob, and to restore the
preserved of Israel; I will also give
thee for a light to the Gentiles, that thou
mayest be my salvation unto the end of
the earth. . . . Thus saith the Lord:
In an acceptable time have I heard thee,
and in a day of salvation have I helped
thee; and I will preserve thee, and give
thee for a Covenant of the people, to
establish the earth, to cause to inherit
the desolate heritages; that thou mayest
say to the prisoners, Go forth; to them
that are in darkness, Show yourselves,
They shall feed in the ways, and their
pastures shall be in all high places.
(Isaiah 49 6-9.)
Behold my servant, whom I uphold;
mine elect in whom my soul delighteth:
I have put my spirit upon him; he shall
THE WEST
bring forth judgment to the Gentiles.
. . . . He shall not fail nor be dis-
couraged, till he hath set judgment in
the earth; and the isles shall Wait for
his law. . . . . I, the Lord, have called
thee in righteousness, and will hold thine
hand, and will keep thee, and give thee
for a Covenant of the people, fo-r a light
of the Gentiles; to open the blind eyes,
to bring out the prisoners from the
prison, and them that sit in darkness out
of the prison house. I am the Lord;
that is my name: and my glory will I
not give to another, neither my praise
to graven images. Behold the former
things are come to pass, and new things
do I declare; before they spring forth I
tell you of them. . . . . I will say to
the north, Give up; and to the south,
Keep not back: bring my sons from afar,
and my daughters from the ends of the
earth; even every one that is called by
my name: for I have created him for my
glory, I have formed him; yea, I have
made him. . . . . Let all the nations
be gathered together, and let the people
be assembled; who among them can
declare this, and show us fo-rmer things?
Let them bring forth their witnesses,
that they may be justified: or let them
hea.r, and say, It is truth. Ye are my
witnesses, saith the Lord, and my serv-
ant whom I have chosen; that ye may
know and believe me, and understand
that I am he.
(Isaiah 42-43; 1-9; 6-10.)
Regarding the rainbow,--this rainbow
is the Covenant of God and the Testa-
ment of the Merciful One. The lights of
the Kingdom and the heavenly illumina-
tion emanated from this rainbow. This
rainbow is the sign of the removal of the
wrath of God from all the people and
the sign of prosperity, tranquillity, uni-
versal peace, the oneness of humanity,
and the unity of the World of man.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From a Tab-
let translated about 1907.)

