STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEVVS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, I1l., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post ofiice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Edito1iaISta1f-- ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
ii fHonorary i
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S.A.
To personal checks please add sufficient to cover the bank exchange. 7 Wig 7
Address all communications to BAHALNEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S.A. 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAI-IA.
thou Star of the West.-' HE IS con!
Be 'thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou contlnue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Baliais which is organized in the Country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves oi the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmnesixl (Signed) ABBAS.
Vol. VH1 Azamat 1, 73 (May 17, 1917) No. 4;
firc of God's love may glow more
luminously in the heart, its heat grow
stronger and give warmth to that region
and its sound reach the Supreme Con-
course. 689.)
Supp-licatc unto him and beseech i11
the middle of the night and at early
morn just as a needy and captive one
beseechcs-. It is incumbent upon thee
to turn unto the kingdom of God and
to pray, supplioate and invoke during
all times. This is the means by which
thy soul shall ascend upward to the apex
of the gift' of God. 695.)
('Words of Abdul-Baha, from tablets.)
thou spiritual friend! Thou hast
asked the wisdom of prayer. Know thou
that prayer is.indispensable and obliga-
tory and man under no pretext What-
soever is excused therefrom unless he be
mentally unsound or an insurmountable
obstacle prevent him.
The wisdom of prayer is this, that it
causes a connection between the servant
and the True One because in that state
of prayer man with all his heart and soul
turns his face towards His Highness the
Almighty, seeking his association and
desiring his love and compassion. The
greatest happiness for a lover is to con-
verse with his beloved, and the greatest
gift. for a seeker is to bccomc familiar
with the object of his longing. That is
why the greatest hope of every soul Who
is attracted to the kingdom of God is to
find an opportunity to entreat and sup-
plicate at' the ocean of his utterance,
goodness and generosity.
Besides all this-, prayer and fasting is
the cause of awakening and mindfulness
and is conducive to protection and pres-
ervation from tests.
(\V0rds of Abdul-Baha, Tablets of Ab-
dul-Baha, p. 688.)
As to thy question, "Why pray?
What is the Wisdom thereof, for God
has established everything and executes
all affairs after the 'best order and he
ordains everything according to a be-
coming measure and puts things in their
places with the greatest propriety and
perfectio11--ther-eforc What is the Wis-
dom in and supplicating and
in stating onc's Wants and seeking
help Know thou, verily, it is becom-
ing of a weak one to supplicate to the
strong One and it behooveth a seeker
of bounty to beseech the glorious-, bo-un-
tiful One. When one supplicatcs to his
Lord, turns to him and seeks bounty
from his ocean this supplication is by
itself a light to his heart, an illumina-
tion to his sight', a life to his soul and an
cxaltation to his being.

