172 STAR OF
ers not having eaten, had no milk for
their babies; the young children were
famishing and the bodily sufferings of
all of us were very great. But we were
so happy in spite of all our miseries,
and Khanom (the speaker) especially
laughed so much that the Blessed
Perfection sent a messenger to us to
say, "Do not laugh so much, or the sol-
diers will say, 'Listen to those foolish
people enjoying themselves and laugh-
ing with nothing to eat.' 
The day following the governor sent
us some rice, but it was very bad rice,
unwashed, and full of stones. The chil-
dren Were very happy when they saw
food, and crowded around the tables. But
when it was cooked, it was so black and
dirty it made them sick, and they could
not eat it. Thenthe Manifestation came
to us and said, "Do not cry; I have made
some food for you." He gave each of
the children one sugar-plum. When they
had eaten these they all went to sleep,
quite peacefully and contentedly.
The weather was extremely hot, the
water was bad, the prison ration coarse
black bread, so that in those days many
of us felt sick, and it was not long after-
ward when everyone became ill, except
Abdul-Baha and another believer, Agha
Riza Chirazi, and these two nursed us
through.
(Zea Khanom, daughter of Abdul-Baha.)
When we arrived" in Acca it was found
there were not enough rooms in the bar-
racks to imprison us separately, so they
put us all in two rooms with no furni-
ture at all. The court of the barracks
had a most gloomy aspect. There were
three or four fig trees on the branches
of which several ominous owls screeched
all night. Every one got sick, and there
were neither provisions nor medicine. At
the entrance of the barracks there was
a morgue. It was a horrible looking
room, yet I lived there two years
in the utmost happiness. Up to that
period I had not had time to read
the Koran from first to last, but then
I had ample time and used to read this
Holy Book with fervor and enthusiasm.
THE WEST
Going over the incidents and events of
the lives of former Prophets, and finding
how parallel they were with ours, I was
consoled and encouraged. I would read
for instance, the following verse:
"How thoughtless are the people!
Whenever a Prophet is sent to them,
they either ridicule him or persecute
him." And then I would read this verse:
"Verily, Our Host is victorious over
them." I was very happy all the time,
because I was a free man. Shut off in
that room, my spirit travelled through-
out the immensity of space.
The soul of man must be happy no
matter where he is. One must attain
to that condition of inward beatitude
and peace--then outward circumstances
will not alter his spiritual calmness and
joyousness. No one can imagine a worse
place than the barracks of Acca. The
surroundings were filthy and dirty, the
treatment of the officials was unbearable,
and we were looked upon as the enemies
of religion and corruptors of morals.
The government had given an order that
during our stay in Acca, no one must
talk with us and we must not talk with
each other.
(Ab dul-B aha. 
When the Purest Branch (Baha'o'-
lah's youngest son) fell from the roof
and was killed, the believers were no-t
allowed to bury him, but four soldiers
ca-me and took away the body, and the
holy family did not know for two years
whether it had been thrown into the sea
or what the soldiers had done with it.
Naturally his mother was terribly sad
and grieved at his death under such sad
circumstances, and this sorrow made her
so ill that it caused a disease of the
heart, so that for a long time she was
not able to walk about, but was obliged
to sit on the bed.
However, when the Blessed Perfection
said to her, "For my sake has this come
upon him, and he has borne for me a
sorrow and a trouble that was coming
to me," from that day no one ever saw
the mother weeping and she was always
quite happy and cheerful. This was be-

