STAR OF THE WEST 107
great community and world brotherhood
is at hand.
"In our teaching campaign consulta-
tion in the open-minded spirit of perfect
love is of supreme importance for most
of us gaze upon the Center of Guidance
through the colored glasses of our par-
ticular temperament and training. Some
see the light of God's Center of Reality
as red, others as violet or orange. Per-
haps if We can unite our minds in pure
love We may also combine these many
colors so perfectly that they will shine
forth as the pure White light of God's
truth, the perfect light from which they
are all descended. Then can we send
forth our teachers and go forth our-
selves so firm and wise and radiant in
the light of God's new guidance that
through us His light may enter the door-
Way o-f innumerable hearts.
"But let no one try to direct very
much or put his own will into operation,
because perhaps he does not know What
God Wants, and God Works in a mysteri-
ous Way to spread His Cause throughout
America."
Mr. Hall 's motion Was then amended
to the effect that "we recommend, in 'the
spirit of loving consultation, that each
one of these districts to which each one
of these tablets is directed, shall get to-
gether in any way that seems wise and
elect a committee of five or nine people,
and let them elect a committee which has
central guidance for all the committees
and let the central committee feel itself
merely a clearing house."
Before putting the motion as the ques-
tion of authority came up, one speaker
express-ed the spirit of the tablets when
he said: "\Ve are no-t organizing the
teachings. \Ve are organizing 'a little
group to assist the teaching. Don 't you
realize that God does the teaching? It
is the Holy Spirit that is going to do
the teaching. It is the pure fire from
the words of the teacher that is going
to illumine the world. You cannot or-
ganize this teaching; the force of the
love of God will spread through this
country in spite of, and quite beyond
our organization. Let us just realize
that We are doing this to bring together
a little harmonious group with the idea
and intent of assisting those pure hearts
to rise and go forth, who with their
words can illumine this great continent."
Business and Spiritital Fragrance Com-
binecl.
Interspersed with some alluring busi-
ness reports were the sweet-scented spir-
itual messages of delegates gathered in
Boston to bear witness to the po-wer of
God in this day. Mr. \Vrn. H. Randall
well expressed how the Bahais combine
business and the real spiritual fragrance
in their gatherings.
think," said Mr. Randall, "that
We must not feel when we speak of
matters Which we call business, and ma-
terial, that we have divorced that line
from spirituality. 'We must have a body
through which the spirit speaks, and it
seems to me that a proof of our interest
in the material affairs of the i\-Iashrak-el-
Azkar is the demonstration of our spir-
ituality and our spiritual effort to see
that it becomes built and established.
"To me the very greatest note We can
strike in the World is to bring the busi-
ness World and the economic world into
line with the new spiritual economics
whereby our business affairs are gov-
erned, and in the broad fields of life
breathe forth the fragrance of the rose-
garden of the Covenant.'
"As a delegate from Boston I have
resigned, because Boston is its own dele-
gate. The spirit of Boston is surround-
ing you and is bringing to you its own
message of love. It is bringing you its
Welcome; it is filling this hall daily with
many who will come to hear the spiritual
message which you have brought them.
Abdul-Baha at a feast once said, 'At
this feast we have entered into a new
hour and that new hour in the day of
God brings a new bounty.' You have
brought to Boston a new hour. You

