STAR OF THE WEST 223
not approved by Abdul-Baha, it is not
authoritative.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Sta-r of the
West, Vol. 5, No. 9, p. 137.)
-i 
Praise be to God, that you have a
blessed Assembly surnamed by the name
of the Center of the Covenant! This
is an evidence of your utmost firmness
and steadfastness and a proof of your
faith and assurance in the Blessed Per-
fection.
For this divine Covenant is an insti-
tution o-f the Lord. The Blessed Per-
fection, in all the tablets, books, epis-
tles and supplications, has begged co-n-
firmation for and praised and commend-
ed those who are firm in this Covenant
and Testament, and has asked the Wrath
of God and Woe and desolation unto the
violators.
For firmness in the Covenant will pre-
serve the unity of the religion of God
and the foundation of the religion of
God Will not be shaken.
According to the clear text of the
Kttab-et-Ahctas and other tablets, the
Center of the Covenant is the remover of
all difficulties, for he is the interpreter of
the Book. Not one soul has the right
to say one Word of his own account, or
to explain anything or to- elucidate the
text of the Book, Whether in public or
private. . . .
Convey the rare greetings of Abdul-
Baha to all those Who are firm in the
Covenant. If all the believers and maid-
servants of the Merciful do proclaim
their firmness in the Covenant, such
steadfastness in the Covenant, like unto
a magnet, Will draw Abdul-Baha to those
regions.
(Words o-f Abdul-Baha: Portion of
Tablet revealed for San Francisco Bahai
Assembly, during 1912.)
Vilith the utmost resolution and con-
stancy call the souls to the Kingdom of
Abha and invite them to firmness
and steadfastness in the Covenant and
Testament. Read to them the transla-
tion of the Tablet of the Branch and
speak with gentleness, moderation and
loving-kindness, saying: "We have no
other aim save the protection of the for-
tified fortress of the Cause of God. 
must guard this fortified fortress from
the attack of the thoughtless ones. Hence
We must all turn our faces to the ap-
pointed Center in order that the Bahai
unity be preserved; otherwise in one
year the Bahais would be divided into
a thousand sects. Wile entertain no other
object except the safety of the Cause
of God."
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Star of the
West, Vol. 5, No. 12, p. 233.)
Abdul-Baha is the interpreter of the
aims, intents, and purposes of the Words
of the Blessed Perfection, and is the in-
terpreter of his own written Words, and
none c.an say that this or that is the in-
tention conveyed therein save Abdul-
Baha. The spirit of unity exists in the
divine Words, and one who interprets
them in such Wise as to create division
and disco-rd is indeed one who errs.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Star of the
West, Vol. 6, No. 6, p. 44.)
If any soul Wishes to say a Word, they
should ask him: "Is this a Word of your
0-vvn or from the Center of the Covenant?
If you have a certificate from the Center
of the Covenant, show it. NVhere is the
letter from him? Where is his signa-
ture?" If he can produce it, they will
accept it. If he has not that in his hand,
they say: "We cannot accept this be-
cause this is from you and returns
to yo-u. From the Blessed Perfection We
have no commands to obey you, and the
Blessed Perfection has revealed a Book
(Continued on page Z27)

