STAR OF THE WEST 109
ciety, and also that they co-ordinate
With them all other volunteers in this
Work.
He then moved that for the purpose
of carrying out this Work covered by
the resolution just adopted, Mr. V\Ti1helm
and Miss Lesch be appointed a special
committee to co-ordinate and secure the
co-operation of the Bah-ai Temple Unity
With the Bahai Publishing Society and
all other volunteers to that Work Who
Will assist therein.
Star of the West.
There Was much enthusiasm over the
Way the STAR or THE WEST has been
growing in interest and the splendid
way it has been bringing good things to
readers. Mr. Hall s-aid, "In our 1neet-
ings there is nothing so good as the STAR
or TI-IE. and he made a motion
that an appreciation be sent to the edi-
tors. 
Mr. Wilhelm said that everything that
comes out now in the STAR is so broad
gauge that it. is excellent to- pass along.
His exact Words Were: "Now to come
down to the business end for a moment,
if We could double its subscription it
would be so enormously better than it is
now you Would not know it. Anybody
that knows anything about printing Will
tell you that the big expense is the first
thousand. There is not a single booklet
that we have that is so splendidly
adapted to interest people as the STAR
on THE WEST. And I move that in
the first communication that is sent out
to the membership at large a request
be made to all believers Who can, to take
an additional copy. And they Will see
mighty quickly What a Wonderful i1n-
provement it Will make in the STAR OF
THE 
Mr. Hall suggested that there be
brought to their attention the plan of
ordering five, ten or twenty copies for
distribution, to be paid for by the assem-
bly, as a teaching agency.
[It was later suggested in Chicago that
it would be a great service if those Who
could afford it Would send in five, ten,
twenty or a hundred subscriptions and
distribute or let traveling teachers dis-
tribute the extra copies to those who
are today hungering for the life-giving
Words which the STAR or THE is
presenting]
Teachings for Bahai Smzday Schools.
Mr. Andrew' J. Nelson, delegate from
Racine, Wis, asked for information
about teaching small children in a Bahai
Sunday School or Saturday school or
Whatever day is chosen. The children
in Racine are asking for a Sunday
School (they did have one, but the young
women teachers married and the young
men have joined the United States
army). "Therefore," he said, "if there
is any one among you Who can suggest
a method to teach the children, so that
they Will not need to- go through What
the older ones have, I Wish you would
bear it in mind."
Mrs. Breed replied: "If you will get
into communciation with Mr. Joseph H.
Hannen in Washington, D. C., you Will
get plenty of ideas for a Sunday
School. 
One Boston delegate said this was one
of the most important suggestions. made
in the convention for it is a tremendous
inspiration that We should not neglect
these beautiful children, who really are
in the= World to take up the work which
we shall leave almost unworthily done.
"The time has come to take up this
question of teaching children," said
Mrs. Grace Ober. "Abdul-Baha has
promised that some very Wonderful chil-
dren Will arise in the Cause. He Was
asked as to Whether We should send the
children to the Sunday Schools. He said,
'No! Why lay a foundation that Will
later need to be torn down?' So it be-
hooves us to do some work for these
children. We in Cambridge Wrote all
over the country for information as

