156 STAR OF THE WEST
not only by one or two-. . . . Once the
Parliament of Man is established, and
its constituent p-arts organized, the
governments of the world, having en-
tered into a covenant of eternal friend-
ship-, will have no need of keeping large
standing armies and navies. A few
battalions to preserve internal order,
an international police to keep the
highways of the seas clear, will be all
that is necessary. Then these huge
sums Will be diverted to other more
useful channels, pauperism will dis-
appear, the victories of peace will be
sung by poets and bards, knowledge
will increase and improve every con-
dition, and mankind will be rocked in
the cradle of felicity and bliss. Then,
whether a government is constitu-
ional, republican, hereditary monar-
chy, or democratic, the rulers will de-
vote their energies to the prosperity of
their peoples, the enactment of just
and sane laws, an_d the fostering o-f
closer and more amicable relations with
their neighbors. Thus the world of
humanity may become a mirro-r in
which are reflected all the virtues and
attributes of the kingdom of God."
It is thus seen that the Universal Peace
contemplated is synonymous with the
well-being of all humanity", and the ulti-
mate establishment of the essential spirit-
ual and material relationship between
and among all the nations of the globe
in an eternal bond of unity, and that to
secure this, concerted action is necessary.
Questions, therefore, relating to the es-
tablishment of such a peace, and, on the
other hand, questions o-f citizenship aris-
ing in any one of the belligerent nations,
may be purely differentiated. One relates
to an ultimate status toward which pres-
ent conditions are inevitably tending, the
other to an existing exigency p-rior to the
establishment of that status. For each
of these conditions we have quoted the
necessary application from the founda-
tion principles of the Bahai movement.
And these principles are seen to be in
perfect harmony when applied to their
proper and corresponding set of circum-
stances.
We find pleasure, therefore, in closing
this statement with a steadfast and un-
wavering pledge of loyalty and fidelity to
the government of the United States and
to its laws. With all lovers of humanity,
We yearn for the permanent establish-
ment of a righteous peace and the deliv-
erance of man from the slaying of his
brother of whatever nation or race, for
this is no other than the destruction of
the divine edifice The Temple of
Man). But if it be necessary, that, in
order thus to become soldiers in the great
army of peace, we now enlist in our
country 's marching hosts through the
wise behests of our government, then
this also is our wish and our duty, and
to this we subscribe our allegiance know-
ing that from this greatest of world con-
flagrations shall arise the Phoenix of the
spiritual civilization, and that from this
conflict shall emerge the tabernacle of
the oneness of the world of humanity
under whose protecting shade all man-
kind shall gather.
"May the shining star of eternal
felicity and happiness of the world of
humanity dawn with this utmost bril-
liancy from the horizon of interna-
tional comity, and the luminous orb
of international brotherhood of all
races and tongues illumine that united
gathering of humanity with the inefi-
able light of God throughout countless
ages and cycles."
A copy of this original communication
is sent to the Provost Marshal General,
and will be further published in the
Bahai publications of the country. We
invite your attention to the booklet en-
closed and to the announcement of the
twelve Basic principles therein set forth.
Yours respectfully,
Bahai Temple Unity, by its Executive
Board.
William H. Randall, President.

