STAR OF THE VVEST 125
God manifest themselves continuously,
even as tl1e rays of the sun unceasingly
emanate from the solar center. The phe-
nomenal World through the resplendent
effulgence of the sun is radiant and
bright. In the same Way the realm of
hearts and spirits is illumined and re-
suscitated through the shining rays of
the Sun of Reality and the bounties of
the love of God. Thereby the World of
existence, the kingdom of hearts a.11d
spirits, is ever quickened into life. Vfere
it not for the love of God, hearts would
be inanimate, spirits Would Wither and
the reality of man would be bereft of
the everlasting best-owal.
Consider to What extent the love of
God makes itself manifest. Among the
signs of His love 'Wlli(3ll appear in the
World are the dawning-points o-f His
Manifestations. "What an infinite de-
gree of love- is. reflected by the divine
Manifestations toward mankind! For
the sake of guiding the people they have
willingly forfeited their lives to- resusci-
tate human hearts. They have accepted
the cross. To enable human souls to
attain the supreme degree of advance-
ment they have suffered during their
limited years extreme ordeals and diffi-
culties. lf His Holiness Jesus Christ
had not possessed love for the world of
humanity surely he Would not have Wel-
comed the cross. He was crucified for
the love of mankind. Consider the in-
finite degree of that love! Without love
for humanity John the Baptist would
not have offered his life. It has been
likewise with all the prophets and holy
so-uls. If His Holiness the Bab had not
manifested love for mankind surely he
would not have offered his b-reast for a
thousand bullets. If His Holiness Baha-
'o'llah had not been atlame with love
for humanity, he Would not have- Will-
ingly accepted forty years imprisonment.
Observe ho-W rarely human souls sacri-
fice their pleasure 0-r comfort for others;
how improbable that a man would offer
his or suffer himself to be dismem-
bered for the benefit of another. Yet all
the divine Manifestations suffered, of-
fered their lives- and blood, sacrificed
their existence, comfort and all they pos-
sessed for mankind. Therefore consider
how much they love! 'Were it not for
their illumination human souls Would
not be radiant. How effective is their
love! This is a sign of the love of GodReality. . . . .
Consider then What the love of God
means. lhlere it not for the love of God
all the spirits would be inanimate. The
meaning of this is not physical death;
nay rather it is that condition concern-
ing Which His Holiness Christ declared
"Let the dead bury their dead; for that
which is born of the flesh is flesh and
that which is born of spirit is spirit."
Were it not for the love of God the
hearts Would not be illumined. "Were
it not for the love of God the path-
Way of the Kingdom would not be
opened. Were it not for the love of God
the holy books would not have been re-
vealed. 'Were it not for the love of God
the divine prophets Would not have been
sent to- the world. The foundation of
all these besto-Wals is the love of God.
Therefore in the human world there is
no greater power than the love of God.
(Abdul-Baha: Star of the West; VolLove is greater than peace, for
peace is founded upon love. Love is the
objective point of peace; peace is an
outcome of love. Until love obtains,
peace cannot be; but you may have
peace Without love. The love which is
from God is the fundamental. This love
is the object of all human attainment,
the radiance of heaven, the [light of
man.
(Abdul-Baha: Star of the West,' Vol. 3,
No. 10, p. 28.)
thou Who art attracted by the fra-
grances of God! Know thou assuredly
that--~
Love is the mystery of divine revela-
T-iOn;

