28 STAR OF
of reason. He becomes sincere through
the power of intelligence not through
the power of weakness. When man at-
tains to the great state of perfection his
heart becomes pure, his- spirit becomes
enlightened, his soul becomes tender
and receives these qualities through
great strength. This is the difference
between the perfect man and the child.
Both have the great, simple, underlying
qualities-. But the child through the
power of weakness and the man through
the power of strength.
(WVords of Abdul-Baha; Star of the
West, Vol. 3, No. 3, p. 19.)
Strive day and night and do what-
ever is possible that perchance you may
Wake the heedless, give sight to the
blind, bring life to the dead, refresh
the Weary and bring those in despair
and darkness to light and splendor. If
the hope of man be limited to the ma-
terial world What ultimate result is he
working for? A man with even a little
understanding must realize that he
should live differently from the Worms
who hold to the earth in which they are
finally buried. How can he be satisfied
with this low degree? How can he find
happiness there'? My hope is that you
may become freed from the material
world and strive to understand the
meaning of the heavenly world, the
world of lasting qualities, the World of
truth, the world of eternal kinglincss so
that your life may not be barren of re-
sult, for the life of the material man
has no fruit of reality. But lasting
results are produced by the heavenly
existence.
If a man becomes touched with the
divine spark, even though he be an out-
cast and oppressed, he will be happy,
and his happiness cannot die.
(WVords of Abdul-Baha; Divine Philos-
ophy; p. 20.)
THE VVEST
What must be the result of a human
life? It is evident that the goal is not
to eat, sleep, dress and repose on the
couch of negligence. No, it is to find
one 's Way to reality and understand the
divine signs; to receive wisdom from
the Lord of Lords and to move steadily
forward like a great sea.
(Words of Abdul-Baha; Divine Philos-
ophy; p. 25.)
The religion of God reforms the moral
side of the life of mankind. It is the
spreader of the virtues of the world of
humanity. It is the founder of divine
perfections in the hearts of men. It is
nearness to God. It is the cause of at-
traction and enkindlement with the fire
of the love of God. It is conducive to
the illumination of human consciousness.
. . . All the prophets are sent by
God for the guidance of the people, for
the enlightenment of the minds of the
inhabitants of the earth and for the pro-
motion of the Word of Truth.
(Words of Abdul-Baha, from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, March 12,
1914.)
To an artist, Abdul-Baha said:
"Gan you paint upon the page of the
world the ideal pictures of the Supreme
Concourse? The pictures which are in
the ideal World are eternal. I desire you
to become such an artist. can paint
those ideal pictures upon the tablet of
existence with the brush of deeds.
"The holy, divine Manifestations are
all heavenly artists. Upon the canvas of-
creation, with the brush of their deeds
and lives and actions they paint immor-
tal pictures which cannot be found in
any art museum of Europe or America.
But you find the masterpieces of these
spiritual artists-in the hearts."
(\Vords of Abdul-Baha; Star of the
West, Vol. 5, No. 10, p. 149.)

