STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of aifection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strites
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Nur 1, 73 (Iune 5, 1917) N0. 5
"Teach the Cause! This is a matter that succeeds
most miraculously"
Words of Abdul-Baha to Pilgrims
From the Dia.ry of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, January 30, 1914
OWV that you are returning to your
respective homes you must be like
unto ignit'ed candles and set aglow the
hearts of all the believers; now like unto
a company of tuneful birds you must
sing every melody. I have done my part,
I have sung my songs and have played
almost every tune. Now it is your turn.
For awhile I must sit silent, ever strain-
ing my ears to hear your anthems of
praise. I love to listen to your spiritual
and divine harmonies, ever
flying upward and filling the world with
the soothing music of pea.ce and conso-
lation. God willing, you will fulfill my
eager expectations. I am sure you
will no-t disappoint me. The confirma-
tions of the Kingdom shall descend upon
you, and the Supreme reinforcement
shall surround you. Rest ye assured;
let your hearts abide in peace. I ever
expect to receive cheering news from
you. May you become the cause o-f the
happiness of the hearts of the believers.
May all the friends become glad, re-
joiced and grateful through meeting
you and write me that these pilgrims
who passed through our cities were en-
kindled, attracted, eloquent and Willing
to serve their fellowmenl
In short, God Willing, may every one
of you, as you leave this: Holy Land, be-
come a herald of the Cause, a harbinger
of the establishment of the Kingdom.
May each one of you shine upon each
city through which you pass as a radiant
star. This is the Day wherein whomso-
ever arises to spread the Cause of God,
the cohorts of the Supreme Concourse
will assist him. Today the magnet of
spiritual confirmation is teaching the
Cause. Although the threshold of the
Blessed Perfection was my heart, my
spirit and the happiness of my soul, yet,
notwithstanding this, I left everything
and traveled around the world proclaim-
ing at the.top of my voice the glad tid-
ings of the Kingdom of Abha.. 0 affair
today is as confirmed as that of the pro-
mulgation of the principles of this
Cause. As much as they can the be-
lievers of God must occupy their time
in conveying the Message. . . . .
Teach the Cause; this is a matter that
succeeds, succeds most miraculously.
Praise be to God! You are beneath the
protection of the Blessed Perfection,
you are environed by his bestowals.
\Nha-t favor do you wish greater than
this? Whenl a number of souls are be-
neath the protecting wings of an im-
portant personage they consider them-
selves very fortunate; now, praise be
to God, you are beneath the protection
and preservation of the Blessed Perfec-
tion. Therefore, how great must be your
happiness! As you go out of this room
dedicate your lives to teaching the

