70 STAR OF 
and rejected of men. Both they and
their early followers have given their
backs to the smiters and sacrificed their
possessions and t'l1eir lives in the path
of God. Even in our own times this has
been so. Since 1844 some twenty thou-
sand of the B-abis and Bahais in Persia
have suffered cruel deaths for their
faith, and many more have borne im-
prisonment, poverty, exile and degrada-
tion. This la.test of the great religions
has been baptized in blood more than
its predecessors, and have
continued down to the present year.
VVith the prophets of science the same
thing has happened. Giordano Bruno
was burned as a heretic in 1600 A. D.
for teaching, amongst other things, that
the earth moved around the sun. A few
years later the veteran philosopher
Galileo had to abjure the sa.me doctrine
on his knees, in order to escape the same
fate. In later times Darwin, and the
pioneers of modern geology were ve-
hemently denounced for daring to dis-
pute the teaching of Holy "Writ that the
World was made in six da.ys, a11d in the
year 4004 B. Tl1e opposition to new
scientific truth has not all come from the
church, however. The orthodox in
science have been just as hostile to prog-
ress as the orthodox in religion. Colum-
bus was laughed to scorn by the so-
called scientists of his day who proved to
their own satisfaction that if ships did
succeed in getting down to the Antipodes
over the side of the globe, it would be
absolutely impossible for them to get up
again! Galvani, the pioneer of electrical
science, was scoffed at by his learned col-
lea.gues and called the "frogs' dancing
master." Harvey, who discovered the
circulation of the blood, was ridiculed
and persecuted by his professional breth-
ren on account of his heresy and driven
from his lecture chair. When Stephen-
son invented his locomotive engine, Eu-
ropean mathematicians of the time, in-
stead of opening their eyes and studying
the facts, Went on for years proving
from their preconceived ideas that an
engine on smooth rails could never pull
a load, as the wheels would simply slip
round and the train get no "forarder."
To examples like these one might add
indefinitely, b-oth fro-m ancient and mod-
ern history, and even from our own
times. Dr. Zamenhof, the inventor of
Esperanto"", (who has just passed away),
had to battle for his wonderful inter-
national language against the same sort
of ridicule, contempt and stupid oppo-
sition which greeted Columbus, Galvani,
and St'ephenson. Even Esperanto which
was given to the world less than thirty
years ago hashad its In the
last half century or so, however, a change
has come over the spirit of the times, a
New Light of Truth has arisen which
has already made the controversies of
last century seem strangely out of date.
Where are now the boastful material-
ists and dogmatic atheists who, only a
few short years ago were threatening to
drive religion out of the world? And
where the preachers who so confidently
consigned those who did not accept their
dogmas to the fires of hell and the tor-
tures of the damned"! Echoes of their
clamor we may still hear, but their day
is done and their doctrines are discred-
ited. We can see now that the doctrines
around which their controversies waxed
most bitter were neither true science nor
true religion. What scientist in the light
of modern research, could still
maintain that "brain secretes thought
as the liver secretes that de-
cay of the body is necessarily accompa-
nied by decay of the soul?
We now see that thought to be really
free must soar to the realms of 
and spiritual phenomena and not be con-
fined to the material only. We realize
that what we now know about nature is
but as a drop in the ocean compared with
what remains to be discovered. We
therefore freely admit the possibility of
miracles, not indeed in the sense of the
breaking of nature 's laws, but as mani-
festations of the operation of subtle
forces which are still unknown to us, as
electricity and X-rays to our ancestors.
See page 8 0.

