STAR OF THE WEST 47
For the time of Moses the law of "an
for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth"
was ordained. It is very hard to see the
Wisdom of this, but the people then were
in the Wilderness and needed teaching.
Different teachings Were needed for dif-
ferent people. If you give the same teach-
ings to all some might be retarded by them
instead of helped. Christ taught so-me
things to his disciples Which he com-
manded them not to tell the Pharisees.
It is not for the soldier to question the
general's orders. If he knows him to
be the real general he must carry out
and obey his orders exactly, If the gen-
eral orders that a certain place must be
taken and held the soldiers might say,
"Why risk so much b-y leaving this se-
cure and safe position for a point which
is the aim and target of the enemy?"
But the general knows that this is the
important point which must be held at
all costs. The true doctor, the true
teacher, the real captain must be obeyed.
If every man knew What Was be-st for
his health, if every man could teach him-
self, if every soldier knew how to fight
by himself, if every passenger could sail
the ship, What need would there be for
the doctor, for the teacher, for the gen-
eral or for the captain? As he has not
this Wisdom he must first ascertain their
truth and then follow their directions.
Until he does this he cannot advance.
(Words of Abdul-Baha; from notes of
Mrs. L. A. C. Dreyfus-Barney.
One of our friends was sitting silent.
Abdul-Baha asked her to speak. 
Would rather pray quietly in thy pres-
ence," she said.
Abdul-Baha: "Mays-t thou ever be
in a prayerful attitude. In all the
Worlds of existence there is nothing more
important than prayer. Prayer confers
spirituality upon the heart."
(Words 0-f Abdul-Baha, from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, October 26,
1913.)
Thou hast asked What shouldst thou
do and What prayer shouldst thou offer
in order to become informed of the mys-
teries of God. Pray thou With an at-
tracted heart and supplicate thou with
a spirit stirred by the glad tidings of
God. Then the doors of the kingdom of
mysteries shall be opened before thy
face and thou shalt comprehend the
realities of all things.
(Words of Abdul-Baha, from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, July 26, 1913.)
Asked if We are not able through love
and faith to make those Who have de-
parted from this life hear of the Cause
who had not heard of it While here,
Abdul-Baha replied:
"Yes, surely sincere prayer always
has its effect and it has a great influence
in the other World. "We are never cut
off from those Who are there. The real
and genuine influence is not in this World
but in that other."
(Words from: Abdul-Baha, from Notes
of Mrs. Mary I-Ianford Ford, Paris,
France, October, 1911.)
Supplication and prayer on behalf of
others will surely be eifective. Wlien
hearts are united, When faces are turned
towards the kingdom of Abha, surely
enlightenment will be the result.
(Words of Abdul-Baha, from tablet to
Seattle Assembly of B-ahais translated
in Haifa, Syria, August 14, 1914.)
In answer to the question, "Why
should one pray through Christ as the
Christians do, or through another mani-
festation of God and Why should We not
pray to God direct?" Abdul-Baha said':
"If We Wish to pray We must have
some object upon which to concentrate.
If We turn to God We must direct our
hearts to a certain center. If man Wor-
ships God otherwise than through his
Manifestation he must first form a con-
ception of God and that conception is

