STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of afiection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened,
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes;
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Sharaf 1, 73 (December 31, l9l7) N0. 16
"If the World should combine to overthrow
the Covenant, it could not succeed"
OR years God has been preparing
you for this day, in order that
you may be illumined like a
candle for the dark night, that you may
direct the people and establish them in
the divine Covenent and Testament.
And if, like pure gold, you should be
melted in the fire of calamity, you will
be purged by that fire of calamity but
you will be content.
The time Was fully ripe for your com-
ing and for the testing of man, because
the great basis of the divine Cause is
firmly fixed upon the pillar of the Cove-
nant and Testament and the skies of
the divine religions are brilliant and
illumined by the stars of the Covenant.
God be my refuge! If this pillar is to
be opposed by a low fellow (Anoud)
there will remain no supports for the
divine Tabernacle and for the lesser
tents, and there will be no candle lighted
for -the divine Assembly. The Well-built
house will be razed to the foundation, it
will become like a useless tomb, the com-
mands will be delayed and the Waves
of the sea o-f favor will be retarded. The
sea of assurance will be cut off, the
Breath of Life will cease to blow, the
sails of the life-boat will be destroyed,
the bright dawn will become dark eve-
ning, the dawning-point of desire will be
covered under the clouds of regrets; all
these troubles will become useless and
all these sheddings of blood will be fruit-
less; the -pure blood of the will
become defiled and the remembrance of
the blessed Bab [the Forerunner], whose
breast became the target for a hundred
thousand arrows, will disappear from
among men, and his influence will be-
come non-existent. The whole fifty
years of the troubles of the Blessed Per-
fection (Baha'o'llah), the looting and
plundering, the imprisoning and beat-
ing; the false accusing and injuring;
the Wandering and homelessness; the
threatening by dagger and sword; the
shackles and chains will become forgot-
ten and without result. It will become
the source of joking and quarrelling
among the enemies, the source of their
gaiety and rejoicing.
Then, whatever mountain or plain you
traverse, cry aloud: This cycle is the
Cycle of Alcsilt And this Covenant is
tho Ancient Covenant, the Illnminaior
of the horizons. The armies of the
Kingdom are the protectors of this foun-
dation. The sun of righteousness is
radiant stability and this becomes the
shining lamp of the assembly of unity.
I is the Strong Rope and the illumina-
tion of the Giver of Light. It is Arvo
(untranslatable) on-cl the fruit of the
Toobah tree is in the concealed tablet
and is recorded in the Book and the de-
creccl Leaf. It is the Testament and the
Alast was used to signify the night
that the Koran was revealed to Moham-
med and he received the message: "Am
I not thy God?" to which he replied


