STAR OF THE WEST 81
ers," and it is this idea which is so b-asic
in the life and work of Dr. Zamenhof""
that one cannot escape the feeling that
he was, in some sense, God-inspired, and
that his work will go on and profoundly
influence mankind for good, not only in
a social but also in a spiritual way.
None of the three hundred or more at-
tempts to form a common international
tongue has had for its founder a man
who went through such a pathetic per-
sonal experience as this tender-hearted
Jew, and his whole life seems to us who
loved him to have been developed by the
work he was doing.
\Ve are our real selves when We are at
our best, for it is only then that we are
more nearly at one with Godone with God unless
we are at one with our fellow manone with our fellow
man if we have to judge him without
the help of common thought which can
more easily come through a common
tongue? It is just eighty years ago that
De Tocqueville said in his great book
Democracy in America: "The tie of lan-
guage is perhaps the strongest and the
most durable that can unite mankind."
was writing about our national life
by itself, but since then we have lea_rned
that the World is larger than our own
nation, larger even than those who speak
the English tongue, large as all human-
ity, and we are now to consider briefly
how far the use of Esperanto already
has been and still more may be of service
to all men in their religious and spiritual
life as well as in their social welfare.
Transportation by railroad and steam-
boat, the use of the telegraph and tele-
phone, cable codes and maritime signals,
and things of that kind, have done more
to bring men together in material mat-
ters during the last 70 years than they
had been unified during the 700 years
preceding, and during the same 70 years
men have been released from many polit-
ical and religious bonds which had ham-
pered their spiritual development, but
the same progress has not yet been made
in the transmission of ideas. It is the
order of the day to eliminate the middle-
men in the distribution of the world's
goods, so why not eliminate the middle-
men, the interpreter and the trans-
lator), in the distribution of the best
ideas, both spoken and written'?
The archaic translation of the common
version of our English Bible, and even
Moulton's adaptation of it to literary
form, makes the Psalmist say that he
prevented the night watches that he
might meditate in God's word, but Zam-
enho-f's version reads, (Ps. cXiX:147)
"Antau la Matenrugo mi vokas; Vian
vorton mi fidas" (Before the dawn I
call; in thy Word I trust), and this is
typical of much that might be said about
the Way in which we have been "pre-
vented" by old habits of thought from
awakening to the dawning of the light
already beginning before the Most Great
Peace which is sure to co-me. This is a
time to remember the prophecy of
Zephaniah where he says, "For
then will I turn to the people a pure
language that they may all call upon
the name of the Lord, to serve him with
one constant." 'We are told that the
prophets themselves did not know the
full meaning of what was put into their
mouths to say, and it may be that
Zephaniah could not foresee that this is
the time When men may be helped to a
better knowledge of the largeness o'f
God's nature through being better able
to understand their fellow men.
This is the age of universals-, and it is
time to turn from some of our narrow
conceptions of God and our mere local
and inherited habits of religious thought
and remember that in the human world
there are two kinds of 
universal and particular. The results
of universal undertakings are infinite
and are, therefore, limitless, and we may
properly look upon Esperanto as almost
limitless in its possible effects upon the
minds and hearts of mankind as com-
pared to the past use of any simply na-
tional tongue which confirmed men in
their own separate interests. We can
hardly imagine a family life where each

