212 STAR OF
sword which can never be dulled, a mag-
azine which will always be full.
(Abdul-Baha: From booklet, Abdul-
Baha.)
If any soul asks concerning the sta-
tion of this servant, the answer is Abdul-
Baha. If he inquires after the meaning
of The Branch, the answer is Abdul-
Baha. If he desires to know the sig-
nificance of the verse regarding The
Branch, the answer is Abdul-Baha. If
he insists upon the explanation of the
meaning of "The Branch extended from
the Ancient Root," the answer is Abdul-
Baha.
In brief, the friends must be satisfied
with the word of Abdul-Baha. Outside
of this word, "Abdul-Baha," no other
word, not even the word, Branch, should
they refer to in their writings and their
speeches. By no means whatsoever should
they exceed this word, neither ought they
to harbor any discussion and question.
However, if any other soul declares an-
other word than this, he will make this
servant a target for the arrows of oppo-
sition and will become the cause of my
grief. For the utmost desire and the
ultimate hope of Abdul-Baha is to- be
a sincere servant at the Holy Threshold.
This gift is enough for this servant
throughout the worlds.
(Abdul-Baha: Extract from a Tablet
revealed for Persian believers, about
1906.)

At the time of the end God shall man-
ifest himself to all mankind with all the
attributes of divinity and majesty, but
very few shall advance toward him and
the rest shall exclaim in horror: "'vVe
take refuge in God! what blasphemy I 
Then again he will appear a second time
manifesting all the qualities of servi-
tude and the people will flock around
him and believe in him and praise and
laud his uncreated virtues.
(A tradition of Mohammed, related by
THE WEST
Bokhari, who is celebrated for his ac-
curacy; and wisdom. From Diary of
Mirza Sohrab, January 19, 1914.)
My name should be confined to "Ab-
dul-Baha" in all writings. This is the
collective name which will gather all
the people and it is the strong fortress
and protection of the Cause of God. The
beloved ones must limit themselves to
this. However you may mention me as
the light of the love of God, the flame
of the guidance of God and the banner
of peace and harmony. I trust in God
that you may ever be confirmed through
the Holy Spirit. . . . .
You must know this, that the principle
of the divine foundation is love, unison,
oneness and the purity of intention.
When love is attained, the mystery of
truth will then become manifest. No
one should adhere to different titles; one
title (or station) is enough, and it is,
"Abdul-Baha." All must agree to this
word, until the difference of opinion
be removed from their midst. But
that which is essential to the acknowl-
edgment of this word Abdul-
Baha) is attraction to the love of God,
service to the Cause of God, diffusing the
Word of God, severance from all else
save God, aifinity, union and oneness,
humility, meekness, nothingness and ser-
vitude to the beloved of God. If one
does not become characterized with these
attributes he has not acknowledged the
title (or station) of Abdul-Baha. Be-
cause Abdul-Baha is the banner of the
love of God, the lamp of the knowledge
of Go-d, the herald of the kingdom of
God, the commander of the hosts of peace
and reconciliation, and the orb of union
and harmony among all the nations of
the world. Consequently, every one in
whose heart the love of Ab'dul-Baha has
irradiated must act in this manner. And
when persons walk and move in this path
all differences shall be removed.
(Abdul-Baha: From booklet, Abdul-
Ba-ha.)

