56 STAR OF THE WEST
At every moment ye obt'ain a new vital-
ity from the rain of divine bestowals
and ere long y-e will produce full grown
seeds which are blessed by the ca.re and
attention o-f the Divine Farmer. There
is no doubt that such will be the end.
Convey on my b-ehalf the utmost long-
ing greeting to the friends residing in
To-kyo as well as the recently arrived
travellers and say to them: All the in-
dividuals of humanity are farmers.
Every soul sows a certain kind of seed,
but at the season of the-harvest there
will be gathered no result, except from
the seeds which are sown by the believers
of God. That alone will obtain heavenly
blessing. Reflect that His Holiness
Christ and His Holiness Moharnmed
scattered such holy seeds the fruits of
which are being gathered till now; but
all the other farmers were finally
doomed to regret and disappointment.
Upon ye be greeting and praise.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
Haifa, Syria, Oct. 30, 1916.)
Seed Sowing
DUB-INC the last few months our
Persian brother, Ishteal Ebn Ka-
lanter, has been travelling to- and fro in
the Middle West, speaking With clear,
b-rilliant eloquence before large audi-
ences in Indianapolis, New Orleans, Mil-
waukee, Detroit, Cincinnati and many
other places. Recently he spoke to an
audience of 700 in the Unitarian Church
o-f Cincinnati. There was a driving
rain but the church was packed to the
doors to hear of the glad tidings which
Baha-'o'llah and Abdul-Baha have
brought to this world.
A Bahai
FOR seven years the STAR THE
WEST has been publishing in its
pages addresses and Tablets of Abdul-
Baha and extracts fro-m the glorious
Writings of Baha.'o'llah. These now form
a beautiful library of Bahai thought and
Bahai news. To make this library eas-
ily accessible to the friends of Abdul-
Baha the editors of the STAR or THE
are having each year's numbers
attractively bound in separate volumes.
These volumes may be had from the
Bahai News Service at the price of $2.50
a volume, postage or expressage addi-
tional.
Especial attention is called to Volume
Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi, despite his medi-
cal practice, through which he serves
all who come to him with true Bahai
bounty, has devoted his Sundays to seed-
sowing journeys. He has recently spoken
in the states of Illinois, Wisconsin, Mich-
igan, Ohio, Indiana, Minnesota and Mis-
souri.
Thus are our eastern brothers so-wing
the seeds of that new spiritual tree which
has arisen in the East "for the healing
of the nations.' 
Library
II with its picture of Abdul-Baha in
Paris and London, and to Volumes 
and IV with their accounts of Abdul-
Baha's addresses and journeys in Amer-
ica. Volume VII is especially signifi-
cant because it contains the Five Great
Teaching Tablets and the first install-
ments of the remarkable compilation on
the "Divine Art of Living."
All the volumes are full of radiant
words from the heaven of light. Many
of the friends are securing the entire
set lest they miss any of the divine
sentences which in these last few years
have been flooding our western world.

