STAR OF THE WEST 93
became the great' Bahai leader. It is his
mission to- interpret the Revelation of
Baha'o'llah, to lay the foundation of a
permanent civilization, that shall be un-
disturbed by the horrific of
hate a.nd carnage that tear asunder to-
day the social and religious structure of
the world.
Abdul-Baha, "the servant of God,"
as his name implies, was eight years old,
when, in 1852, the first Bahai exile oc-
curred. And from that date he shared
the vicissitudes, the persecution, the ex-
ile, the iniprisonment, meted out to- his
illustrious father. And, because of his
spiritual perception and understanding
of the Rev-elation, because of his worthi-
ness to be the successor of Baha.'o'llah,
it was entrusted to him to continue the
great work--the work of calling men
and nations to unity and peace and
brotherly love.
It was in 1908, sixteen years_ after the
death of Baha'o'llah, when Abdul-Baha
was released from the prison of Acca.
He was sixty-four years old. The marks
and the ravages of exile and imprison-
ment were upon-him. And yet he went
forth to d-eliver to the world the mes-
sage of Baha.'o'llah. He went to Eu-
rope, he came to America, proclaiming
the basic principles of that message,
calling the statesmen and diplomats of
the_wor1d, the people of the world to
universal peace.
Four years ago, on May 1st, 1912, he
visited the site of the Mashrak-el-Azkar
in \Nilme_tte. He commended the beauty
of the location and addressed the Bahais
gathered around him upon the great im-
portance to- the world of this first Mash-
rak-el-Azkar of the occident.
"Thousands of 4Mashrah-el-Aehars,--
which means the dawning point of
praise for all religionists,--will be built
in the world," he said. "In the orient
and in the occident of the world will
they be built. But this Mashrah-cl
Aehar, being' the first one in the occi-
dent, has great importance."
Elsewhere he has said of the Mash-
rak-el-Azkar--
"The Mashrale-cl-Aehar of Chicago is
of the greatest importance. This is a
Bahai Temple, a supreme house of wor-
ship, a place of spiritual gathering and
the manifestation of divine mysteries.
"This organization of the Mashrah-
el-Aehar will be a type for the coming
centuries and will hold the tstation of
the Mother, and thus, laterl in other
cities many Mashrah-el-Azharis will be
its ofispring.
-"When the Mashrah-el-Azhar, with
its accessories, is established in the
world, aside from its religious or spir-
itual influence, it will have a tremendous
eflect upon civilization."
I wish it were within the possibilities
of space to quote at" length from the ut-
terances of Baha'0'llah and Abdul-
Baha.. Such wealth of literature and
knowledge cannot be compressed to the
requirements of a. short newspaper art-
icle. But the few quotations here pro-
duced may convey to the reader some-
what of the inspiration back of the Ba-
hai Movement.
The first words of Baha'o'llah brought
to America were words spoken by him
in 1890 to Professor Edward Granville
Browne of Cambridge University, who
had succeeded in gaining access to the
great prisoner-
"We desire but the good of the world
and the happiness of the nations; yet
they deem us a stirrer up of strife and
sedition worthy of bondage and banish-
ment. That all nations should become
one in faith and all men as brothers;
that the bonds of ajfection and unity
between the sons of men should be
strengthened; that diversity of religions
should cease and di/Terences of race be
an-nulled--what harm is there in this?
Yet so it shall be; these fruitless strifes,
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and
the Most Great Peace shall come. Do
not you in Europe need this also? Is
this not what Christ foretolcli'? Yet do
(Continued on page 94)

