STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened,
that diversity of religion shall cease and diiterences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes;
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace? shall 
Vol. Kamal 1, 73 (August Z0, 1917) No. 9
Mashrak-el-Azkar Convention and
Bahai Congress
Held by the Bahai Temple Unity
for the Exposition of the- Universal Principles, Economic, Social and Religious,
of the Bahai Movement
All Sessions held at Hotel Brunswick, April 29-May 2, 1917,
Boston, Massachusetts
THE sessions of the Congress were
held Sunday afternoon and each
evening from Sunday to Wednesday.
There were addresses upon the social,
economic and spiritual principles which
the Bahai Movement is today presenting
to the world, and bea.utiful music inter-
spersed among the addresses. The music
helped to heighten the glory of that spir-
itual atmosphere which ma.de the Con-
gress often so irresistible in its appeal to
the hearts and the spirits. Among the
speakers were Mr. Horace Holley, Mr.
Howard Mac-Nutt, and Mr. Hooper
Harris of New York, Mr. Albert H. Hall
of Minneapolis, Mrs. Corinne True of
Chicago, Mrs. Mary H. Ford of Kansas
City, Mrs. May Maxwell of Montreal and
Mr. Joseph H. Hannen of "Washington.
Each session of the Congress was crowded
with eager listeners--their bright faces
betokening the joy with which the Gospel
of Baha'o'llah and Abdul-Baha. is being
received in this year of 1917.
The Feast of El-Rizwan
OPE I the glorious events in
Boston preceding the ninth annual
Mashrak-el-Azkar convention was the
memorable and lovely Rizwan Feast
held Saturday evening, April 28th, in
Filene's great store. Fragrant and ex-
quisite iiowcrs made the place resem-
ble somewhat the Garden of El-Rizwan
and the spirit was the same as in that
blessed and hallowed spot in the Orient.
Everyone present heard the call to serv-
ice, heard it as never before with throbs
of longing, with yearning, with sincerity
of purpose, with a determination to be-
come "refulgent dawns." It was as
though Abdul-Baha stood in their spir-
itual presence and said: "Arise, shine,
for Light has come! The Glory of God
has arisen upon thee; the Sun of Truth
is in this "lord!"
Among the speakers were Mr. Wm. H.
Randall, Mr. Roy C. Wilhelm, Mrs.
Mary H. Ford, Mr. Louis G. Gregory,
Mr. Alfred E. Lunt, and Mr. Joseph H.
Hannen. Delightful music was given and
a feature of the evening was the singing
of the National Anthem, words and mu-
sic composed by Mr. Edward B. Kinney
and dedicated to the President of the
United States, His Excellency, \\To0drow
Wilson.

