STAR OF THE WEST 127
Among the human race, the bonds of,
and means for, love are numerous, for
man cannot live without it; nay rather,
human life is dependent upon friendship
and afliection. Both the material and in-
trinsic development of man are" condi-
tional upon amity and love and the
greatest honor and pleasure in the hu-
man World is love; but the ways and
means are different. Sometimes the
cause of love is simply relationship and
kinship: and sometimes it is a racial
bond, patriotism, political affairs, etc.
But, through all these various bonds and
means it is impossible to obtain a. real
and pure love: it is rather superficial
and temporary. Such love may easily
be changed into enmity and rancor, for
it is affected by the slightest manifesta-
tion of hostility; Whereas a true and
ideal love is faith and assurance. Those
who believe in God and are confident in
His Word shall enter the Kingdom, and
the essential oneness appear from
among them to such an extent that all
become the drops of one ocean, the rays
of one sun, the fishes of one sea, the trees
of one garden, the birds of one orchard,
the candles of one assembly and the stars
of the same heaven. Such love is real;
there is no interruption for this connec-
tion, nor any separation for this union.
This foundation shall never be destroyed,
for it is eternal. Hence it is established
that the love which exists among the be-
loved of God is everlasting for it is a
divine bounty, a godly appearance, a
melody of the Kingdom and a heavenly
cohesion. In the Koran it is said:
"They love Him and He loves 
i. the bounty of love is one of the
divine bounties which comes to man from
God, just as the sun sends its rays to the
mirrors and thereby the mirrors are il-
lumined: this effulgence and splendor
are from the bounty of the sun. There-
fore, this love which is among the beloved
is a divine bounty, a godly splendor, an
eternal manifestation a.nd the power of
divinity; it is perpetual.
(Abdul-Baha: Bahonl News, No. 8, p. 5.)
That which is most delicious in the
World of existence is love. The air of
itself is not delicious, neither is Water,
nor in short, all the elements; but When
coupled with love they are most deli-
cious. Love is the best condiment. Wfhen
love exists in the heart the slightest
gesture proves welcome. "Then love ex-
ists in the heart, even if it be a blow
it is delicious.
For instance: the food on this table
is nothing, indeed very simple; yet be-
cause it is prompted by love it is deli-
cious.
The Lord's Supper of Christ Was in-
deed a very commlon thing, but because
there Was excessive love among the in-
individual members who convened there,
that table surpassed the royal tables and
it was established as the Lord's Supper.
Even now, at this time, it is known as
such. This was due to the love which
existed between Jesus C'-hrist and the dis-
ciples.
. . . . The protestant missionaries
were amazed at our love, and they were
greatly disturbed and grieved exceed-
ingly over it. They Wonder What has
cemented the Americans and Persians!
. . . They do not know that the fac-
tor is the love of God and that it has
united us.
The disciples: of Christ represented
many different nations and One
was a Hebrew; another a Syrian and
another a Roman. How God, through
His love, cemented their heartsl Even
so it is now! It is the love of God which
has connected us, so that in the utmost
love do We assemble and are gathered
together here.
The means for friendliness are multi-
tudinous-.
There is the family bond which is the
cause of love. There is the patriotic
(Continued on page 134)

