198 STAR OF
like the lightnings.' What a picture of
steam railways and electric cars! There
seems a coincidence in that the WVorld's
Columbian Exposition was held in Chi-
cago--it should have been in 1892, but
could not be made ready until 1893--be-
cause it marks not only the year of the
departure of Baha'o'llah and signified
the results of his appearance, in that
for the first time in history all nations
met in one place to lay at the feet of one
another the fruits of their arts and sci-
ences in peace but because on the arch
of the peristyle--that architectural crea-
tion comprising the eastern side of the
grand court of ho-nor--crowning it, so to
speak, as one looked toward the east,
were these words, in letters of gold:
'Ye shall know the truth and the truth
shall make you free.' Shortly after that
the Message of the Appearance of Baha-
'o'llah was received in Chicago, and from
here it spread throughout America, even
to Europe. Such were some of the re-
markable coincidences at the birth of
the new era.
"Baha'o'llah fulfilled all the prophe-
cies of all the Holy Books. He was the
one of whom Isaiah spoke: 'For unto
us a child is born, unto us a son is given
and the government shall be upon his
shoulder and his name shall be called,
Wonderful, Counseller, the Mighty God,
the Everlasting Father, the Prince of
PeaceThe
Almighty. If this statement of mine
seems startling, permit me to read what
one of our Oriental Bahais says of the
birth of the new era:
'Look at the twenty-third chapter of
Deuteronomy, second verse, "And he
said: The Lord came from Sinai--and
rose up from Seir unto shined
forth from Mount Paran~and he came
with ten thousand of saints; from his
right hand went a fiery law for them."
This means four appearances of God; the
first refers to the time when He ap-
peared to Moses in Mount Sinai; the sec-
ond, to Christ in the name of the Son;
the third, to Mohammed from Mount
Paran; and the fourth in Baha'o'llah,
when He, God, The Almighty, came with
THE WEST
ten thousand of His saints. Read the
fourteenth verse of the epistle of Jude:
"And Enoch also, the seventh from
Adam, prophesied of these saying, Be-
hold, the Lord cometh with ten thousand
of his saints."
'Then know, people, that upon
the day when God, The 
the form of man, known as Baha'o'llah
--declared himself (April 21, 1863, in
the Garden of El-Rizwan in Bagdad)
and uttered to the inhabitants of the
contingent world, to the mountains, hill-
tops, trees, grass, shrubs, flowers, weeds,
stones, sands, seas, winds, waves, and
every atom comprising the earth, and all
the ethers comprising the air: am
God and there is no God but 
the old heaven and the old earth passed
away and were no more, and from that
moment all things became new and that
which was, was not! That day marked
the era of a new creation, a new people,
a new heaven, and a new earth! And
the secret Word--the Word of Mystery
mentioned first by Adam, then by the
Prophets, Messengers, Christ, and later
by Mohammed, then by The Bab-that
\Vord became flesh and dwelt among
men. Its Power and Glory flashed
from heaven and earth when Baha'o'llah
stood up and declared: am God and
there is no God but Me, the Ancient, the
Everlasting, the Creator of all things,
the Almighty, the Potent!" Then know,
people, at that time the earth trembled
and did quake, the heavens rolled to-
gether as a scroll, and in less than the
twinkling of an all things passed
away and God alone existed! Then from
the Shining Mouth of the Living Word
went forth the command, 
in another twinkling, a new creation
was!'
"It is the Day of God."
The friends who assisted with musical
numbers, including Mrs. Carl Scheffler,
contralto, Miss Marie Herzog, pianist,
Mr. Charles Weeks, baritone, and Zeenat
Khanum, chanting, lent to the program
a pleasing variety and gave spiritual joy
to the assembled friends.

