STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill.-, U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at thepost oflice at Chicago,"I11inois, under the Act of March 3. 1879-
Ediforial R. WINDUST-- GERTRUDE BUIKEMA--DR.. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary AHMAD SOHRAB
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111,, U, S. A.
To personal checks please add sufficient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, I1l., U. S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDULBAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS Goo! 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the Country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the vyaves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness'! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Vol. Kudrat 1, 73 (November 4-, 1917) No. 13
"The Cause of Baha'0'llah is the same as the
Cause of Christ"
The Cause of Baha'o'llah is the same as the Cause of Christ.
It is the same temple and the same foundation. Both of these
are the spiritual spring and the seasons of the soul-refreshing
awakening and the cause of the renovation of the life of mankind.
The spring of this year is the same as the spring of last year.
The origins and ends are the same. The sun of today is the sun
of yesterday. In the coming of Christ the divine teachings were
given in accordance With the infancy of the human race. The
teachings of Baha'o'llah have the same basic principles but are
according to the stage of the maturity of the World and the
requirements of this illumincd age. 
ABBAS
The Hundreth Anniversary of the Birth of Baha'o'llah
(Continued from page 167)
Thou seest me, God, confounded in vance toward Thy good pleasure, turn-
Thine earth. If I tell what Thou hast
enjoined on me, Thy creatures turn
against me; if I forsake What Thou hast
enjoined on me for Thy part, I should
be far removed from the gardens of
nearness to Thee. (Wherefore) I ad-
ing aside from What the souls of Thy
servants desire, accepting what is with
Thee and forsaking What would remove
me afar ofi from the retreats or nearness
to Thee and the heights of Thy glory.
For Thy love I flinch not from aught and

