132 STAR OF THE WEST
bly of its intention to so report to the
coming convention. The question of
the acceptance or rejection of the ap-
plication shall be decided by the con-
vention in its consideration of the re-
port of its regularly constituted com-
mittee on credentials.
II. Any a-ssembly, a regularly en-
rolled member of this Unity, which
shall fail to elect a delegate to repre-
sent it in a-ccordance With the constitu-
tion and by-laws of the Unity for a
period of two years, shall be deemed
to have abandoned its membership in
the Unity, provided that any such as-
sembly may revive its membership by
making application for membership in
accordance With the provisions of these
by-laws.
These by-laws may be amended
by the Unity at any annual or special
meeting, by resolution adopted by
three-fourths of the votes cast at such
meeting, provided, that notice that an
amendment Will be proposed, stating
the general scope of the amendment,
shall be sent by mail by the secretary
to each of the assemblies of this Unity
thirty days before the meeting at
which such amendment is proposed to
be submitted.
IV. All notices required by these
by-laws to be given in pursuance of
any provisions thereof shall be con-
sidered duly given, when mailed by
the secretary to the secretaries of the
assemblies of this Unity, at such ad-
dress as may appear from the records
of the secretary, or if no- such address
appear, to the address believed by the
secretary to be the address of any
member of said assembly.
V. These by-laws shall go into ef-
fect from and after their enactment.
The convention, by resolution, supple-
mented by addresses of members ex-
pressed its appreciation of the Work of
the STAR or THE WEST and directed that
the secretary, in the first communication
sent out to the membership, request
therein all friends to subscribe for addi-
tional copies of the STAR or THE 
and that each assembly be requested to
subscribe for from five to twenty copies
additional for distribution as a
teaching agency.
The auditing committee made its re-
port, approving the accounts of the
financial secretary and treasurer; the re-
ports Were accepted and directed placed
on file.
By resolution, Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi and
M. Eshte'al-Ebn Kalanter Were requested
to translate from the Persian the in-
structions of Abdul-Baha, with refer-
ence to the conduct and procedure of
assemblies and to furnish the secretary
with a copy of such resolution and that
the same be incorporated into the min-
utes of this meeting, and a copy sent to
the secretary of each assembly of the
Unity.
The committee on publication was di-
rected to- furnish to all ac-
curate information concerning the Bahai
movement.
It Was Unity recom-
mends the early publication, in standard
form, of all the tablets of Baha'o'llah
thus far translated into English, except-
ing Kitab-el-Aiwlas and the Book of
I ghrm, with the approval of the Publi-
cation Board, contemplating a standard
form in uniformity with future pub-
lications of Abdul-Baha. 
On motion, Mr. Roy C. l/Vilhelm and
Miss Mary Lesch Were appointed a spe-
cial committee to -co-ordinate a.nd secure
the co-operation of Bahai Temple Unity
with the Bahai Publishing Society, and
all other Bahai agencies that Will assist
in the publication Work.
It Was resolved--"This Unity recom-
mends the hearty co-operation in the
plan of teaching and spreading teach-
ings in North America as communicated
to us in the five tablets of Abdul-Baha;
that we recognize the persons addressed
in each of these five geographical divis-
ions as persons best fitted to initiate the
Work therein, and direct the executive

