STAR OF THE VVEST 155
cease, and all men be as one kindred
and one family. 
"Let not a man glory in this that
he loves his country; let him rather
glory in this, that he loves his kind."
And. again he said in the Words of
Paradise:
y-e Wise men among nations!
Turn your eyes away 'from foreign-
ness and gaze unto oneness, and ho-ld
fast unto the means which conduce to
the tranquillity and security of the
whole World. This span-wide" world is
but one native land and one locality.
Abandon that glory which is the cause
of discord, and turn unto that which
promotes harmony. To the people of
Baha glory is in knowledge, good
deeds, good morals and wisdom--not in
native land, or station. people of
the earth; appreciate the worth' of this
heavenly word, for it is like unto a
ship for the sea of knowledgethe universe of percep-
tion."
But it is explicitly laid down that the
realization of Universal Peace can be at-
tained only through certain conditions
precedent. On this point, quoting from
the writings of Abdul-Baha, he says in
The Mysterious Forces of Civilization:
"When keeping fast hold of the
means of enforcing their views they,
(the rulers and sovereignties of the
world) shall es-ta.b-lish a union of the
the states of the Wo-rld, and conclude a
definite treaty and strict alliance be-
tween them upon conditions not to be
evaded. When the whole race has been
consulted through their representatives
and invited to corroborate this treaty
which verily would be a' treaty' of uni-
versal peace and would be accounted
sacred by all the p-eoples-0-f the earth,
it would be the duty of the united
ppwers of the world to see that this
great treaty sh.ould be strengthened
and should endure.
"-Inisucha universal treaty, the lim-
its of the borders and boundaries of
every state should be fixed, and the
customs and laws of every govern-
ment; all agreements and affairs of
state and the arrangements between
the various governments should be pro-
pounded and settled in _due form; the
size of the armaments of each govern-
ment should likewise be definitely
agreed upon, because if in the case of
any state there were to be an increase
_in the preparation for war, it would be
cause of alarm to the other states.
At any rate, the bases of this power-
ful alliance should be so fixed that, if
one of the states afterwards broke any
of the articles of. it, the rest of the
nations of the world would rise up,
and destroy, it. Yea, the whole human
race would b-and its forces together to
exterminate it."
And again, from the writings of Baha'-
0'llah over fifty years ago it is recorded
as follows:
~"Originally mankind was one fam-
ily, united and compact; later on the
members of this happy family "were
divided and sub-divided through ig-
norance and prejudice. Now the time
has come again for their final unifica-
tion and universal peace will bring the
long-wished for consummation.' 
In 1914, Abdul-B-aha, just prior to the
outbreak of the present war, said:
"By a general agreement all the
governments of the world must disarm
simultaneously. It will not do if one
lays down its arms and the other re-
fuses to do so. The nations of the
world must. concur with each other con-
cerning this supremely important sub-
ject; thus they may aband0n"together~
these deadlyweapons of human slaugh-
ter. ,_As _long.as? one powerincreases
its military on naval -budget, another
power wi1l.be forced into this crazed-
competition through its natural and
supposed .interests. Therefore, the
question of disarmament must be put
into practice by "all the nations and

