STAR OF THE WEST 113
Therefore, arise in the utmost power.
Be" in the utmost unity. Never become
angry with one another. Let your eyes
be directed toward the Kingdom of truth
and not toward the world of creation.
Love the creatures for the sake of God,
not for themselves. You never become
angry if you love them for the sake of
God, because humanity is not perfect.
looks at imperfections. Tl1e that
covers faults looks toward the Creator
of the souls, because He created them
all; trains them all, provides for them.
To all He gives soul and life. He gives
eyes and ears. Therefore, all are the
signs of His grandeur. You must love
all, be kind to all. The poor must be
c.ared for, the weak protected, the sick
5
I
EVERY COUNTRY or government where
any of this community reside the Ba-
hais], they must behave toward that govern-
ment with faithfulness, trustfulness and truth-
fulness. This is that which is revealed from the
Presence of the Ancient Commander! It is obli-
gatory and incumbent on the people of the world
in general, to assist this Most Great 
which has descended from the Heaven of the
WVill of the King of Pre-eXistence--that per-
chance the fire of animosity which is ablaze in
the hearts of some of the nations,. may be
quenched through the water of Divine WlSd0111
and Lordly Commands and Exhortations, and
that the light of union and accord may irradiate
and illumine the regions of the world.
"lords of 
from The Glad T2'dz"n gs.
Undoubtedly, every human being has
imperfection. And you will always be-
come unhappy if you look toward the
people. But if you look toward God,
you will love them and be kind to them
all, because the world of God is the
World of perfection and complete mercy.
Therefore, do not look at the shortcom-
ings of anybody. Look at all with the
sight of forgiveness. The imperfect 
healed, the ignorant taught and edu
cated.
"Therefore, my hope is that the unity
a11d the harmony of the friends of Chi-
cago may become the cause of the unity
of all the friends in America, and all
the people become the recipients of their
courtesy. That is, that they may be-
come the example for all. Then the con-
firmations of the Kingdom of Abha and

