STAR OF THE WEST 159
shining diadem upon his head and With
splendor and glory walked slowly and
majestically, and with perfect calmness,
tranquillity and composure seated him-
self upon the throne. At that moment
the noise of the guns and the music of
the national anthem was raised and the
smoke surrounded the tent and king.
When the air was cleared it was seen
that the king was on his throne and the
ministers, the magistrates and secre-
taries had taken their places according
to their rank. Immediately a thief, cap-
tured by'the police, was brought before
the king and a royal order was issued to
behead him. Then the chief of the ex-
ecutioners took the captive and decapi-
tated him and a red fluid which was like
blood was seen by all the spectators.
While the Sultan was consulting with
some of his ministers the news was
brought in that a certain person had be-
come a rebel. The Sultan issued orders
that several regiments of soldiers and
artillerymen be sent to the scene to quell
the disturbance. After a few minutes
the thunderous noise of guns and artil-
lery was heard behind the tent and we
were told they were engaged in battle.
I became astonished and bewildered at
these affairs. Then the review ended
and the curtain descended.
After twenty minutes a man came out
from behind the tent with a box under
his arm. I asked him, "What is this
box'? Where are the king and all the
men?" He answered that all these
great things and manifest objects, such
as kings, princes and ministers, glory,
1naj_esty, power and sovereignty which
we beheld were enclosed in this box.
I declare by the Lord who has created
all things through his Word that from
that day all the conditions of this world
and its greatness have been like that play
before my eyes. It has not nor will ever
have the weight of a mustard seed. I
wondered greatly that the people should
glorify themselves in these affairs. Not-
withstanding this, the people of insight
will discern with the of certainty
the end of the glory of every great one
before beholding it.
(Baha'o'llah in a letter to the Sultan of
Turkey.)
Tonight I wish to tell you something
of the Bahai history, the history of
Baha'o'llah. The Blessed Perfection be-
longed to the royal family of Persia.
From his earliest childhood he became
distinguished among his relatives and
friends. They remarked: "This child
has extraordinary power of intellect,
wisdom, and innate knowledge." He
was superior to his age and class. All
were astonished. Some remarked!
"Such a precocious child will not sur-
vive for it has been proved that children
who are too precocious do not live long."
Up to the age of maturity the Blessed
Perfection, Baha'o'llah, had not con-
sented to enter any school; he was not
willing to be taught by any teacher.
This fact is well known among all Per-
sians of Teheran. Nevertheless, he
solved the difficult problems of all who
presented them to him. In whatever
meetings, scientific gatherings, or meet-
ings for theological discussions--wher-
ever he was always solved
the abstruse problems presented to him.
Until the father of Baha'o'llah passed
away the Blessed Perfection had not
sought for any position or political situ-
ation. All were surprised at this, that
notwithstanding his connection with the
ministry, he would not accept any posi-
tion. They remarked: "How is it that
a young man so intelligent, so keen, so
perceptive, so conscientious is not a can-
didate for positions of the lucrative
type?" As a matter of fact every posi-
tion was open to him and all the people
of Persia are witnesses to this historic
fact.
He was most generous to all the poor,
he did not refuse anyone who asked of
him. The doors of his house were open
to all. He always had many guests.
This generosity was conducive to great-

