STAR OF THE WEST 197
sixty years ago. The kings did not heed
his admonitions. Let us take heed and
not suffer through disobedience. Had
the kings heeded his Warnings and pro-
tected their subjects, these great calam-
ities of war would not have occurred.
Do not teach the youth the prejudices of
past ages. Baha'o'1lah has revealed the
means 0-f harmony and happiness for the
whole World. In but a short time his
teachings have spread throughout the
world. The Divine Manifestation is the
only one who can change the hearts of
men and accomplish this marvelous
Work. Man, in order to know and have
peace, must fill his heart with love. Love
is the creator of peace. Let us conquer
ourselves. The Bab said, man can
conquer the East and the West, but can-
not conquer himself.' Let us be brave
and give the message. We follow the
Master who is brave and unconquer-
able."
A commune, the latest Writing re-
ceived in America from the pen of Ab-
dul-Baha-, was read. Dr. Bagdadi ex-
plained how it reached America. Abdul-
Baha selected a small, weak Arab, Hadji
Ramazan, who is nearly blind, and who
was without money or transportation to
carry this holy tablet from the Holy
Land to Persia. He walked from Haifa
to the capital of Persia. It took him two
months to reach there. He rested ten
days and then started back. From Per-
sia it came to America by mail. Thus an
humble, Weak instrument, through the
Power of God, can accomplish a great
work. 
The Holy Word is found elsewhere in
this issue (see page 194.)
Mr. Albert R. Windust spoke, his sub-
ject being, "The Birth of the New Era."
He quoted the Words of Baha'o'llah
from the Surat'ul 'ylcZ:
"The fecundation of Bounty has been
wafted over all things in this day and
everything has generated and brought
forth its own kind; but verily the ma-
jority of the people have turned away
from it. The trees bring forth the beau-
tiful fruit; the Seas the brilliant pearls;
man knowledge and science; the uni-
verse, the transfiguration of the Merci-
ful; and the earth, that which no one
comprehendeth save the True One, the
knower of secrets and unseen things."
Mr. Windust said, "In the Writings of
Baha'o'llah the Word 'Bounty' is un-
usual and significant. Bounty is from
above upon every plane of existence.
The bounty of the animal plane descends
to the vegetable. The bounty of the
divine plane descends to man. If man
attains to any knowledge or science it is
from the divine bounty. Man of himself
cannot lift himself up. The 'fecundation
of bounty' has raised up a new era. Dur-
ing the past four hundred 
the time Columbus demonstrated that the
world was round--wonderful discoveries
have occurred. The divine bounty
flowed into minds and exploration devel-
oped, science unfolded, literature ex-
panded, art--especially the art of music
--became manifest to welcome the birth
of the new era. The student of musical
history speaks of one hundred years ago
as the golden age of music. At that
time Baha'o'llah was born, and then the
bounty of God, of Divinity, descended
into the hearts of men. What a won-
derful period of preparation preceded
his advent! Consider also the
period between 1817 and 184.el--what a
time of religious excitement it wasl The
'gales of the All-Glorious' were passing
over, when on May 23d, 1844, the Bab- de-
clared his mission, Abdul-Baha was born,
and the first telegraph message to pass in
the twinkling of an between men at
a distance, read, 'What hath God
wrought!' The prophet Nahum (2 4)
declared that 'in the day of his prepara-
tion, the fir trees shall be terribly shaken'
--the fir forests of Europe and America
were depleted in the nineteenth century,
to build the towns, railroads, streets,
telegraph lines, etc.--and 'chariots shall
rage in the streets, they shall jostle one
against another in the broadways, they
shall seem like torches, they shall run

