STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post ofiice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3. 1879
Edilorial R. WINDUST-- GERTRUDE DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary AHMAD SOHRAB
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add sufiicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S. A-
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS coo! 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst, thou continue to ren1a1i_1 firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshak_ab1e, become the of the attention
of th fr' cl th enter of the enerosit of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the en th
iensan ec. ov an,1n 
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves 0f_ the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet' all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
'/1717111883 
ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Vol. i Masheyat 1, 73 (September 27, 1917) i No. 11
pathy"? Then all the stars will sing thy
praise!
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab, June 10, 1914.)
ii.
Though I speak with the tongues of
men and of angels, and have not' love, I
am become as sounding brass, or a tink-
ling cymbal. And though I have the
gift of pro-phecy a.nd understand all
mysteries and all knowledge; and
though I have all faith, so that I could
remove mountains, and have not love,
I am nothing. And though I bestow all
my goods to feed the poor and though I
give my body to be burned, and have not
love, it profiteth me nothing. . . .
Now abideth faith, hope, love, these
three; but the greatest of these is love.
(I. Oorinthrians, 13; 1-13.)
Vllhen the Arabs observed Mohammed 's
charity toward the orphans and unpro-
tected, his extreme simplicity and demo-
cratic attitude toward all mankind, they
used to say: "He is in love with his
Maker." One of the sayings of the
Prophet (Mohammad) is: "Do you love
your Creator? Love .your fellow be-
ings first." In another place he says:
"That man who is most considerate of
his kind is the favorite of God." In
another place he says: "How do you
think God will know you when you are
in His presence"? By your love of your
your kin, of your neigh-
bors, of your fellow-creatures." . . .
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab, October 2, 1913.)
were commanded by Baha'o'llah
to assist all the communities. without the
exclusion of any one. \Ve do not con-
sider their deeds and actions. Vile never
lose sight of the fact that mankind are
the children of God and their wants
must be relieved Without distinction of
race o-r religion.
(Abdul-Ba-ha: Diary of Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab>>, January 27, 1914.)
In every dispensation the command
of friendship and the law of love have
been revealed, but it has been circum-
scribed within the circle of the believ-
ing friends and not with contrary ene-
mies. Praise be to God, that in this
Wonderful cycle the laws of God are not
confined within any limitations, neither
must they be exercised toward a. special
community to the exclusion of another.
He hath commanded all the friends to
show love, Friendship, amity and kind-
to all the people of the world.
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab, July 26, 1913.)
it

