STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, S15 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post office at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879
Editorial ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary AHMAD SOHRAB
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy 
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add suflicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
V01. VII1 Elm 1, 73 (October 16, 1917) I I WIND. 12
The coming Convention of Teaching at Chicago, Nov. 12
LETTER ISSUED BY THE HOUSE OF SPIRITUALITY
Dea.r Bahai Friends 
As the day approaches fo-r the celebration of the one hundredth anniversary
of the birth of Biaha '0 'l1ah, there has awakened Within the hearts of the believers
a fervent desire to make the occasion not only a time of great rejoicing, but the
beginning of greater service to the Bahai Cause, that the whole world may know
of the mission of the Manifestation and the presence among us of the Center
of the Covenant, Abdul-Balia.
It will be remembered, that the Teaching Tablets received in August, 1916,
Were -a distinct call to service to the various sections of the United States and
Canada. Friends arose in response to that call. The Message has been carried
far--into every state in the Union and many new Assemblies have been created.
Notwithstanding the extent of the work already accomplished, we are deeply
conscious of our failure to reach that high standard of effective service set for
us by Abdul-Baha. An_d some of us are asking ourselves vital questions that
must be answered before the truth of the Revelation of Baha'o'llah shall pene-
trate the hea-rt of America:
How shall we respond to the -emphatic call of Abdul-Baha?
How shall we spread broadcast over America this Message of Light and Life?
How shall we carry conviction of its essential truth into the millions of
human hearts? 
I-low, in this day of prodigious achievement, shall the Revelation of Baha-o'-
llah be presented, to fulfill the requirements of so tremendous a Message, in
so tremendous an age'?
I-Iow shall the work of teaching be carried forward into potential centers of
innumerable Assemblies?
Briefly, ho-W shall we spread the Message into every corner of America?
In contemplating the work before us, it has been thought by the members of
the House of Spirituality, that more effective service can be rendered to the
Cause, should the Bahais of the central states, our particular field of action, come
together, into a closer union, of which every center shall be a working unit.
We believe the permanent work of spreading the great Cause is of supreme
importance. And no more fitting memo-rial can there be to Baha'o-'llah than the
achievement of a strongly unified movement for its pro-motion.
So, looking toward this end, let representatives from every Assembly of the
middle west meet in convention, in Chicago, during the coming celebration of the

