STAR OF THE WEST 97
pear, and a new cycle is founded. The
appearance of the Holy Spirit is like
this. Whenever it appears, it renews
the world of humanity and gives a new
spirit to the human realities; it arrays
the world of existence in a praiseworthy
garment, dispels the darkness of ignor-
ance, a.nd causes the radiation of the
light' of perfections.
(W0-rds of Abdul-Baha: Some An-
swered Questions; pp. 163-166.)
There is a wonderful power and
strength which belongs to the human
spirit, but it must receive confirmation
from the Holy Spiritaided by the bounty of the Holy Spirit,
it will show great power, it will discover
realities, it will be informed of the mys-
teries. Direct all the attention to the
Holy Spirit, and call the attention of
every soul to it. Then you will see won-
derful signs. . . .
(Ab dul-Baha.)
Ye shall receive power when the Holy
Spirit is come upon you.
("lords of Jesus. Acts 
. . . The human body is in need of
material force, but the spirit has need
of the Holy Spirit. We1"e it not for
-the protection of the Holy Spirit the
human world would be extinguished. His
Holiness Jesus Christ declared, "Let the
dead bury the dead." This statement
of His Holiness indicates, "That which
is b-or11 of the flesh is flesh, and that
which is born of the spirit is spirit,"
and it becomes manifest that the human
spirit which is not protected beneath the
Holy Spirit is dead. It is clear that the
human spirit is in need of the resuscita-
tion of the Holy Spirit, otherwise,
though 'materially advanced, man can-
.not attain full and complete progress."
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Star of the
West; Vol. 5, No. 7, p. 106.)
The power of the Holy Spirit enlight-
ening man 's intelligence has enabled him
to discover means of bending many nat-
ural laws to his will. He flies through
the air, floats on the sea, and even moves
under the waters. . . . The Holy
Spirit' will give to man greater powers
than these if only he will strive after
the things of the Spirit and endeavor to
attune his heart to the divinely infinite
love.
(Wo1*ds of Abdul-Baha: Talks Given
in Paris; p. 15.)
The human spirit is a power which
comprehends the realities of things. All
that thou seest, such as arts, inventions,
traces and discoveries were once in the
realm of the unknown and were a hid-
den matter. But the human spirit dis-
covered such hidden mysteries and
brought them out of the sphere of the
unknown into the world of visibility.
For instance, the power of steam, pho-
tography, phonography, telegraphy and
mathematical problems were all once
hidden mysteries and unknown secrets.
But the human spirit discovered such
invisible mysteries and brought them
from the hidden into the visible world.
Consequently it is evident that the hu-
man spirit is a comprehensive energy
and controls the realities o-f things and
discovers the hidden secrets in the do-
main of the physical world. But the
divine Spirit discovereth divine realities
and cosmic mysteries in the realm of the
divine world. I hope thou mayest' attain
to the divine Spirit, discover the mys-
teries of the divine world and compre-
hend the secrets of the physical world.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From Tablet
translated by Mirza Ali Kuli Khan, No-
vember, 1907.)
There are several kinds of light.
First, there is the visible light of the
sun by whose aid we can discern the
beauties of the world around us. With-
out' this we could see nothing. Never-
theless, though it is the function of this
light to make things visible to us it can-
not give us the power to see them or
understand what their various charms

