STAR OF THE WEST
"W'e desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of afiection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened,
that diversity of religion shall cease and dilferences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes;
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Mulk l, 73 (February 7, 1918) No. 18
The Divine Art of Living
A COMPILATION BY MRS. MARY M. RABB
(Chapter I appeared in issue No. 16; Chapter II in No. 18, Vol. VII--Chapter appeared in issue
N0. 2; Chapter IV in No. 4; ChapterV in No. 6; ChapterV1 in No. 8; first portion
of Chapter VII in No. 10, continued in N0. 11, Vol. 
CHAPTER 
Spiritual Healing
I EALING comes from God. If the
heavenly benediction be upon us
while we are being healed then only
can we be truly healed. All depends upon
God. Medicine is merely an outward form
or means by which We obtain heavenly
healing. \7Vitl1out the heavenly benedic-
tion it is worth nothing. If man looks at
the nature of the world around him he
will see that all created beings are de-
pendent upon something; i. man is de-
pendent for his life upon the air which
he breathes, likewise the animals which
are upon the earth, and each created be-
ing is dependent for its life upon some
material circumstances. Man, therefore,
and all creatures are prisoners of nature.
The sun must follow its law; the earth
must follow its law of motion, and so also
the sea. But by the spiritual power oi'
God which, through his bounty, he has
bestowed upon man alone, man is enabled
to transcend the laws of nature in many
and wonderful ways.~ It is the law of
nature that man should walk upon the
earth; but he transcends this law, for he
sojourns upon the water and also flies
like the bird through the air.
Through the wonderful spiritual pow-
er which God gives to man he is enabled
to reach the Kingdom. But behold! man
is not grateful and is careless of the
great mercy which God has shown him.
(Abdul-Baha: Star of the West; Vol. 2,
No. 16, p. at.)
maid-servant of God, there are two
kinds of disease, spiritual and physical.
Physical diseases are cured by medicine
and the essence of shrubs and plants.
Diseases which are caused by the emo-
tions of the mind are cured by the power
of the spirit of man. But the power of
the divine spirit dominates all the bod-
ily ailments and those of the mind. When
the spirit of man is confirmed and as-
sisted by the confirmations of the Holy
Spirit, then it will show its efiect in
every condition in the world of existence.
As to mental healing,--it also has an
efiect because some reflections are pro-
duced b-et-we-on the hearts by the power
of concentration, From this power of
concentration impressions are produced
and healing or relief is realized from
these impressio-ns.
(Ab dul-Ba-ha.)
Between material things and spiritual
things there is a connection. The more
healthful his body the greater will be

