206 STAR OF
say, 'You must not write such things
to me.' But the heart 0-f my father
could not keep quiet. Once he Wrote:
Dawning-place of the Beauty of God,
I know thee.
Though thou Wrappest thyself in ten
thousand veils I know thee.
Though thou shouldst Wear the tatters of
a beggar still would I know thee'."
 i
We spoke of having read so many
tablets in which We Were told that Abdul-
Baha should be known only by the name
of "Abdul-Baha." Monaver Khanum,
the daughter of Ab dul-Baha, said that
Baha'o '1lah called him "Master." And
every prophet, after proclaiming his mis-
sion, adopts a name. Moses spoke of
himself as the Interlocutor; Christ of
himself as the Son of God; and Abdul-
Baha calls himself the Servant of God.
(Flowers from the Rose Garden of
Acca, p. 8.)
iiZ* 
During the lifetime of the Blessed Per-
fection, the Master, one day, was going
to Tyre. He Wanted to take me With
him; so he sent me to Bahajee [the
house of Baha'o'l1ah] to fulfill some
errand. When I reached there the
Blessed Perfection sent for me. "Where
are you going? he asked.
"The Master is going to take me to
Tyre," I answered.
"Very Well; always listen to the Mas-
THE WEST
ter. T/Vhatever the Master speaks, I
speak; and Whatever I speak, the Master
speaks. . . . 
'Whenever the Master came from Ace-a
to Bahajee, Baha'o']lah would see him
from his Window and then call aloud to
his sons and secretaries: "The Master
is coming! The Master is coming!
Everyone must hurry downstairs and out
in the field to welcome him."
(Vilords of Abul Kasim: Diary of
Mirza Sohrab, December 15, 1913. Abul
Kasim is the gardener of the Rizwan,
the Wonderful garden just outside of
Acca.)
 
At another time the Blessed Perfection
instructed the gardener, Abul Kasim, to
attend to some business for him, he and
the Master both being in the R-izwan.
The Master, meeting Abul Kasim just
afterward, instructed him to go to Acca
and bring them some food for supper.
The gardener sought Baha'o'llah and
asked that he might tell him of the Mas-
ter's command. Baha'o'lla.h said in re-
ply to Abul Kasim: "That is well. You
must go. You must do everything that
the Master says. Everything the Master
says is just the same as if I said ithe. There is no dif-
ference between my commands and the
commands of the Master."
(Notes of Mrs. I. D. Brittingham, Sep-
tember, 1901.)
THE GREATEST BRANCH
Kitab-el-Akdas was revealed by Baha'-
o'llah, the Manifestation, soon after his
arrival at Acca, and is the greatest
Book. . . . The statutes and laws were
given in the Kvlta-b-cl-Aladas. In this
Book is mentioned everything that is
necessary for us, and in two places he
says: "After the S-un of Truth sets,
we must turn our faces unto 'Him-whom-
God-hath-chosen,' who is branched from
the Ancient Root;" and in another
place: "Anything you do not under-
stand from the Book, must be submitted
to the great chosen One." Nothing
whatever is mentioned in the Book con-
cerning any other one save the Greatest
Branch, and if you read from the be-
ginning to the end, you cannot find any-
thing that refers to any other person
save him. Although it was known to
all the believers that the Greatest Branch
was Abdul-Baha, at the time of the
Manifestation if any one pronounced the
word "Agha" (Lord or Master), and

