220 STAR OF
in the future; therefo-re, give your ut-
most attention to this question. Con-
sider that the words of Mirza Ali Akbar
[a Bahai teacher] were so effective be-
cause he is firm in the Covenant.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Extract from
Tablet translated July 4, 1913.)
 -ii
You have written that "We all pray
that we and all the friends everywhere
be favored with the Will of the Center
of the Covenant, which is by itself, the
good of the whole world, the eternal
glory and life (for humanity)." This
statement plainly shows that, thank God,
you are firm in the Covenant. Today
whosoever is firm in the Covenant is
helped by the hosts of angels, and
favored with the Spirit of God. Wher-
ever he may be, he will shine forth like
unto a bright star. This has been ex-
perienced by some. But, if he hesitates,
although he may make great noises, yet
he is in evident loss in the end.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Extract from
Tablet, received September 7, 1914, by
a London Bahai.)
As to thee, thou who art confessing
the oneness of God! arise with all thy
power to keep firm in the Testament of
God, and firmly believe that, verily, all
troops are defeated save those of the
Testament and all banners are reversed,
save those of the Covenant of God,
which will wave over all horizons and
will overshadow the hosts of spirit, love
and peace, while agitated by the breeze
of the favor of God. Be thou of this
great host and among the vanguard of
this great and powerful army. (P. 108.)
"Leave them to amuse themselves with
their own vain discourses," and turn
thou to the light of the Testament, and
rejoice at the bounty of the effulgence,
and seek shelter under the shadow of the
standard of the Covenant. Thou Wilt
THE WEST
soon find it fluttering on the highest
summits of glory, surrounded by the
valiant hosts of the angels of heaven and
assisted by, spiritual armies of great
number that proceed from the Supreme
Concourse. (P. 72.)
Be ye assured with the greatest assur-
ance that, verily, God will help those who
are firm in His Covenant in every mat-
ter, through His confirmation and favor,
the lights of which will shine forth unto
the east of the earth, as well as the west
thereof. He will make them the signs
of guidance among the creation and as
shining and glittering stars from all
horizons. (P. 83.)
Soon the lights will glisten and the
Sun of Truth will shine with a burning
ray in that country. At that time the
maid-servants who are firm and constant
will rejoice; while every doubtful soul
who wavers will regret. Woe unto him!
Woe unto him! in that day wherein the
beloved will attain joy by the surround-
ing Kingdom of thy Lord, the Precious,
the Beneficent. Verily, the end is for
them who are ushered into the tent of
the Covenant of thy merciful Lord.
(P. 96.)
Be Well watered with the abundant
rain falling from the clouds of the Tes-
tament of God. (P. 131.)
(Tablets of Abdul-Bah-av: Pages indi-
cated, Volume 1.)
Therefore, roll up thy sleeves to serve
the Covenant, make the hearts firm in
the Covenant of the beloved Lord, cre-
ate harmony and agreement among the
believers. . . . . Verily, I send thee
good news of the confirmation which
thou shalt receive . . . . if thou wilt
arise with all thy power to assist the
Testament of God and to serve the Cove-
nant of God.
(Tablets of ,Abdul-Baha: Vol. 1,
p. 161.)

