10 STAR OF THE VVECT
Mr. Randall in Montreal
SATURDAY noon, February 24th, Mr.
'William H. Randall spoke before the
l\Ien's Club of Canada upon the- Bahai
movement and its gospel of universal
brotherhood; 1,700 men were present.
At the close of Mr. Randall 's stirring
address the president of the club asked
for a rising vote of thanks, saying that
too litt'le of the spiritual side of our
natures was manifest. In the after-
noon Mr. Randall spoke before the Wom-
an"s Club of Canada. In the evening
an impromptu meeting was arranged by
members of these two clubs, at which
Mr. Randall spoke further of the cre-
a.tive Words of Baha'o'llah. As he says,
"The light of the Covenant shines over
Montreal." His visit recalls the splen-
did reception accorded Abdul-Baha
when he visited Montreal in 1912.
It shows us further how the spiritual
seed which Mrs. May Maxwell has been
planting in her own inimitable Way is
now bearing radiant fruit. It sho-Ws also
how the Montreal assembly because of
its beautiful unity in the bond of love
is laying" the foundation of the king-
dom of brotherhood and peace which is
to be.
Mrs. Brittingham in Ariz0na--Paragraphs
from a Letter
WHILE visiting friends in Douglas,
Arizona, Miss Bailey, a. member of
the San Francisco assembly, met a 
an who had heard the message in Chicago
years before. Early on the morning of
my arrival there, this dear newly-found
Bahai sister came to me and arranged
for an open meeting to be held the next
Saturday night at the Y, C. A. club
rooms. The members had just estab-
lished an open forum and this was the
first date of its observance. Then this
dear sister opened her home and during
the two weeks of my stay in Douglas a
number of beautiful meetings and per-
sonal interviews Were held. The result
was that, in Douglas, the first Bahai
assembly of Arizona has been estab-
lished.
At Pearce, a small mining town, one
minister, a broad-minded and spiritual
man, invited me to give the principles
of the Bahai movement in his church
on Sunday evening. The following
morning I had a. brief but delightful
call from him, at which time he gave
me a letter of introduction to a brother
clergyman in Tucson.
In Bisbee, several small meetings
were held in homes. At one of them,
there were nine guests, seven of whom
were Mormons. One of these had brought
a Mormon preacher to institute an argu-
ment. The argument occurred, but the
Beloved Was present in spirit and every-
thing Was so touched by that love that
there existed only perfect harmony!
After the meeting, the Mormon preacher
came to me, acknowledging "that I had
something," and asked for literature.
In Phoenix, one of Miss Bailey's let-
ters of introduction brought to us an in-
vitation to the home of some lovely
Christian Scientists, to meet at dinner
the Governor of Arizona. and his wife,
and several Well known New York City
people. All were interested in the mes-
sage. Our hostess opened her home one
afternoon and called a number of her
friends to hear the glad tidings. The
governor's wife was present and brought
the wife of the go-vernor's private secre-
tary. This secretary is the brother of
our own dear Isabel Fraser.
About a hundred and fifty souls in
Arizona, some in groups, some individu-
ally, have heard the message, and now
the ground has just been broken for
other traveling teachers to- accomplish
a fuller work in the glorious Cause of
God.
Isabella D. Brrittiozgham.

