STAR OF THE WEST 235
My son, despis-e not thou the chasten-
ing of the Lord, nor faint when thou art
rebuked of him: For whom the Lord
loveth he ichasteneth, and scourgeth
every son whom he receiveth.
If ye endure chastening, God dealeth
with you as with sons; for what son is he
whom the father chasteneth not? . . . . .
Furthermore we have had fathers of
our flesh which co-rrected us, and we
gave them reverence: shall we not much
rather be in subjection unto the Father
of spirits, and live?
For they verily for a few days chast-
ened us after their own pleasures; but
he for our profit, that we might be par-
takers of his holiness.
Now no chastenirig for the present
seemeth to be joyous, but grievous: nev-
ertheless afterward it yieldeth the peace-
able fruit of righteousness unto them
which are exercised thereby.
(Hebrews 12 
Thou hast questioned concerning or-
deals and difficulties and catastrophies:
"Are these from God or the result of
man's (own) evil deeds?"
Know thou that ordeals are of two
kinds: One kind is for trial (to test the
soul), and the other is punishment for
actions. ("As a man soweth so shall he
also reap.") That which is for testing
is educational and developmental and
that which is the punishment of deeds is
severe retribution.
The father and the teacher sometimes
humor the children and then again dis-
cipline them. This discipline is for ed-
ucational purposes and is indeed to give
them true happiness; it is absolute kind-
ness and true providence. Although in
appearance it is wrath yet in reality it
is kindness. Although outwardly it is
an ordeal yet inwardly it is purifying
water.
Verily, in both cases we must suppli-
cate and implore and commune to the
divine Threshold in order to be patient
in ordeals.
(Abdul-Baha: Fro-m Tablet to Portland,
Oregon, believer; translated July 27,
1909.)
Our light affliction, which is for a
moment, worketh for us a far more
exceeding and eternal weight of glory;
while we look not at the things which
are seen, but at the things which are not
seen; for the things which are seen are
temporal; but the things which are not
seen are eternal.
(II Cor. 4:17.)
ye friends o-f God! The joy and
happiness of the people of faithfulness
consist in serving the Threshold of the
Most High and turning their fa.ces to the
Kingdom of Abha. The hope of the lov-
ers is self-sacrificing and the yearning of
the longing ones is self-effacement and
evanescence. For love is an irresistible
power and an inextinguishable confia-
gration and the mirror of the love of
God is the great There-
fore, the sanctified souls and the Man-
ifestations of God yearned for self-abne-
gation and attainment to the city of
They gave up their lives,
experienced exile and banishment, en-
dured persecution and dire calamities,
became subject to imprisonment and
bondage and the targets of the arrows
of oppression and objects of the sword
of malice. They did not complain;
neither did they become disheartened.
They drank the cup of from
the hand of the Cup-bearer of Provi-
dence and tasted with the greatest joy
the sweetness of annihilation. They
found not a moment -of rest. They sought
not an instant of tranquillity. They
withstood the persecution of the enemies
and became the centers of the derision
and scofifing of the people of envy. They
sacrificed their homes and property and
became homeless and wanderers. They
experienced not one hour of safety nor
a day of repose of mind and body. This

