1l6 STAR OF
the stars, and we behold not the stars
for we have the dawn of the day."
Among the stories relating to the
Mashrak-el-Azkar, Roy C. Wilhelm gave
the following: "Abdul-Baha told the
story of the rich man who gave all he
had; and he told about the widow Who
was left with two children to support
and who supported them by knitting
socks, and that 0-f every pair of socks she
knit, one went to the suppo-rt of her-
self and her children and the other went
to the building of the Mashrak-el-Azkar;
and he turned and said, 'These are the
things that will build the Mashrak-el-
Azkar in America.' 
Relative to certain matters which came
up, Mr. A. WV. Randall quoted the fol-
lo-wing words from Abdul-Baha: "There
are no officers in this Cause. I do not
and have not appointed any one to- per-
form any special services, but I encour-
age every one to engage in the service of
the Kingdom. The foundation of this
Cause is purely a democracy, and not a
theocracy. 
Greatest Name Used for Applause.
An innovation at the convention was
that instead of clapping to show appre-
ciation, the friends were asked to- use the
Greatest Name.
Suggestion: VVho will write a good
article for the People
are turning to them for facts about the
Bahai movement.
It was moved and carried that Dr.
Bagdadi and M. Kalanter translate the
desires of Abdul-Baha on the conduct
of assemblies a.nd the five things its com-
mittee of consultation should do and that
this be published in the STAR OF THE

Mr. Frank E. Osborne 'read a complete
Bahai calendar 011 which he has been
Working for the past four or five years.
Abdul-Baha gave it his verbal sanction.
It was referred to the executive board.
Dr. Hills Cole- presented a. resolution
which was passed that the Bahai Temple
*See page 112.
THE WEST
Unity of America express its sympathy
with Esperantists throughout the world
in the loss of leadership sustained by
them 'through the recent death of Dr.
Zamenhof, desiring to join with them in
paying tribute to -the aspirations and
endeavors of this true lover and advocate
of universal peace, and commend to
Bahais everywhere active participation
in the work which, under God, Dr. Zam-
enhof wa.s permitted to bring to so ad-
vanced la stage of fruition.
Membership of Executive Board.
The membership of the executive
board for the coming year consists of
Mr. 'Wm. H. Randall, chairman; Mr. Roy
C. Wilhelm, Mr. Albert H. Hall, Mrs.
Corinne True, Mr. Harlan F. Ober, M.
Eshte'al-Ebn Kalanter, Mrs. A. Par-
sons, Mr. Alfred E. Lunt, and Mrs. H.
Emogene I-Ioagg.
The chairman of the board read the
words of Abdul-Baha: "In meetings of
consultation the majority -should rule,
but it is far preferable that there should
be such unity that there be no majority,
that all should be of one mind.
"In the election of the House of Spir-
ituality (Spiritual Assembly of Consul-
tation) no political tactics shall enter.
They must be free from self, not anxious
to further their own personal ambitions.
The existence of the Spiritual Assembly
is for no other purpose than to discuss
those means which would further the
promotion of the Cause; or otherwise its
non-existence is better than its exist-
ence. . . .
"The apostles of Christ never devised
any political schemes whereby to win the
majority of votes. The result is that
when we mention the names of John, of
Peter, of Matthew, a wonderful spirit-
uality is obtained, the hearts are in-
spired and the souls rejoiced. The dis-
ciples were not politicians, they were
harbingers of the glad tidings of the
Kingdom. They did not know anything
about elections, votes>>, initiative and ref-
erendum. They knew Him only. Sim-

