38 STAR OF THE WEST
themselves no richer for you." There
came a little tap- at the door, and there
on the threshold stood the little chamber-
maid. Her eyes were glistening with
tears, and in a sort of wonder and obliv-
ious to the rest of us, she walked straight
up to Abdul-Baha. I came to say good-
bye, sir," she said, timidly and brokenly,
"and to thank you for all your goodness
to me. I never expected such goodness, and
to ask you to pray for me!" Her
head bowed, her voice broke, she turned
and went out quickly.
Abdul-Baha took me back to supper
with him. A's We drove up B-roadway,
that crudely glittering street, flashing
with electric advertisements, he spoke to
us smilingly: "Baha'o'llah," he said,
"loved light. He could never get enough
light. He taught us to economize in
everything else, but to use light freely."
"It is marvelous," I said, "to be driv-
ing through this glitter of light, by the
side of the Eternal Light."
"This is nothing," he answered "this
is only the beginning. We will be to-
gether in all the worlds of God. You
cannot realize what that means; you can-
not imagine it; you can form no concep-
tion here--here, in this elementary world
--of what it will be to be with me in the
eternal world!"
May 22nd.'
Oh, those mornings at the Hotel An-
sonia in the flower-filled rooms! Abdul-
Baha would invariably keep me all the
morning, calling me again and again to
him. People thronged there, sometimes
one hundred and fifty in a morning. Sit-
ting in" the outer room I would watch
them go in, and come out all different-
as if they had had a bath of 
ened, quickened or like candles that had
been lighted.
June 12th.
Today I went up early to his house,
but not early enough. As I turned into
78th streetthe
block on his Way to the garden, his turban
a dazzling spot in the sunlight, his robes
floating out with great grace as he
walked.
Later on he returned. Miss Buckton
had arrived by this time, with a poor,
little waif of humanity, a ewess. She
was all in black, this poor child, with a.
pale face, careworn and tearstained.
I had been in the kitchen with Lua
Getsinger. I came out upon a scene dom-
inated by Abdul-Baha. He was sitting
as -usual in the Window, the strong carv-
ing of his face thrown into high relief
by masses of shadow, his turba.n and
white aba bright in the sunlight. On
one side, sat Miss Buckton, on the other
this poor stricken child, while the biggest
tears I have ever seen splashed from her
eyes. She told him her unspeakably dis-
mal story.
"Don 't grieve, now, don't grieve," he
said. He was very, very still, and I
think he was calming her.
"My brother has been in prison for
three years. He was imprisoned un-
justly. It was not his "fault. He was led,
he was weak, a victim of others. He has
four more years to serve. My father and
mother are depressed all the time. My
brother-in-law, who was our support, has
just died."
There it was, the sum of human misery:
poverty, weakness, disgrace, sorrow, de-
spair, and the mounting pall of gloom.
"You must trust in God, said Abdul-
Baha.
"But the more I trust, the worse things
become."
"You have never trusted."
"But my mother reads the Psalms
all the time; she doesn't deserve that God
should desert her so. I read the Psalms
ninety-first Psalm and the
twenty-third Psalm every night before
I go to bed. I pray too."
"To pray is not to read Psalms. To
pray is to trust in God, and to- be submis-
sive in all things to Him. Be submissive,
then things will change for you. Put
your family in God's hands. Love God 's
will. Strong ships are not conquered
by the sea,-they ride the waves. Now
b-e a strong ship, not a battered one."

