STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of afiection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened,
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So 1t shall be; these fruitless strifes;
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Massa'u1 1, 73 (December 12, 1917) No. 15
"Concerning the Station of this Servant, the
answer is: 'Abdul-Baha' 
Before Baha'o'llah's ascension into- the City of Eternal Light he wrote a
glorious Tablet called "The Book of the Covenant." In this he appointed his
eldest son, whom he loved to call the Master, to be the Center of this Covenant.
Thisson in his pure selflessness and evanescence renounced the title of Master,
laid aside his given name and took the name of Servant, that is, Abdul-Baha, the
Servant of Baha'. There is nothing about Abdul-Baha more wonderful than his
servitude. To those whose spiritual eyes Godhas opened, his presence is glorious
in its majesty, his face brilliant with love, his words luminous with wisdom and
beauty, his whole being vibrant with the vital force of the Holy Spirit. Yet he
seems as unconscious of his powers as though he did not know of his own existence.
Because the Servant of Baha' is selfless he is able to reflect the truth, the
love, the unity 0-f the new era. For this reason was he chosen to be the Center
of the new order, the new Covenant. In that Covenant God makes an agreement
with men which is that if men will follow His will, His law, His divine love as
revealed in the Manifestation of His Holy Spirit in this age "the world of war
shall become the world of peace, the world of darkness, the world of light, all
the nations of the world as one nation, all races as one race, the earth, heaven,
and the world of satan the world of angels;" and mankind shall then enter the
Kingdom prepared for them from the foundations of the world. But the Center
of this new-Covenant, this new world-order is Abdul-Baha. In him and his words
are focused in life-imparting glory the light of the new City of God.
--Thc Compiler.
THE MASTER
FATHER l" said Valiolah
Khan, the son of the glorious
Persian martyr, "Was much with
Baha'o'llah. One night Baha'o'llah, as
he strode back and forth in his room,
said to him: 'At stated periods souls
are sent to earth by the Creator with
what we call the Power of the Great
Ether (Holy Spirit). And those who
possess this power can do anything; they
have all power. . . . Jesus Christ
had this power. The people thought him
a poor young man whom they had cruci-
fied but he possessed the power of the
Holy Spirit; therefore he could not re-
main underground. This ethereal power
arose and quickened the world. And now
look to the Master,' said Baha'o'1lah,
'for this power is his.'
"Baha'o'llah," added Valiolah Khan,
"taught my father much about the Mas-
ter. The Master, you know, is one of
the titles of Abdul-Baha, and the Great-
est Branch is another. Baha'o'llah, the
Blessed Perfection, revealed the station
of Abdul-Baha to my father; and my
father wrote many poems to the Master,
though the Master would chide him and

