174 STAR OF
of fleas hiding in the am'buscade of the
fur attacked me and tried their best to
defeat me, but I defeated them by turn-
ing the coat and covering myself- With the
other side. For one hour I slept, then
the wily, indomitable fleas found their
way again to the inner side. Every night
I had recourse to this maneuvering
eight or ten times. Notwithstanding this
I was far happier and more joyful at
that time than now, sleeping on this fine
bed!
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Sohrab,
July 17, 1913.)

When We Were imprisoned in the mili-
tary barracks of Acca there Was a small
primitive bath in which the Blessed Per-
fection took an occasional bath. When
the time arrived for our departure from
the barracks we rented a very small
house in the town. It Was a two-story
house having two rooms on the lower and
four rooms on the upper floor, but they
were small indeed.
On the other hand, our party consisted
of many people, and we wondered how
all these Souls could be accommodated
in this small house. Finally thirteen of
us agreed to live in one room. We lived
and slept and worked in this one small
room. We lived in this house for Well-
nigh twenty years. It so happened that
although the house was small yet it con-
tained some sort of a bath, and so the
Blessed Perfection could use it as often
as he wished.
At the end of twenty years we rented
a much larger house, but it had no b-ath.
\/Ve Went to Baha'o'1lah and asked per-
mission to build one. The more I begged
the stronger was his refusal. I said:
"With only fifty pounds a little com-
fortable bath can be built." But he did
not give his consent. Finally a month
passed and I was quite worried. At last
I went to an Arab friend and borrowed
from him two-hundred and fifty pounds-
at two per cent.
This money I took to a merchant who
was in former times a grain dealer, but
THE WEST
no-W out of Work. I said to- him: "We
will enter into a partnership, I to fur-
nish the capital, you the labor. With
this fund you will deal four months in
grain. After paying off all the expenses
of rent, etc., and receiving your 
salary, we will divide the net profit; one-
third for you and two-thirds for me."
We entered into this agreement and en-
gaged in business-. After four months
we cleared our accounts. I paid the debt
with its two per cent, the merchant re-
ceived.his one-third of the net profit, all
the other expenses were defrayed, and
eighty pounds left in the balance for me.
With that sum then, I built a bath in
the house which is kept intact to the
present day.
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Sohrab,
August 5, 1913.)

The house of Baha'o'llah (in Acca)
was, in the beginning, two houses. At
first the Blessed Perfection lived in one
of them; after some years the other,
fronting on the sea, was added to the
first; and as they were built side by side,
the partition was taken away. Thus from
the older house, Baha'o'llah moved into
the newer one, which has a most sublime,
uninterrupted View of the sea, and took
the room the veranda of which I see
from my window. It is said that often
in the mornings, and almost always in
the afternoons, the Blessed Perfection
used to walk on the veranda; the be-
lievers and pilgrims, knowing the cus-
tom, would come and walk in the neigh-
borhood and if he desired to see any
of them he would beckon to them with
his blessed hands. It is now the room
in the older house that Abdul-Baha is
living in. Both houses are large, and
although their architecture is not mod-
er11 yet they are the best houses in Acca
with regard to position, outward ap-
pearance and inside accommodations.
(Mirza Sohrab: Diary, December 9,
1913.)

