"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers that the bonds of affection and unit betw th sons of hallb st 
een men rengt ene 
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes;
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Kalamat 1, 73 (July 13, 1:917) N0. 7
Religion and Science in the Light oi the
Bahai Revelation
By J. E. ESSLEMONT, MB.
NE of the fundamental teachings of
Baha'o'llah is that true science and
true religion must always be in harmony.
Truth is one and wherever conflict ap-
pears it is due not t'o truth but to error.
Between so-called science and so-called
religion there has been conflict all down
the ages, but looking back o-n these con-
flicts in the light of fuller truth we can
trace them every time to ignorance,
prejudice, vanity, greed, narrow-minded
ness, intolerance, obstinacy, vested in-
terests or something of the kind,--s0me-
thing foreign to the true spirit of both
science and religion for the spirit of
both is one-.
As Huxley tells us, "The great deeds
of philosophers have been less the fruit
of their intellect than the direction of
that intellect by an eminently religious
to-ne of mind. Truth has yielded herself
rather to their patience, their love, their
single-heartedness and self-denial than
to their logical acumen." Boole, the
mathematician, assures us that "geomet-
ric induction is essentially a process of
appeal from the finite mind
to the Infinite for light on finite con-
cerns." The great prophets of religion
and science have never denounced one
another. They have always reverently re-
ceived the torch of inspiration from their
predecessors in the prophetic series, and
lighted the way for their successors. It
is the unworthy followers of these great
world-teache-rs--~worshippers of the let-
ter but not of the spirit of their teach-
ing--~Wl1O have always been the perse-
cutors of the later prophets and the bit-
terest opponents of progress.
They have studied the light of the par-
ticular revelation which they hold sacred,
and have defined its properties and pe-
culiarities as seen by their limited vision,
with the utmost care and precision. That
is for them the one true light. If God
in His infinite bounty sends fuller light
from another quarter, and the torch of
inspiration burns brighter than before
from a new torch-holder, instead of wel-
coming the new light and worshipping
with renewed gratitude the Father of
all lights, they are angry and alarmed.
This new light does not correspond with
their definitions. It has not the orthodox
color and does not shine from the ortho-
dox place, therefore it must at all costs
be extinguished lest it lead men astray
into the paths of heresy! Many enemies
of the prophets are of this type--blind
leaders of the blind, who oppose new and
fuller truth in the supposed interests of
what they believe to be the truth.
Others are of baser sort and are either
moved by selfish interests to fight against
truth, or else block the path of progress
by reason of spiritual deadness and in-
ertia. The appearance of a prophet is
always a testing time for ma:nkind--a
day of judgment, in which the sheep are
separated from the goats, those who wor-
ship the living reality of truth from
those who Worship only the material
garments in which it is clothed. Alas!
how few there have always been who
were ready to welcome truth in a new
garment-~to welcome the spiritual light
when it shone from a new torch!
The great prophets of religion have
always been, at their coming, despised

