186 STAR OF THE WEST
VVords of Abdul-Baha concerning the Covenant and
His Station therein
But if any soul asks concerning the
station of this servant the answer 
Abdul-Baha. If he inquires after the
meaning of The Branch, the answer is
If he desires to know
the significance of the verse regarding
The Branch, the answer is~--Abdul-Baha.
If he insists upon the explanatio-n of the
meaning of "The Branch extended from
the Ancient Root," the answer 
Abdul-Baha.
(-Words of Abdul-Baha: Extract from
Tablet revealed for Persian believers
and throughout the world.)

I am, ho-wever, contented with What
is inflicted upon me in thy path, Would
that thy servants could be satisfied there-
with, and that it would have sufficed
them to do all these things unto myself.
No! by thy Might! this shall never
satisfy them. Nay, they will attack the
countenance which thou hast raised (to
be) in thy place, and whom thou hast
established to be on the throne of thy
sovereignty; whom thou hast concealed
under the tents of thy glory, and under
the canopy of thy sublimity, whom thou
hast branched from the ocean of thy
singleness and enkindled with the fire
of thine eternity, whom thou hast ele-
vated to the station which is never com-
prehended by anyone, and is never
known by any soul, whom thou hast
appointed a fortress unto thy servants,
and a light unto the countries, whom
thou hast ordained the people to have
recourse unto as they have recourse unto
thee, and to be submissive under his
hands as their submission unto thee.
Notwithstanding all this, they contra-
dicted him.
(Words of Baha'o'llah: Extract from
Tablet.)

V-erily, know that the Letter (Tab-
let) of Abdul-Baha and his address is
a hidden mystery and concealed fact; no
one is informed of its greatness and
importance at these times. But in
co-urse of time and in future centuries it
will dawn forth; the fragrances thereof
will be diifused and the greatness, the
importance thereof will be known. The
truth I say unto thee, that each leaflet
from Abdul-Baha will be a wide-spread
bo-ok, nay, rather a glistening gem on
the glorious crown. Know thou its
value and hold great its station!
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Extract from
Booklet Abdul-Bah-at.)
The herald who proclaimed the written
names is Abdul-Baha, who announces
the names of those who deserve salvation
and are firm in the Covenant of God.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Tablets of
Abdul-Baha. p. 681, Vol. 3.)
This covenant is the Covenant of His
Holiness Baha'o'llah, Now its impor-
tance is no-t known befittingly; but in
the future it shall attain to such a
degree of importance that if a king vio-
lates to the extent of one atom he shall
be cut off immediately.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Extract from
Tablet to American believer,- translated
August 2, 1918.)
His Holiness him be
a covenant concerning His
Holiness Moses and gave the glad tidings
of his coming; His Holiness Moses made
a covenant concerning the promised One,
i. His Holiness Christ and announced
the good news of his manifestation to the
world. His Holiness Christ made a cov-
enant concerning (the) Paraclete and
gave the tidings of his coming. His
Holiness the prophet Mohammed made a
covenant concerning His Holiness The
Bab and The Bab was the one promised
by Mohammed, for Mohammed gave the

