STAR OF THE WEST 231
of sanctity. Let your spirit unfold the
white wings of progress. Often phys=ical
sickness draws man nearer unto his
Maker, suffers his heart to be made
empty of all desires until it be-
comes tender and sympathetic toward all
sufferers and compassionate to all crea-
tures. Although physical diseases cause
man to suffer temporarily, yet they do
not touch his spirit. Nay, rather, they
contribute toward the divine purpose;
that is, spiritual susceptibilities will be
created in his heart.
(Ab-dul-Baha: From Diary of Mirza
Sohrab, October 27, 1913.)

thou who art conscious! At last thou
didst learn of salvation and didst find
the straight way. Now remain firm that
thou mayest attain confirmation and vic-
tory.
The powers of the sympathetic nerve
are neither entirely physical no-r spirit-
ual, but are between the two (systems).
The nerve is connected with both. Its
phenomena will be perfect when its spir-
itual and physical relations are normal.
When the material world and the di-
vine world are well co-related, when the
hearts become heavenly and the aspira-
tions grow pure and divine, perfect con-
nection will take place. Then will its
power produce a perfect manifestation.
Physical and spiritual diseases will then
receive ab-solute healing.
(Tablets of Abdul-Baha, p. 309. An
answer to the question of a physician re-
garding the sympathetic nervous system.)

Christ healed by the power of his
word, because the word of the Messiah
was the Holy Spirit purified from all
else.
The words of many speakers are mixed
with the lusts of their souls and their
appetites; therefore they will
have neither authority nor success.
Jesus said: "Arise, take up thy bed
and walk." He did not use prayers or
mental suggestion. He used spiritual
authority in the command which was the
power of the Holy Spirit manifest in
him. Therefore his word was obeyed
because it was creative.
(Abdul-Baha. 
As to the fact that man must entirely
forget himself, by this is meant that he
should arise in the mystery of sacrifice
and that is the disappearance of mortal
sentiments and the extinction of blam-
able morals which constitute the tem-
poral gloom, and not that the physical
health should be changed into weakness
and debility.
(Tablets of Abdul-Baha, p. 244.)
Looking after one 's health is done
with two intentions. Man may take good
care of his body for the purpose of sat-
isfying his perso-nal wishes. Or, he may
look after his health with the good in-
tention of serving humanity and of liv-
ing long enough to perform his duty to-
ward mankind. The latter is most com-
mendab=le.
A teacher should sleep at night with
the thought that the next day he may
be refreshed in order to do his duty
more fully in relation to teaching his
pupils. Therefore, Mrs. . .. . must take
good care of her health. Just look ..'s very good health--see how
much work he can do, how much work
he can stand! Whatever work is referred
to him, he can discharge it fully. But
remember that the essential health is
spiritual health, for by means of spirit-
ual health eternal life is obtained;
whereas, through physical health only
temporal results are achieved.
(Abdul-Baha: A Heavenly Feast, 11.)
If the health and well-being of the
body be expended in the path of the
Kingdom, this is very acceptable and
praiseworthy; if it is expended for the
benefit of the human world in general--
even though it be for their material ben-

