26 STAR OF THE WEST
ceptable in the Cause of God. But recre-
ation which may improve the bodily
powers, as exercise, is desirable."
(Words of Abdul-Baha: A Heavenly
Vista; p. 9.)
Endeavor and make an effort that
certain souls may be trained, of whom
his holiness Christ said: "Ye shall know
the tree by its fruits." That is to say,
every soul is known by (his) conduct,
manners, words and deeds. Therefore,
we must strive with life and heart that,
day by day, our deeds ma.y be better,
our conduct more beautiful and our for-
bearance greater. That is, to cultivate
love for all the world, to attain beatific
character.
(Tablets of Abolal-Baha; Vol. 2; p. 306.)
Ask thou of God that thou mayest
attain to the age of maturity so that thou
mayest recognize the beauty and ugli-
ness of deeds and actions.
(Words of Baha'o'llah; from tablet to
the Sultan of Turkey.)
God has endowed man with intelli-
gence so that he may use his intelligence.
Therefore he must supply himself with
all that science can offer. He must be
most deliberate and most careful. He
must ever be thorough in his under-
takings-. He must build a thing well.
Build the best ship that his ingenuity
can lead him to- and employ the most
skilled captain, but with all that, let
him rely upon God. Let him consider
God as the one keeper.
(Words of Abdul-Baha; Sta/r of the
West; Vol. 3, No. 3, p. 16.)
-- 
Let the light of truth and honesty
shine in your faces so that all may know
that your word in business or pleasure
may be a Word to trust and be sure of.
Forget self and work for the whole.
Abdul-Baha said that one must always
remember that one is working for the
world, not for a town or even a coun-
try, but as all are brothers so every coun-
try is as it Were one 's own. Above all,
remember the teaching of Baha'o'llah
about gossiping and talking about
others. Stories repeated about others
are never good, a silent tongue is always
safest.
(Message taken verbally (from memory)
from Abdul-Baha to the London friends,
by Mrs. Enthoven in Paris, October,
1911.)
Chastity and purity of life are the
two divine standards of the spiritual and
moral law, The greater the aim of man
the nobler his purpose. A man must
ever be thoughtful of others and be po-
lite and courteous toward his fellow-be-
ings. This will Win for him. the good
pleasure of the Lord and the satisfaction
of the general public. One 's sitting and
rising, speech and conversation, social
intercourse a11d communication should
be based upon a firm foundation and be
conducive to the glory of the World of
humanity.
(Vllords of Abdul-Baha, from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, September 4,
1918.)

Moderation is necessary in all afi':'airs.
Man must take a lesson from divine
actions and deeds for God suffers a tree
to grow a long time before it attains to
perfection. He is able to make a tree
grow to fruition in an instant, but wis-
dom requires a gradual development.
('Words of Abdul-Baha; from tablet to
an American believer; translated by
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, May 18, 1914.)


