86 STAR OF THE WEST
phers do not believe in the books of God,
and, hence-, for them traditional proofs
are no evidence materialistic proofs are
necessary. Consequently, the philoso-
phe-rs and wise- men of God have said
that it is firmly established that exist-
ing phenomena may be resolved into
grades; that is to say, the mineral, vege-
table 0-r animal kingdoms. When we
look at the mineral we discover that it
exists. . . . When we consider the
vegetable we see that it p-ossesscs the
power of the mineral plus the power of
growth. Therefore, it is evident that the
vegetable kingdom is superior to the
mineral. When we look at the animal
kingdom We discover that the animal
possesses the power of the vegetable and
also those of the mineral. . . . It
ha.s in addition the sense of hearing,
sight, taste, smell and touch, the five
senses of perception. It likewise has the
power of memory. These do not exist
in the lower kingdoms.
Just as the animal is more noble than
the vegetable and the mineral, so is man
superior to the animal. When we look
at the animal we see that, although it
possesses the five senses, it is bereft o-f
ideation; that is to say, the animal is a
captive of the world of nature, it is not
in touch with that which lies beyond
nature, it is bereft of spiritual suscepti-
bilities, it is bereft of the attractions of
conscience, it is not in touch with the
world of God, it cannot deviate one
hair's breadth from the law of nature.
It is diiferent with man. Man is pos-
Sessed of the pro-mptings of conscience;
he has intelligence and perception and
is capable of discovering mysteries in
the universe. All the human industries
We see, all the inventions and undertak-
ings we observe are mysteries of nature
and at one time were hidden; but the
reality of man has discovered these mys-
teries. As a matter of fact, according
to nature 's laws, these things should be
hidden and latent, but man having
transcended the laws of nature, discov-
ered these mysteries and brought them
from the invisible state to the visible
plane. See what a marvel man is! Gon-
sider electricity--one of the mysteries
of creation. Under the requirement of
natural law it should remain latent, but
man discovered this power, brought it
forth from the invisible state to the vis-
ible plane and utilized its energies. That
is to say, man transcended this law of
nature. How many of the mysteries of
nature have been penetrated! Colum-
b-us-, while in Spain, discovered America.
Man is capable of discovering that the
sun is stationary, while the earth re-
volves about it. The animal cannot do
this. Man perceives the mirage is an
illusion. This is beyond the power of
the animal. The animal can only per-
ceive through sense impressions, but can-
not grasp intellectual realities. The ani-
mal cannot conceive of the power of
thought. This is an intellectual matter
and not limited to the senses. The ani-
mal cannot conceive of the fact that the
earth is spherical. Intellectual phenom-
ena are human powers. All creation is
the captive of nature: it cannot deviate
a hair 's breadth from the laws estab-
lished by nature. But man wrests the
sword from nature's hand and uses it
upon nature's head. For example, it
is a requirement o-f nature than man
should be a dweller upon the earth, but
the power of the human spirit trans-
cends the law and he soars aloft in aero-
planes. This is contrary to the law and
requirement of nature. He sails at high
speed upon the ocean. He dives be-
neath its surface in submarines. He im-
prisons the voice in the phonograph. He
communicates in the twinkling of an 
from the East to the West.
These are some of the things we know
to be contrary to the law of nature. Man
transcends natur-e's laws. The animal,
the vegetable, the mineral cannot do
this. This can only be done through the
power of the spirit, because the spirit is
the reality. But in the physical powers
and senses man and the animal are part-
ners. In fact, animal is often superior
to man in sense perception. For in-
stance, the vision of some animals is ex-

