166 STAR OF
wildered and the spirits drooped. No
amount of exertion whatever could in the
least stir to- courage or self-sacrifice the
spirits of the few remaining, fearful Ba-
hais. At that time I was very young.
These two new believers from Meelan
came and knocked at the door. I went
and opened it. I observed that they were
two young men from Meelan. Their faces
were luminous, their eyes radiant. They
were shining like unto two suns. I asked
them to come in. . . After awhile
they asked about the Cause. I told them
that the Cause was extinct, there was no
Cause. They asked about Mirza Yahya.
I told them he was concealed and no one
knew his whereabouts. They asked about
Baha'o'llah. I told them I did not know
where he was. As soon as they heard
this sad news they looked at each other
and began to Weep and weep. For
nearly one hour they sat on the floor and
wept bitter tears of regret and disap-
pointment. I tried to console them but
I could not succeed. My own heart was
sad when I realized the chaotic condi-
tion of the Cause and the absence of any
life. Then they arose from their seats;
without any remarks they left the house.
They did not leave any address and I
never heard from them afterwards.
How different it is now! The banner
of the Cause of Baha'o'llah is waving
over all the regions. The power of the
Most Great Name is felt by all the na-
tions of the world. The glad tidings of
the Kingdom are proclaimed to all the
religions of the world. The potency of
the I-Ioly Spirit is moving the hearts of
men, and the fearless teachers of the
Cause are spreading the Gospel of sal-
vation both in the East and in the West.
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Sohrab,
February 3, 1914.)

Baha'o'llah departed to Sarkalu alone.
Nobody knew just where he Was, even
we were not informed. Two years he
passed at Sarkalu. Some of the time he
passed in the mountains, some of the time
TI-IE WEST
in grottoes, and some of the time in the
city of Sarkalu. Although solitary and
alone, nobody knowing him, yet all
through Kurdestan he became well
known. It was said, "This unknown
person is a most remarkable person, is
exceedingly learned, is possessed of a
tremendous power, and has a colossal
force." All Kurdestan was magnetized
by his love. But Baha'o'llah was pass-
ing his time in poverty and even his
robes and clothes were those of the poor;
his food was that of the indigent. The
signs of severance were manifest upon
him as the sun at mid-day, and he was
absolutely careless regarding his life.
(Abdul-Baha. 
Once I was in the presence of Baha-
'o'llah. He was reading some of the
writings of the Master (Abdul-Baha).
After reading every line he would praise
it and express the highest commendation
saying: "'We have never taught the
Master, yet he writes with such deep
penetration and inspiration; but we are
daily teaching his brothers, and they are
copying the holy tablets all the time, but
they cannot write correctly one letter."
(I/Vords of Haji Mohammed, one of the
early Oriental Bahais: Diary Letter
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, November 17,
1913.)

Although he (Abdul-Baha) had not
studied in any school, yet, from his
youth, fountains of knowledge flowed
in his fluent explanations. The first
trace which emanated from his holy be-
ing in the world of knowledge was the
treatise he Wrote in his early youth at
Baghdad. This was a commentary upon
the holy tradition: was an invisible
Treasury; as I loved to be known there-
fore I created men to know Me." He
wrote this commentary in answer to the
request of one of the Pashas. The author
(Abul-Fazl) was present at a meeting
when some one asked Haji-Seyd-Jawad

