STAR OF THE WEST 73
cause of the progress of humanity, for
God helps men through other men (em-
bodied or disembodied). Ea-ch man Who
is higher in the ascent of life is the
means of helping those below him, and
those who are highest of all are the help-
ers of all mankind. It is as if all men
were connected together by elastic cords.
If a man rises a little above the general
level of his fellows, the cords tighten.
His former companions tend to drag him
back, but With a precisely equal force he
draws them upwards. The higher he
gets the more he feels the Weight of the
Whole world pulling him back, and the
more dependent he is on the divine sup-
port, which reaches him through the
few who are still above him. Highest of
all are the great Prophets and Saviors,
the Divine' Per-
fect' Men who Were each, in their day,
without peer or companion, and bore the
burden of the whole World, supported by
God alone. "The burden of our sins
was upon him" was true of each of
them. Each was the "Way, the Truth
and the Life" to his followers. Each
was the unobstructed channel of God's
bounty to every heart that would re-
ceive it.
The love that flows from the "Mani-
festation" is God's love. The wisdom
is God's Wisdom, the spirit is God's
spirit. He is indeed divine--God mani-
fest in a human temple; but God is One,
and the same One God conferred the gift
of His Holy Spirit through all the "Man-
ifestations," not indeed according to
His power to give, but according to the
people 's power to receive. The messages
differed, because the peoples for whom
they were given were at different stages
of development, but the differences were
only i11 the externals, the forms and
ce-remonies, the rules and punishments,
not in the inner spiritual realities of
love to God and love to man which have
been tl1e heart and soul of all the great
religions.
CREATION
Baha'o'llah teaches that the universe
is without beginning in time. It is a
perpetual emana.ti0-n from the Great
First Cause. The Creator always had
His creation and always will have. This
is in harmony with the teachings of sci-
ence regarding t'he conservation of mat-
ter a.nd energy. Wo1=lds- and systems
may come and go, but the universe re-
mains. All things that undergo com-
position, in time undergo decomposition,
but the component elements remain. The
creation of a world, a daisy or a human
body is not "making something out of
nothing," it is but a bringing together
of elements which before were scattered,
a making visib-le of something which be-
fore Was hidden. By and by the ele-
ments Will again be scattered, the form
will disappear, but nothing is really lost
or annihilated, ever new combinations
and forms arise from the ruins of the
old. Ba-ha'o'1lah has no quarrel with
the scientists who- claim, not six thou-
sand, but millions and billions of years
for the history of the earth's creation.
The evolution theory does not deny Cre-
ative Power. It only tries- to describe
the method of its manifestation, and the
wonderful story of the material universe
which the astronomer, the geologist, the
physicist and the biologist are gradually
unfolding to our gaze is, appre-
ciated, far more capable of evoking the
deepest reverence and worship, than the
crude and bald account of creation given
in the He-brew Scriptures. The old ac-
count in the book of Genesis had how-
ever the advantage of indicating by a
few bold strokes of symbolism, the es-
sential spiritual meanings of the story,
as a master painter may by a few strokes-
of the brush convey expressions which
the mere plodder with the most laborious
accuracy of detail may utterly fail to
express. If the material detail blinds
us to the spiritual meaning then we
should be better without it, but if we
have once firmly grasped the essential
meaning of the whole scheme, then
knowledge of the detail will give our con-
ception a wonderful added richness and

