STAR OF THE WEST 217
ceed. Abdul-Baha loves all no matter
how they turn away from him. Whether
they love or hate him, go or come, he
never changes in his love for them. The
Blessed Perfection has left nothing un-
done. What he ordained can never be
set aside.
(Words of Abdul-Baha; Ten Days in
the Light of Acca, p. 8.)
my Lord! my Lord! Intoxicate
them with the wine of knowledge;
sweeten their tastes with the delicacies
of prayer in the early morn and eve;
gather them together in one congrega-
tion; confer 11pO-11 them a shelter; protect
them in the cave of thy Covenant and
thy Testament; shield them from the
doubts of the violators and the evil sug-
gestions of the waverers; make them
mines of knowledge, wisdom and assur-
ance; cause their feet to be firm and
steadfast in the straight pathway and
grant unto them prosperity in whatever
country they call the people to thy
Name! -Verily, thou art the Lord of
the Cause, and thou are powerful to do
whatsoever thou desirest!
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From Diary
of Mirza Sohrab, July 18, 1913.)

Give my salutations and praise to that
assembly who are firm in the Covenant
of God, and say:
ye whom God hath chosen from
among those who are called (know ye
that many are called but few chosen) 
upon whom he caused the evident light
to descend; whom he guided into the
right path and to whom he gave the
glad tidings of the great success--ye
must be sincere and faithful, ye must
follow the ordinances which refer to the
Covenant of God, which is the solid
edifice.
ye beloved of God, know that stead-
fastness and firmness in this new and
wonderful Covenant is indeed the spirit
that quickens the hearts which are over-
flowing with the love of the glorious
Lord. Verily, it is the power which
penetrates into the hearts of the people
of the world! Your Lord has assuredly
promised His servants who are firm and
steadfast, to render them victorious at
all times, to exalt their word, propagate
their power, diffuse their light,
strengthen their hearts, elevate their
banners, assist their hosts, brighten their
stars, increase the abundance of the
showers of mercy upon them, and enable
the brave lions (teachers) to conquer.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Extract from
Tablet revealed for an American Ba-
hai, July, 1900.)
-mu- 
There are many heralds in this world.
Here is a herald who summons the peo-
ple to the love and defense of his coun-
try, calling out at the top of his voice:
my country, my beloved country!"
There is a herald who blows the bugle of
new nationalism. Here is another
herald who calls the people to politics, in
order that he may wield great powers of
state. There is another person who is a
herald of literature and science. Here
you find a soul who is the herald of the
commercial interests and its expansion.
And there is still another herald who
sounds the trumpet of war and militar-
ism. But praise be to God, that you are
the heralds of the Kingdom of God. All
these contending voices which are raised
in the world today will ere long be
silenced and hushed, but the call of the
"Kingdom of God will gain volume and
impetus day by day. The popularity
of these heralds may last for a
year or two, but the fame of the souls
who are the heralds of the Kingdom, is
eternal for they are sounding the trum-
pet of celestial, universal peace. Their
voices will ring throughout the future
centuries and will be immortal and age-
abiding. Thank ye God, that ye are the
heralds of the Kingdom of Abha, the
heralds of the Covenant of the Almighty.

