STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good oi the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers: that the bonds of affection andunity between the sons of men shall be strengthened:
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strife!
these ruinous wars shall pass away. and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Asma 1, 73 (August 1, 1917) No. 8
The Divine Art of Living
A COMPILATION BY MRS. MARY M. RABB
(Chapter I appeared in issue No. 16, Vol. Chapter II appeared in issue N0. 18, Vol. Chapter
appeared in issue No. 2, Vol. Chapter IV appeared in issue No. 4, Vol. 
Chapter appeared in issue No. 6, Vol. 

CHAPTER VI
The Power of the Holy Spirit
THERE was the true light that light-
eth every man as he cometh into
the World.
(J ohm. 1-
The voice of God, speaking:--
have placed in thee the essence
of My Light: Therefore depend upon
it." "My love is in thee: Seek and thou
wilt find Me near."
(B-aha '0 'llah.)
In the World of existence there is
nothing so important as spirit. Noth-
ing is as essential as the spirit of man.
The spirit of man is the most noble of
phenomena. The spirit of man is the
meeting between man and God. The
spirit of man is the cause of human life.
The spirit of man is the collective cen-
ter of all virtues. The spirit of man is
the cause of the illumination of this
World. The World may be likened to the
body and man may be likened to the
Spirit of the body, be-cause the light of
the World is this spirit. Man in the
World is the life of the World, and the
life of man is the spirit. The happi-
ness of the World depends upon man,
and the happiness of man is dependent
upon the spirit. The world may be lik-
ened to the lamp chimney, Whereas man
may be likened to the light itself. Man
may be likened to the lamp, the spirit
to the very light Within the lamp. There-
fore let us speak of this spirit.
The people of the World are divided
into two classes. One class is the ma-
terialistic philosophers who deny the
spirit and its immortality. The second
class comprises the divine philosophers,
the wise men of God, the Wise illuminati.
They believe in the spirit and its immor-
tality. Some of the Greek philosophers
declared man to consist of simply the
material elements. These material ele-
ments compose the cellular elements of
the human organism, and when this com-
position is subjected to disintegration,
the life of man becomes extinct. They
taught that other than the body there is
no spirit. It is body and body only.
From these elements these human ema-
nations have come. To them the and
the ear are due; by them the sense of
taste, smell and touch are caused; and
when these elements are decomposed,
these senses are likewise decomposed.
This is the statement of the materialistic
philosophers.
But the philosophers of God say, No!
the spirit does exist; the spirit is living
and eternal. Because of the objections
of the materialistic philosophers, there-
fore, the wise men of God have advanced
rational proofs in regard to the validity
of the spirit. The materialistic philoso-

