STAR OF THE WEST 43
heart of man is like a mirror which is
co-vered with dust a.nd to cleanse it one
must continually pray to God that it
may become clean. The act of suppli-
cation is the polish which erases all
desires. The delight of sup-
plicating a11d entreating before God
cuts one 's heart from the world. When
the taste of man is nourished by honey
he never likes to taste any other sweet-
meat. Therefore, prayer is a key by
which the doors of the kingdom are
opened. There are many subjects which
are difficult for man to solve. But dur-
ing prayer and supplication they are
unveiled and there is nothing that man
cannot. find out'. Mohammed said:
"Prayer is a ladder by which every one
can ascend to heaven." If one 's heart
is out from the world his prayer is the
ascension to heaven.
In the highest prayer men pray only
for the love of God, not because they
fear him o-r hell or hope for bounty or
heaven. Thus the souls in whose hearts
the fire of love is enkindled are attracted
by supplica.tion. True supplication to
God must therefore be actuated by love
to God only. . . . 1/Vhen a man falls
in love with a human being it is impos-
sible for him to keep from mentioning
the name of his beloved. How much
more difficult is it to keep from men-
tioning the name of God when one has
come to love him. One can pray for
the dead and by so doing their spiritual
condition will become better. The spir-
itual man finds no delight in anything
save in commemoration of God. Vilhen
one is confirmed his heart becomes re-
joiced through the commemoration of
God.
("Words of Abdul-Baha, from notes of
Miss Alma Albertson and other pilgrims,
November and December, 190-O.)
thou daughter of the Kingdom!
Know thou that supplication and prayer
is the Watier of Life. It is the cause
of the vivification of existence and
brings glad tidings and joy to the soul.
Show thou attention to this matter as
far as thou canst and summon others to
prayer and supplication.
(Wor'ds of Abdul-Baha, from tablet to
an American believer; translated by
Mirza. Ahmad Sohrab, December 14,
1906.)

Question: "What is prayer, attitude
or word?"
Answer: "Prayer is both attitude
and word, it depends upon the soul-
condition. It is like a song, both words
and music make the song. Sometimes
the melody will move us, sometimes the
Words."
(Wor'ds of Abdul-Baha; Ten Days in
the Light of Acca, p. 15.)
L,
The prayerful attitude is attained by
two means. Just deliver a- lecture prepares there-
for and his preparation consists of cer-
tain meditations and notations, so the
preparat-'ion for the prayerful attitude
is detaching one's mind from all other
thoughts save the thought of God at the
time of prayer and then praying when
the prayerful attitude shall be attained.
("Tords of Abdul-Baha; A Heavenly
Feast, p. 19.)
Supplication to God at morn and eve
is conducive t'o the joy _of hearts, and
prayer causes spirituality and frag-
rance. Thou shouldst necessarily con-
tinue therein. 186.)
Neglect not praying and coinmuning
in the gloomy midnights and morn and
eve and offer glory unto thy Lord, the
Supreme. 413.)
Know that nothing will benefit thee
in this life save supplication and invo-
cation unto God, service in his vineyard,
and, with a heart' full of love, to be in
constant servitude unto him. 98.)
Draw nigh unto God and persevere in
communion with thy Lord so that the

