136 STAR OF
be changed into light, and t'his. narrow,
dark sphere must be transformed into a
vast, illimitable universe of illumination.
The body of the world is like a corpse;
it must be resuscitated. It is withered;
it must be made- fresh a.nd blooming.
It is extinct; it must be enkindled. It
is the arena for the expression of ani-
mosity; it must be made the dawning-
pla.ce o-f love and good-fellowship. It
is the place of origin for the emanation
of contention; We must make it the axis
around which revolves unity. It is the
expression of the baser qualities which
lead to eternal disgrace; we must make
it the rising-point of the refulgent rays
of the everlasting glory. The strangers
must be instructed in the lesson of neigh-
borliness; and the heedless made
aware; the enemies must be loved, and
the hateful ones be shown kindness. \Ve
must become flaming torches and the
burning fire of God. We must move
this world and illumine this dark globe.
All this depends upon the effort of the
friends and the sacrifice of the beloved
ones.
(Abdul-Baha: Dairy of Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab, August 26, 1913.)
. . . . Ra-diate the light of the love of
God to such an extent as to be able to
remove entirely the gloom and darkness
of hatred, bigotry and enmity from
among humanity. Know all mankind
of all nations, sects and tribes as your
kith and kin. Consider not their deeds,
but only God. Seek your reward from
Him and not .fro-m them. Know the
aged of all nations as your fathers, the
youths as your brothers and the chil-
dren as your own. No matter What lack
of courtesy or what severe persecution
or stern expressions of hate and unfath-
omable enmity you receive, you must
have no excuse like the following: "So
and so has spoken unkindly about me.' 
"So and so has not done me 
nay, rather you must have no excuse but
live according to the divine teachings,
THE VVEST
whether humanity prove a.greeable or
disagreeable, Whether humanity prove
hateful or loving, Whether it receives
you or casts you out, so that perchance
you may be assisted in hoisting the
standard of peace and pitching the tab-
ernacle of oneness and solidarity of the
world of that this tem-
poral life may ultimate in the Life Ever-
lasting, and this darkness of ignorance
which has pervaded the whole World may
be converted into the illumination of
guidance. . . . .
(Abdul-Baha: Star of the West, Vol. 5,
No. 8, p. 130.)
This is one of the Wonders of this
age, that an oriental and an occidental
can meet each other on a common
ground. Although there exists among
them no racial, no patriotic, or political
relations, yet they love each other as
though they belonged to the same race.
This is spiritual relationship. Often two
brothers, reared in the same family, are
antagonistic toward each other, but you
two who are remote from each other, are
in reality as brother and sister. Happy
are you because you have drunk from
this spiritual fountain and attained to
the reality of existence.
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab, August 6, 1913.)
-ii
. . . The test of the truth (of
God) lies in the influence the conception
has on our lives.- If it makes us- kind
and loving in our relationship with our
fellowman, we know it is a true one.
In other Words it must produce in our
hearts a love o-f God which must be
transmitted into love for man.
(Abdul-Baha: Notes of Aline Shane
Devin, Acca, about 1900.)
(Ghapt. VII to be continued)

