24-4 STAR OF
on the sand as the donkey was driven
the long journey over the desert. Mirza
Haider Ali sang gaily as they went
along. The guard whipped him un-
mercifully, saying, "Now, will you
sing?" Mirza Haider Ali replied, 
will sing more gladly than ever because
you have given me the pleasure of en-
during something for the sake of God."
For twelve years Mirza Haider Ali
was a prisoner in Khartoum, Egypt. The
dungeon-room in which he was confined
had a tiny windo-w through which the
sun shone but one hour a day. For one
precious hour every day Mirza Haider
Ali read with glowing heart the Tablets
of Baha'o'llah. The rest of the day he
was in the twilight. But he concentrated
his spirit upon the glory of God so per-
fectly that each day he grew more
saintly. --
When, in later years, he was asked by
Miss Stevens why the B-ahais all looked
so happy (she Was thinking especially
of the radiant joy in his face), he re-
plied, "Sometimes we have surface trou-
bles, but that cannot touch our happi-
ness. The hearts of those who belong
to the Kingdom are like the sea. Whell
the wind is rough it troubles the surface
of the Water; but two meters down there
is perfect calmness."
Review, June 1911.)
Mrs. Lua Getsinger was one day in
Acca. A western Woman was there
also and she was telling Abdul-Baha
all about her troubles. This was a
strange thing to do for usually people
when they enter the presence of Abdul-
Baha are so filled with the contagion of
his radiant love that they think only of
their blessings. Abdul-Baha with great
kindness listened for a half hour to the
western woman 's troubles; they were
really not very big troubles. At last he
arose, and said he had another engage-
ment and must be going. "But there,"
he said, pointing out of the window,
"goes a man whom I will bring in to
THE WEST
see you. His name is Mirza Haider Ali.
We call him the 'Angel of Mount Car-
mel.' He Walks on earth but he lives in
heaven. He has had many troubles and
he will tell you about them." Abdul-
Baha went out, but quickly returned
with Mirza Haider Ali whom he pre-
sented to the woman, and then departed.
The "Angel of Mount Carmel" with
great humility and sweetness of manner
began to talk with the woman of the
luminous century in which we live and
the divine age that is to be. She lis-
tened for a while, impatiently, and at
last broke in with, "But Abdul-Baha
said you would tell me about your trou-
bles." Mirza Haider Ali looked up in
amazement.
"Troubles? he replied, "why madam,
I never had any troubles. I don 't know
what troubles are."
ye beloved of God! When the winds
blow severely, rains fall fiercely, the
lightning flashes, the thunder roars, the
bolts descend and storms of trial become
severe, grieve not; for after this storm,
verily, the divine spring will arrive, the
hills and fields will become verdant, the
expanses of grain will joyfully wave, the
earth will become covered with blossoms,
the trees will be clothed with green gar-
ments and adorned with blossoms and
fruits. Thus blessings become manifest
in all countries. These favors are re-
sults of those storms and hurricanes.
The discerning man rejoiceth at the
day of trials, his breast becometh dilated
._at the time of severe storms, his eyes
become brightened when seeing the show-
ers of rain and gusts of wind whereby
trees are uprooted; because he foreseeth
the result and the end,--the leaves, blos-
soms and fruits; while the ignorant per-
son becometh troubled when he seeth a
storm, is saddened when it raineth se-
verely, is terrified by the thunder and
trembleth at the surging of the waves
which storm the shore.
(Tablets of Abdul-Baha, p. 13.)
End of Volume 

