122 STAR OF
natio-ns; they came to cement in one the
hearts of men and to bring humanity
into a state of unity and concord. In
this pathway, each one of t'hese divine
Manifestations of God's love has ac-
cepted innumerable calamities and hard-
ships. For the sake of a realization of
love and concord among men, they have
sacrificed their lives. How many perse-
cutions have they suffered so that they'
might bring into a state of harmony
those contending nations and religions,
so that they might create peace and con-
solation among these various peoples
of the earth-.
(Abdul-Baha: Star of the West; Vol. 3,
No. 17, p. 
-ii
The body-politic today is greatly in
need o-f a physician. It is similar to a
human body afflicted with nervous ail-
ments. A doctor diagnoses the case and
then prescribes treatment. He does not
prescribe, however, until he has ma.de the
diagnosis. The disease whic-h afflicts the
body-politic is lack of love and absence
of altruism. In the hearts of men no
real love is found, and the condition is
such that unless their susceptibilities are
quickened by some power so that unity,
love and accord may develop Within
them, there can be no healing, no agree-
ment among mankind. L-ove and unity
are the needs of the body-politic today.
Without these no progress or prosperity
can be attained. Therefore the friends
of God must adhere to the power
which will creat'e this love and unity in
the hearts of the so-ns of men. Science
cannot cure the illness of the body-
politic. Science cannot create amity and
fellowship in human hearts. Neither
can patriotism or racial prejudice effect
a remedy. It must be accomplished
solely through the divine bounties and
spiritual bestowals which have descended
from God, in this day, for that purpose.
This is an exigency of the times, and
the divine remedy has been provided.
For the spiritual teachings of the re-
TTHE WEST
ligion of God can alone create this love,
unity and accord in human hearts. . . . .
(Abdul-Baha; Star of the West; Vol. 3,
No. 10, p. 14.)
Although the body-politic is one fam-
ily, yet' because of the lack of symmetry
some members are comfortable and some
are in the utmost misery; so-me members
are satisfied and some are hungry; some
are clothed with the most costly gar-
ments while some families are in need
of food and shelter. "Thy? Because
this family has not that reciprocity and
symmetry needed. This household is not
well arrangedpossible
for a member of a family to be subjected
to the utmost of misery and abject pov-
erty, and for the rest of the family to
be comfortable? It is impossible, unless
the rest of the family be Without feel-
ing, having become spiritually atrophied,
inhospitable, unkind. . . . .
The purport is this, that as we are all
inhabitants of the same earth, in reality
We are one family, and each one of us
is a member of that family. Therefore
We must all live in the utmost of happi-
ness and comfort under a just rule and
regulation in accordance with the laws
of God, because this life -is fleeting, and
if man looks a.fter himself only, he is no
better than the animal, for the animal
alone is to- that degree egotistic. On the
contrary man should be willing to accept
hardships for himself in order that
others may be happy. . . . . This
is characteristic of man, this is becom-
ing to man. . . . . Such a man is
the honor of the world of humanity;
such a man is the glory of the World of
mankind; such a man is he who Wins
eternal bliss; such a man is nearer the
threshold of God; such a man is the
very manifestation of eternal happi-
ness. - . . .
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Address given
at Montreal, Canada, September 3,
1912.)

