STAR OF THE WEST 37
"China is the Country of the Future"
Words of Abdul-Baha from Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, April 3, 1917.
CHINA, China, China, China-Ward
the Cause of Bah'a'o'llah must
march! Where is that holy, sanctified
Bahai to become the teacher of China!
China has most great capability. The
Chinese p.60pl6 are most simple-hearted
and truth-seeking. The B-ahai teacher
of the Chinese people must first be im-
bued With their spirit, know their sacred
literature, study their national customs
and speak to them from their own stand-
point, and their own terminologies. He
must entertain no thought of his own,
but ever think of their spiritual welfare.
In China one can teach many souls and
train and educate divine person-
ages, each one of whom may b-ecome a
bright candle of the world of htunanity.
Truly, I say they are free from any de-
ceit and hypocrisies and a.re prompted
with ideal motives.
Had I been feeling well, I would have
taken a journey to China myself! China
is the country of the future. I hope the
right kind of teacher Will be inspired to
go to that vast empire to- lay the founda-
tion of the Kingdom of God, to promote
the principles of divine civilization, to
unfurl the banner of the Cause of Baha-
'o'llah and to invite the people to the
banquet of the Lo-rd!
For the last twenty years I have
repeatedly emphasized the matter of
spreading the Cause of God. In every
city there must be organized assemblies
of teaching-classes to teach the young
how to teach the Cause and prepare
them for this most important service.
Every Bahai must acquire the lessons
of teaching. This will yield results. No
other service is as important as this. This
service of the promotion of the revelation
of Baha'o'llah is the most confirmed
service. Every time one service holds
the mo-st supreme importance.
There is one season to harro-W the
ground, another season to scatter the
seeds, still another season to irrigate
the fields and still another to harvest
the cro-p. We must attend to these
various kinds of activities in their
proper seasons in order to become suc-
cessful. Now is the time of seed-sowing,
but it seems to me some of the believers
are thinking -about crop-getting. This
will give them no results. Wrhos-0-ever
is thinking o-f any other thing, is Wast-
ing his time. I
The promotion of the principles of
Baha'o'llah is the most dominant issue
before the believers of God.
Abdul-Baha's First Days in America
(Continued from page 33)
While his hand closed again over
that other hand with the clasp that saves.
After our return to the hotel, in the
upper hall, on the way to the apartment,
we met the little chambermaid. In the
bag there were about eighty quarters left
over from the Mission, and all these
Abdul-Baha gave to her, emptying them
suddenly into her hands. Then he passed
swiftly into his apartment, We following,
all but Mr. Grundy, whom the girl
stopped: "Oh, see what he has given
me!" she said; whereupon, Mr. Grundy
told her about the Mission. When he had
finished, she exclaimed, will do the
same with this money; I, too, will give
it!"
Later, as we sat in a group around
Abdul-Baha, he was at that moment say-
ing, with a laugh, in reply to some ques-
tion as to the advisability of charity:
"Surely, give to the poor! If you give
them only words, when they put their
hands into their pockets, they will find

