STAR OF THE WEST Z43
bleness and praying to him, while bear-
ing every ordeal, contented under all
co-nditions and thankful in every dif-
ficulty. Verily, thy Lord loveth his
maid-servants who are patient, believing
and firm. He draws them nigh to him
through these ordcals and trials.
Be not sorrowful on account of the
departure of thy good son. He hath in-
deed departed from this narrow and
gloomy World which is darkened by un-
limited sorrow, unto the Kingdom which
is spacious, illumined, joyous and beau-
tiful. God delivered him from this dark
Well and promoted him unto the Su-
preme Height! He gave him wings
whereby he soared to the heaven of hap-
piness. Verily, this is the great mercy
from him who is precious and forgiving.
(Tablets of Abdul-Baha; page 51.)
We are living in a day when so many
people rely wholly or solely upon mat-
ter. They imagine that the size of a
great ship, that the perfection of the
machinery or the skill of a captain will
ensure the safety of a vessel. These
things (referring to the recent sinking of
the magnificent steamship, the T/ita-n-io,
through the collision with an iceberg)
ta.ke place sometimes that men may know
that there is a Protector and that is God.
If God protects man, if it be his will,
a little ship sometimes escapes death, but
if he shall rely solely on a ship, though
it be the greatest, biggest ship, though
it may be well built, though the captain
be the best captain, yet in a danger such
as was present on the ocean it may not
survive or escape, so that the people of
the world may know that they must turn
to the One who is the Protector. So that
souls may rely upon the preservation of
God and that they may know that he
is the real Keeper. These events do
sometimes occur for such reasons as those
sta.ted. They take place in order that
man 's faith may increaseone imagine that these
words should lead men to think that
they must not be thorough in their un-
dertakings. God has endowed man with
intelligence, so that he may use his in-
telligence. Therefore, he must supply
himself with all that science can offer.
He must be most deliberate and most
careful. He must be ever thorough in
his undertakings. He must build a thing
well, build the best ship that his in-
genuity can lead him to, and employ the
most skilled captain, but with all that
let him rely upon God. Let him con-
sider God as the One Keeper.
(Abdul-Baha: Star the West; Vol. 3,
No. 3, p. 15.)
have heard thy cries and am con-
scious of thy tears. Remember at all
times and in all places that God is
faithful and do not doubt this. Be pa-
tient even though great calamities may
come upon thee. Yet fear not! Be firm
in the path of thy Lord; as a mountain
unmoved, unchanging in thy steadfast-
ness."
These words were written by Baha'o-
'lla-h to- Mirza I-Iaider Ali to strengthen
him during great persecutions. In his
early days Mirza Haider Ali traveled
from city to city in Persia proclaiming
with great wisdom and love the glad
tidings of the new and divine day which
was dawning upon the earth. But the
fanatical religious leaders to whom the
vision of universal brotherhood and
peace was too bright to be endured soon
persecuted him with terrible bitterness.
At one time he was beaten and driven
through the streets of a city by a wild
and howling mob. During this experi-
ence he eried out, "This is my triuniphal
procession." Again he was transported
from one prison to another in a. very
cruel fashion. His hands and feet were
tied and he was put in a bag, head
downward, and flung across the back of
a donkey. Another Bahai was put in a
bag on the donkey's other side. The
head of each of the prisoners dragged

