STAR OF THE WEST 227
"Today the penetrative power in the heart of the World
is the power of the Covenant"
(Continued from page 223)
of the Covenant in Which he has cov-
enanted with us to obey a certain Center
of the Covenant. He has not covenanted
with us to obey you. Therefore this
statement of yours is rejected. You will
have to advance a proof. \/Ve are com-
manded to turn to one Center. We do
not obey various centers. The Blessed
Perfection has taken a Covenant with
us and We are holding to this Covenant
and Testament. We do not listen to such
nonsense."
Perhaps people Will arise Who may
speak Words of their own and We are
not commanded to obey them. This is
not like the past dispensation, for His
Holiness Christ did not appoint a Cen-
ter; he did not say, "Obey the Center."
Jesus said to his disciples: "But Whom
say ye that I am?" And Simon Peter
answered and said, Thou art the Christ,
the Son of the Living God, the Word of
God." And His Holiness Wished to make
firm the faith of Peter, and he said,
"Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I
will build. my means
that this faith of his was the correct
faith. It Was a sanction of the faith
of Peter. He did not say that all should
turn to him. He did not say, "He is
the appointed Center of my Covenant."
He did not say, "He is the Branch ex-
tended from my Ancient Root." He
did not say, God! Render as dear all
who serve Peter. God! degrade any-
one who is not obedient to him. God!
Verily shun him Who is a Violator of the
Covenant. God! Thou knowest that
I love every one Who is steadfast in the
Covenant." In all Baha'o'llah's Books
and Epistles this has been revealed.
Therefore, the Bahai dispensation is dis-
tinguished. No one can cause any dif-
ferences. After Christ there Were vari-
ous sects, there were various denomina-
tions, each one claiming to be the right
one, and none of them had any Written
document from Christ--no proof from
him. Therefore each claimed to be the
right one, but Baha'o'llah, with his own
pen, has Written a Covenant and Testa-
ment in Which he declares himself cov-
enanting that the one Who is the Center
of the Covenant is the one to be turned
to. Therefore you must thank God that
Baha'o'llah has made the pathway
straight. Everything he has illustrated
and every door he has opened for you.
There is no occasion for any hesitation
on the part of any soul. The purpose
of the Covenant was simply to Ward ofif
differences, so no one can say, "My opin-
ion is the valid one." Any opinion ex-
pressed by the Center of the Covenant is
correct, and there is no Way for diso-
bedience for anyone.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Star of the
West, Vol. 5, No. 13, p. 231.)
 ii-3
Thou hast Written regarding the love
and unity of the believers and their firm-
ness in the Covenant. This is through
the confirmation of the Kingdom of
Abha which has attracted those souls and
made them steadfast in the Covenant.
Today the penetrative power in the heart
of the World is the power of the Coven-
ant. The more firm the believers are,
the more they are confirmed.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Extract from
Tablet to American believers; translated
by Mirza Sohrab, July 16, 1913.)
Firmness in the Covenant means
obedience, so that no one may say this is
my opinion. Nay, rather he must obey
that Which proceeds from the pen and
tongue of the Covenant. I am Abdul-
Baha. The crown of my head is the
servitude of Baha'o'llah and the service
of his believers.
("Words of Abdul-Baha: Extract from
Tablet; translated March 4, 1913.)
 _i

