102 STAR OF
the thinkers of the age neither were they
counted great geniuses; but through the
power of the Holy Spirit they were able
to confer universal instruction upon
many nations.
They illumined the world of morality.
They laid the foundation of a spiritual
sovereignty which is everlasting. It
is the s.a.me with those souls who have
entered the tabernacle of the Cause of
God. Although not important in ap-
pearance, yet everyone is confirmed in
stimulating the -cause of general moral
instruction. Therefore it has become
evident that real spiritual universal edu-
cation cannot be realized save through
the breath of the Holy Spirit. Man
must not look a.t his own capabilities,
but think of the power of the Holy
Spirit.
(W0-1*ds of Abdul-Baha: From Asiatic
Quarterly Review, April, 1918.)
This power is not verbal. It must be
actual, demonstrative, dynamic. This
power has gone out of the body of Islam.
The Islamic World cannot grasp the po-
litical principles of modern times and is
devoid of spiritual potency. If they de-
sire tremendous progress. in as short a
time as possible they must obtain spirit-
ual potency, thus reforming and chang-
ing all the various branches of the insti-
tutional life. The western nations for
the last five centuries have steadily been
going forward and, with superhuman
energy pushing further and further the
frontiers of ignorance and illiteracy, they
have- attained to their present unassail-
able position. Now if the Islamic people
start on this path with the same deter-
mination and constancy it will take them
at least five centuries before they could
reach the up-to-date level of western civ-
ilization. This is of course a slow proc-
ess and, as I told you they must attain
to celestial power. Then you will ob-
serve their magical advancement.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, October 25,
1913.) 
THE WEST
The power of the Holy Spirit is here
for a.ll.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Talks Given in
Paris; p. 78.)
No philosophy, no system, has ever
changed the manners and customs of the
people for the better. The morals of the
philosophers who are not enlightened
by the divine Spirit are inferior. An
ignorant man filled with the Holy Spirit,
is powerful. He who is educated by the
Holy Spirit can in his turn educate
others in the same spirit.
The life and morals of a spiritual man
are in themselves" an education to others.
Let your thoughts, words and actions
bring life to those around you. Do not
think of your own limitations; dream
only of the Welfare of the Kingdom of
Abha. See the influence of Jesus
Christ among his apostles, then consider
their influence on others. These simple
men Were helped by the power of the
Holy Spirit. So may you receive the
divine assistance. Our capabilities are
limited, but the help of the Kingdom of
Abha is limitless. The earth of itself
has no properties of life, but it is fer-
tilized by the sun and the rain. The
earth must not consider its own limited
power. Likewise may you be given life,
may the rain of the divine niercy and
the Sun of Truth make your gardens
fruitful so that many beautiful flowers
of exquisite fragrance and hue may blos-
som there in abundance.
of Abdul-Baha: Star of the
West; Vol. 3, No. 2, p. 6.)

The captive of the Holy Spirit is ex-
empt from every captivity.
(Abdul-Baha.)
Verily, thy Lord will assist and in-
spire thee with the breath of the Holy
Spirit and will cause thee to utter the

