STAR OF THE VVEST 5
so much more sensitive than at present
that the man of great wealth will not en-
joy his luxury, in comparison with the
deplorable poverty about him. He will
be forced, for his own happiness, to ex-
pend l1is wealth to procure better con-
ditions for the community in which he
lives."
\Vhen Abdul-Baha first arrived in
England he was the guest of a friend
i11 a village not far from London. The
evident poverty around l1im in this
wealthy country distressed l1im greatly.
I-le would walk out in the town, garbed
in his white turban and long Persian
coat, and all eyes were centered upon
this strange visitor, who, the people had
been told, was "a holy ma11 from the
East." Naturally the children were at-
tracted to him, followed him, pulled at
his coat, or his hand, and were imme-
diately taken into his arms and caressed.
This delighted them, of course, and chil-
dre11 are never afraid of Abdul-Baha,
but what pleased and amazed them still
more was that when they were put down
they found in their little hands a shilling
or sixpence from the capacious pockets
of "the holy 1nan's" long coat. Such
bits of silver were a rarity in their ex-
perience, and they ran home with joy
to tell the tale of the generous stranger
from the Orient, possessed apparently of
an endless store of shining sixpences.
The childrencrowded after him and
so ,many sixpences were dispensed that
the friend who entertained Abdul-Baha
became alarmed, and talked the matter
over with Miss Robarts, who was also
a guest in the house. "It is a shame!"
they said indignantly. "He comes to us
accepting nothing, and 'is giving to our
people all the time! It must not go on!"
That day Abdul-Baha had bestowed
many sixpences, and people had come
from the neighboring villages, bringing
their children to receive the blessing
from "the holy man,' '-and of course
the sixpenees! About nine o'elock in
the evening the ladies decided that no
one else must see Abdul-Baha that night.
But as they waited outside the cottage,
a man came up the path, ca.rrying one
baby, and with others clinging to him.
'When he asked for "the holy man,"
however, he was told severely that he
could not be seen, he was very tired and
had gone to bed. The man sighed, as
he said, "Oh, I have Walked six miles
from far away to see him. I am so
sorry!"
The hostess responded severely, feel-
ing that the desire for had-
prompted the journey perhaps more than
religious enthusiasm, and the man sighed
more deeply than ever, and was turning
away, when suddenly Abdul-Baha came
around the corner of the house. The
way in which he embraced the man and
all the babies was so Wonderful, that
the hearts of the too careful friends
melted within them, and when he at last
sent away the unbidden guests, com-
forted, their hearts full of joy, their
hands bursting with sixpences, the two
friends looked at one another and said:
"How wrong we were! Vlle will never
again try to manage Abdul-Baha!"
Perhaps the most beautiful encounters
with the poor he had in the Occident
were at the Salvation Army headquar-
ters in London, and the Bowery Mission
in New York. Here he consoled the men
for their poverty, saying: "Do not eon-
sider your poverty a degradation. The
greatest of men have always been poor,
the poets, and philosophers and benefac-
tors of the race. Christ had not where
to lay his head. The Messengers of God
are ever overwhelmed by poverty and
persecution. Moses was an outcast, and
Mohammed a wanderer and an exile.
Baha'o'llah suffered the utmost poverty
and oppression, and I have known noth-
ing but poverty and prison walls.' 
In London he gave the men a sum
for a New Year 's dinner which should
duplicate the Christmas feast, and at
the Bowery Mission he shook hands with
each man at the close of the evening and
gave him a quarter. A year afterward
nearly every one of those men had kept
his quarter because as one of them said:
"That was a heavenly man, a.nd his

