STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post oflice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3. 1879.
Edilorial R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Memlier-MIRZA AHMAD Sonnan
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add suflicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
I I I TABLET FROM ABDUL.-BAHA.
than Star of the West! I-IE IS 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshahable, become the object of the attention
of the f1-lends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firnmess, fiwimess,
fimmess! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA 
Vol. HKamal 1, 73 (August 20, 1917)" pi q*No. 9
Conduct of the Assembly and Duties of
Its Committee of Consultation
Words of Abdul-Baha: From the Diary of Mirza Mahmood. Translated by
Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi, Chicago
ABDUL-BAIIA addressed the Bahai
children in the parlor of the Plaza
Hotel, Chicago, on the morning of May 5,
1912. After embracing them with the
utmost tenderness, and giving them
candy and flowers, he said, "According
to the Words of Christ, you are the chil-
dren of the Kingdom. And according
to the Words of Baha'o'llah, you are the
candles of the World 0-f humanity, for
your hearts are in the utmost chastity,
and your souls are in the utmost holi-
ness. You are not entangled by this
World. And like unto a mirror, your
hearts are pure and clear. Your fathers
and mothers must train you with the
utmost tenderness and teach you the
best manners and iperfections, in order
that you may be perfectly qualified with
the virtues of the World of humanity;
that you may advance in all the sta-
tions, that you may acquire sciences: and
arts, become the cause of the manifesta-
tion of everlasting bountics and univer-
sal progress."
Then Abdul-Baha turned and spoke
to the friends:
a.m going, but you must arise to
serve the Word of God. Your hearts
must become pure and your intentions
sincere, in order that you may become
the recipients o-f the divine bestowals.
Consider that, although the sun shines
equally upon all things, ye-1: in the clear
mirror the reflection is n10St brilliant and
not in the black stone. That great bril-
liancy and its heat are produced because
of the clearness of the glass and the
If there Were no clearness and
purity, no such effects Would have been
manifested. Likewise, should the rain
fall on salty earth, it would never have
effect. But, if it falls on a good, pure
soil, it becomes green and verdant and
brings forth fruits.
"Today is the day when the pure
hearts have a. sha.re of the everlasting
bestowals and the sanctified souls are
being illumined by the eternal manifes-
tations. Praise be to God, you are be-
lievers in God; assured by the Words of
God and are turned to the Kingdom of
God. You have heard the divine call.
Your hearts are moved by the breezes
of the paradise of Abha. You have good
intentions. Your purpose is the good-
pleasure of God. You desire to serve
in the Kingdom of the Merciful One.

