STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened,
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes;
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Sultan 1, 73 (January 19, 1918) No. 17
"Today the penetrative power in the heart of the World
is the power of the Covenant"
ESUS CHRIST said only a few
words to Peter, telling him that
upon that rock he would build his
church. He left no Written instruction
or Will, and yet because it was the Word
of God, it took root, and millions have
obeyed it. And now, When the Covenant
has been Written and established, how
can any one be foolish enough to imagine
that they can resist it? No, the ensign
of the Covenant has reached to the su-
preme heights, and its authority Will be
spread over all the earth.
(Wo1'ds of Abdul-Baha: Prayers, In-
structions, Miscellany gathered by Amer-
ican visitors to Acca in 1900.)
_l 
Moses said that after him should come
Joshua. The Christ said, addressing
Peter "Thou art the rock and I will
build my temple upon this rock." Jesus
spoke this to Peter by Word of mouth.
The Blessed Perfection* did not appoint
his successor by statement of tongue, but
in the K/itab-el-Ahid (Book of the Cov-
enant), he wrote it with his own hand,
commanding therein that all the branches
and relations should look toward the Cen-
ter of the Covenant. Also in the Kitab-eL
Alcdas revealed thirty years before his
ascension, it is mentioned in tWo places.
During these thirty years these com-
mands of the Blessed Perfection were
known and clearly understood by all.
Again in a tablet he refers specifically
*"Baha 'o 'llah.
to this, naming one Who would violate
his commands.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Ten Days in
the I/ight of Acca, p. 62.)
 -
Real obedience and real sacrifice are
readiness to follow
and perform Whatever you are called
upon to do in the Cause of God. \/Vhen
you really love God you will be Willing
to sacrifice everything and submit your-
self entirely to his Will. Consecrate
yourself Wholly to him. His will is
everything, his service paramount. If
they Were to burn me, kill or torture me
--no matter What affliction might de-
scend upon me, I would Welcome it as one
Welcomes pleasure. These are precious
moments in Acca; so precious we wish
that they might never end. . . . After
your return (to America) the believers
will be in a much stronger and better
condition. But this cannot be unless
they see and know the Will and desire
of God. I have no Wish but his Will.
His Will is Abdul-Baha. If each human
creature had his oWn Will and Way, spir-
itual development would be impossible.
The soldiers in an army are under the
will and control of one commander;
therefore they are united and can press
on to victory. If each soldier carried
out his. own inclination and desire there
Would be just that many different inten-
tions and nothing would be accomplished.

