STAR OF THE WEST 153
a.re planning to have Mr. an1es F. Mo-r-
ton, Jr. and Dr. I-Iilles Cole, of New
York City, in the near future. Visiting
friends who are available for addresses
on Sunday nights are invited to com-
municate with Mr. Hannen, the Secre-
tary of the Assembly, at P. O. Box 1319.
Mr. Louis G. Gregory is planning to
leave for an extended teaching tour,
having clos-ed his home and given up his
business for that purpose, and Rev. D. S.
Tate is also booked for an extended visit
in the South, where he will teach the
Cause in a very wide area.
It is contemplated that in the STAR OF
THE a compilation of teachings
and instructions concerning the teaching
of children will soon be published, this
having been assembled by the Committee
appointed for that purpose following the
action of the Boston Convention.
Pauline A. Hamtem.
A Communication to the Government at Washington
This letter was composed and compiled by Alfred E. Lunt, at the request of the
. executive board of the Bahai Temple Unity during its recent meeting in
Green Acre, and sent to the officials at Washington, D. C.
August 30, 1917.
Department of State,
Washington, D. C.
Dear Sirs:
It seems opportune and may prove of
assistance to the Government in view of
the existing state of wo-rld war in which
our country is a participant, if we rec-
ord at this time with the Department of
State certain of the laws: and precepts
of Baha'o'llah and Abdul-Baha relative
to the fundamental attitude and duty of
the Bahais, at such a time as this, toward
existing governments and especially the
government of the United States. These
laws and precepts are plain and unequiv-
ocal and require no elucidation by us,
nor is it our purpose to attempt to inter-
pret them or call attention to other than
their plain meaning. We would respect-
fully emphasize only the peculiar and
striking relevancy o-f these principles to
the special circumstances surrounding
this world war and to the aspirations of
the nations concerning the establishment
of an ultimate lasting peace.
1. One of the great laws of Baha'o'-
llah, the founder of the Bahai movement,
is this":
"In every country or government
where any of this (Bahai) community
resides, they must behave toward that
government with faithfulness, trus-tful-
ness and truthfulness." (See Glad
Tidrings, 5th.)
2. Abdul-Baha, the center and leader
pf the Bahai movement since the depar-
ture of Baha'o'llal1 in 1892, in a Tablet
issued some years before the outbreak of
the present War, said:
"My object in telling the American
believers that they should not interfere
in the affairs of the government is this:
that they should not make any trouble
and that they should not move against
the opinion of the government; but
obedience to the laws and the admin-
istration of the Commonwealth is nec-
essary.
3. Speaking of certain Bahais, citizens
of a foreign belligerent country which
in 1914 was enforcing conscription laws,
Abdul-Baha said "their duty is to obey
their government."
4. In the book entitled Some An-
swered Qu-estions, published by Kegan
Paul, Trench, Trubner Co., Ltd., Lon-
don, 1908, at pages 309 and 310, Abdul-
Baha re-capitulates the true principles
underlying the words of Christ "Who-
soever shall smite thee on the right cheek,
turn to him the left also-. says:
"This was for the purpose of teach-
ing men not to take personal revenge.

