24-2 STAR OF
Consequently, it is made clear that for
holy souls, trials are as the gift of God,
the Exalted; but for weak souls they are
a.n unexpected calamity. This test is
just as thou hast written; it removeth
the rust of egotism from the mirror of
the heart until the Sun of Truth may
shine therein. For, no veil is greater
than egotism and no matter how thin
that covering may be, yet it will finally
veil man entirely and prevent him from
receiving a portion of the eternal bounty.
(Tablets of Abdul-Baha; p. 722.)
Be not sorrowful on account of the
affliction of Abdul-Baha, for calamity is
a light whereby his face glistens among
the Supreme Concourse; affliction is
healing to his breast, jo-y to his heart,
happiness to his soul; nay, rather, a
most honored garment upon his temple,
best gown upon his body, and dearest
crown on his head. This is his utmost
desire.
(Abdul-Baha: From_ Tablet to Johns-
town Ba.hai Assembly; translated June
24, 190-2.)
Ye have expressed words of solicitude
and anxiety over the troubles and per-
secutions Which have fallen upon this
imprisoned one. Do not be at all sad,
be ye not affected. Do not worry, for
incarceration to this prisoner is a feast
of bliss and a perpetual paradise. Per-
secutions and adversities are the merci-
ful gifts. If these persecutions and suf-
ferings did not exist in the path of God,
how could Abdul-Baha obtain happiness
and peace? Through the appearance of
tests, my heart is consoled, and through
the experiencing of dire afflictions my
soul is calmed.
(Abdul-Baha: From Tablet to Oakland
Assembly; translated July 17, 1908.)

Haji Kamaleddin was one of God's
own servants, severed from aught else
THE WEST
save him, enkindled, trusting in God
and free from every tie. Before accept-
ing this Cause, he was much respected
and honored in Narag. When he
embraced this Cause, they pursued
him with such dogged perseverance and
enmity that he was finally obliged to
leave his native land and come to
Bagdad. Having arrived, he found
himself in most difficult circumstances.
and in great need of his daily bread.
Being a man of letters, he had never
essayed any work; but putting aside his
pride, he a small capital
given to him-~a little grocery shop at
the entrance to the curious boat-shaped
bridge of the Euphrates, where multi-
tudes of people cross and recross daily.
Not for one moment did he think of his
noble connections nor brood over his for-
mer position of leisure, ease and 
honor. He never bothered his mind over
what his many might think
who passed yearly by his store to visit
the Holy Shrine of the Imams in Najaf
and Karbala; nay, rather, he sat there
serene and with the happiness of the
Kingdom and the joy of heaven in his
heart. The spiritual station of that
household will become evident in the fu-
ture. Whenever he would hear that
the Blessed Perfection had gone to
Kazemain, although the distance was
several miles and the weather hot, he
would immediately shut his store and
start for that town afoot. Although at
that time one could hire a donkey for
five cents yet he could not very well
afford this lavish expenditure. Never-
theless you never saw him cross or bad-
tempered. He was a source o-f delight
and happiness to all. Such souls are
the bright gems in the crown of exist-
ence.
(Abdul-Baha: From Diary of Mirza
Sohrab, June 21, 1914.)
Grieve not at the divine trials. Be
not troubled because of hardships and
ordeals; turn unto God, bowing in hum-

