58 STAR OF
arise in the Cause of God. at this time
shall be filled With the Spirit of God.
And God will send his hosts from heaven
to help you and nothing shall be im-
possible to you if you have faith. And
now I give you a commandment which
shall be for a covenant, . . . that ye
ha.ve faith; that your faith be steadfast
as a rock which no storms can move,
which nothing can disturb, and that it
endure through all things even to the
end. . . . Be not shaken in your
faith. . . . As ye have faith so shall
your powers and blessings be. This is
the balance; this is the balance; this is
the balance!
(\Vords of Abdul-Baha from An Early
Pell-grimage by Mrs. May Maxwell.)
The foundation o-f praisewo-rthy vir-
tues is faith. The greater the faith of
man the more illumined his life. Faith
is a miracle; it has a wonder-working
power. Its spiritual influence refines
the character, suffers man to become
humble and meek, places in his heart the
fear of God, prompts him to devote his
time to humanitarian deeds-, spiritualizes
his nature, exalts his ideals and enkindles
his lamp. The greater the faith of man
the more numerous will b-e his philan-
thropic actions. Faith is like unto the
trees, deeds are like unto the fruits.
Faith is like unto the lamp, deeds are
like- unto the light.
(Words of Abdul-B-aha: Extract from
Address quoted in Diary of Mirza
Ahmad Sohrab, March 2, 1914.)
Question: Wha.t is real faith?
Answer: Faith outwardly means to
believe in the message a. Manifestation
b-rings to the world and accept the ful-
fillment in him of that which the proph-
ets have announced. But in reality faith
embodies three degrees: to confess with
the tongue; to believe in the heart; to
show forth in our actions. These three
things are essential to true faith. The
important requirement is the love oi
THE WEST
God in the heart. For instance, we say
a lamp gives light. In reality the oil
which burns produces the illumination,
b-ut the lamp and the chimney are neces
sary before the light can express itself.
The love of God is the light. The tongue
is the chimney or the medium by which
that love finds expression. It also pro-
tects -the light. Likewise the members
of the body reflect the inner light by
their actions. So the tongue confesses in
speech and the parts of the body confess
in their actions the love of God within
the soul of a true believer. Thus it was
that Peter confessed Christ by his tongue
and his actio-ns. When the tongue and
actions reflect the love of God the real
qualities of man are revealed. Christ
said "You will know them by their
fruits"; that is, by their deeds. If a
believer shows forth divine qualities we
know that true faith is in his heart. If
we do not find evidence of these qual-
ities, if he is selfish or wicked, he has
not the true kind of faith. Faith is men-
tioned in the Scriptures as the "second
birth" or "everlasting life." In this
day true belief is the Spirit of God
Many claim to possess true faith, but it
is rare, and when it exists it cannot be
destroyed.
(\/Vords of Abdul-Baha: Ten Days
in the Light of Acca, p. 59.)
By our actions we reveal what is grow-
ing in the heart. Actions are mirrors
of the soul . . .
Faith is not so much what We believe
as what we carry out.
("Words of Abdul-Baha: Ten Days in
the Light of Acca, pp. 11-12.)
Man must prove whatsoever he speak-
eth by deeds and actions. If he claims
faith he must live and do according to
the teachings of the Kingdom of Abha.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From a Tab-
let to two Chicago believers.)

