STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, -515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post ofiice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 187 9.
Editorial R. WINDUST-- GERTRUDE BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member--M1RzA AHMAD 
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add sufiicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S. A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA. 
0 than Star of the West! as 1s 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper _of_ the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are l1m1t_ed,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshak_ab1e, become the_ob1ect of the attentlon
of the friends and the center of_ the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at
last thou shalt become the first pap.er of the world of humanity. Yet all these_c1epend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness!  if i (Szgned) 7 ABDUL-BAHA Arms. 
y?i. Massa'ul 1, 73 (December No.1?
"The people are vociferously discussing this Manifestation
and all nations are investigating"
(This Tablet, revealed by Abdul-Baha for the Persian Bahais some years ago,
was translated by Dr. Zia M. Bagd adi, Chicago, November 29, 1917.)
HE IS 
ye beloved and ideal friends of God!
The divine voice from the invisible Kingdom of Abha. is reaching those
who are asleep in the valley of unconsciousness with the call 
ye heedless, awake!
ye drunken, be sober!
ye dead, arise!
ye wilted, be revived and full of vigor!
ye dumb, speak!
ye silent, cry out!
The voice is the melody of the Covenant, and the effulgences are from
the Light of the bountiful b-cstowals of the horizons. It is the breeze of the
meadows of singleness that is blowing and the effusion of the fragrances of the
rose gardens that are wafting; it is the candle of the favor of the Ancient
Beauty (Baha'o'llah) that is lighted in every assembly; it is the outpouring
of the clouds of mercy that is bestowing freshness to every garden and lawn;
it is the verse of oneness that is uttered in the glorious Book, and the tablets
of the unique Lord of the Kingdom are unfolding the mysteries of "they are
clothed by the new creation"; incline your ears in order that ye may hear the
melody of joy, and open your eyes to see the lights.
The favor of the Truth is abundant and His ancient bestowal is uninter-
rupted. His cycle is all light. His century fulfills all the signs. Be not hope-
less neither disappointed. It is the day of hope and the century of the Glorious
God. It is the first resurrection and the dispensation of the Beauty of Abha 
May my soul be a ransom to I-Iis Blessed Threshold.
In every horizon His light is brilliant and in every region His bounty is
manifest. His great fame has filled the east and the west. The song of His
divinity has encompassed the south and the north, and caused a tumult among
the pillars of the world, making the hearts of the sons of Adam to quake.

