42 STAR OF THE VVEST
the verse, "We will lift up from be-
fore his eyes the veil," will become ful-
filled in him.
(VVords of Abdul~Bal1a; from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, June 18,
1914.)
Abdul-Baha said We should speak in
the language of heaven_in the language
of the spirit-for there is a language
of the spirit- and heart. It is as differ-
ent from our language as our own
language is different from that of the
animals, who express themselves only by
cries and sounds.
When We pray to God a feeling fills
our hearts-. This is the language of the
spirit which 'speaks to God.
When in prayer We are freed from
all outward things and turn to God,
then it is as if in our hearts W6 heard
the voice of God. VVit-hout Words; we
speak, we communicate, we converse
with God and hear the answer. It is
said that Moses in the wilderness heard
the voice of God. But that Wilderness,
that holy land was his own heart. All
of us when We attain to a true spiritual
condition can hear the voice of God
speaking to us in that Wilderness. W"e
must strive to attain to that condition
b-y being separated from all things and
from the people of the World and by
turning to God alone. It will take some
effort on the part of man to attain to
that condition but he must Work for
it, strive for it. We can attain to it
by thinking and caring less for ma.terial
things and more for the spiritual. The
further We go from the one, the nearer
We are to the other-the choice is ours!
Our spiritual perception, our inward
sight must be opened so that We can
see the signs and traces of God's spirit
in everything. can reflect
to us the light of the spirit.
(Vllords of Abdul-Baha; extract from a
talk given to Miss Laura Barney.)
When asked if prayer Was necessary
since presumably God knows the wishes
of all our hearts Abdul-Baha said;
"If one friend feels love for another
he will Wish to say so. Though he knows
that the friend is aware that he loves
him, he will still wish to say so. If there
is anyone that you love do you not seek
an opportunity to speak with him, to
speak lovingly with him, to bring him
gifts, to Write him letters"? If you do
not feel such a desire it would be that
you did not love your friend. God
knows the wishes of all hearts. But the
impulse to pray is a natural one spring-
ing from man 's love to God.
"If there be no love, if there be no
pleasure or spiritual enjoyment in
prayer, do not pray. Prayer should
spring from love, from the desire of the
person to commune with God. Just as the
lover never ceases from Wishing to com-
municate with the beloved so does the
lover of God always Wish for constant
communication With the Deity.
"Prayer need not be in Words, but in
thought and attitude. But if this love
and this desire are lacking it is useless
to try to force them. 'Words Without
love mean not-hing. If a person t'alks
to you as an unpleasant duty with no
love or pleasure in his meeting With you,
do you Wish to converse with him? Ef-
forts should first be made to make at-
tachment to God." 
When asked how this attachment is
to be made, how the love of God is to be
obtained, since there are many people
in the World Who admit the existence of
a Deity but Without any emotion, Abdul-
Baha said:
"Knowledge is love. Study, listen to
exhortations, think, try to understand
the Wisdom and greatness of God. . . .
The soil must be fertilized before the
seed be sown."
(Words of Abdul~Baha, from an article
in The Review, June, 1911,
by Miss E. S. Stevens.)
Man becomes like a stone unless he
continually supplicates to God. The

