78 STAR OF
is submerged in the ocean of divine
mercy. God is the Father of all. He
educates all. He provides for all. He
loves all. For they are all His serv-
ants and His creation. Surely the Cre-
ator loves His creatures. It would be
impossible to find an artist Who does not
love his own production. Have you ever
seen a man who did not love his own
actions? Even though they be bad ac-
tions he loves them. How igno-rant
therefore the thought that God who cre-
ated man, educated and nurtured him,
surrounded him with all blessings, made
the sun and all phenomenal existence
for his benefit, bestowed upon him ten-
derness and kindness, and then did not
love him. This is palpable ignorance,
for no matter to what religion a man
belongs even though he be an atheist
or materialist nevertheless God nur-
tures him, bestows His kindness and
sheds upon him His light. How then
can We believe God is inimical and un-
loving? How ca.n We even imagine this
when as a matter of fact, We are wit-
nesses of the tenderness and mercy of
God upon every hand. All about us We
behold manifestations of the love of
God. If therefore God be loving, What
should We do? "Te have nothing else
to do but to emulate Him. Just as God
loves all and is kind to all, so must we
really love and be kind to everybody.
\Ve must consider none bad, none
Worthy of detestation, no one as an en-
emy. We must love all;-nay we must
consider every one as our relation, for
all are the servants of one God. All are
under the inst'ructions of one educator.
We must strive day and night that love
and amity may increase,--that this bond
of unity may be strengthened,--that joy
and ha.ppiness may more and more pre-
vail,--that in unity and solidarity all
mankind may gather beneath the shadow
of God,--that people may turn to God
for their sustenance, finding in Him the
life that is everlasting. Thus may they
be confirmed in the Kingdom of God and
live forever through His grace and
bounty.
THE WEST
Baha'o'llah has clearly said in his
Tablets that if you have an enemy, con-
sider him not as an enemy. Do not
simply be rather
love him. Your treatment of him should
be that which is becoming lovers. Do
not even say that he is your enemy. Do
not see any enemies. Though he be
your murderer, see no enemy. Look
upon him With the of friendship.
Be mindful that you do not consider
him as an enemy and simply tolerate
him, for that is but stratagem and hy-
pocrisy. To consider a man your enemy
and love him is hypocrisy. This is not
becoming of any soul. You must be-
hold him as a friend. You must treat
him Well. This is right.
"We return to the sub-ject: When We
observe the phenomena of the universe,
We realize the axis around which life
revolves is love, While the axi.s around
which death and destruction revolve is
animosity and hatred. Let us view the
mineral kingdom. Here We see that if
attraction did not exist between the
atoms the substance of matter would
not cohere. Every existent phenomenon
you look upon is composed of single ele-
ments and cellular particles. This is
scientifically true and correct. If there
be no attraction among the elements and
among the cellular particles the compo-
sition of that phenomenon would never
have come into existence. For instance
the stone is an existent phenomenon.
The stone is mad-e up of single elements.
A bond of attraction has brought them
together and through this cohesion of
ingredients this petrous object has been
formed. The stone is the lowest degree
of phenomena but nevertheless Within it
a power of attraction is manifest with-
out Which the stone could not exist.
This power of attraction in the mineral
World is love,--the only expression of
love the stone can manifest.
Look now upon the next higher stage
of life vegetable kingdom. Here
We see that the plant is the result of co-
hesion among various elements, just as
the mineral in its kingdom. But furth-

