196
STAR OF THE WEST
according to Thy justice and wrath. Verily, Thou art the compassionate.
Verily, thou are the pardoner and, verily, thou art the forgiver.
my Lord, verily, the people of righteousness and goodness and the
communities of freedom in every country are turning to thee, at dusk and dawn
supplicating between Thy hands during the wing of the night and in the dew
of the morn, lamenting as a bereaved mother laments during the grievous
nights, burning with the fire of sorrow, yearning and separation. They are
longing for Thy meeting even with rending of soul, as they traverse the dunes
and the hills and cross the valleys and the heights. But these wars that demolish
mountains have interfered so that news has ceased and the doors are closed.
Lord, comfort them in their loneliness; deliver them from their terror
and guide them in their affairs.
my Lord, Thou knowest my sighs, my cries and my anguish, the burning
pain because of their separation; my great longing for their meeting, my yearn-
ing for their love, my desire for their remembrance and my anxiety to see them.
Day and night their remembrance is my treasure and my roses. When night
comes my heart loves the memory of their illumined faces. I yearn for them
as the nightingale yearns for the beautiful meadows.
my Lord, my Lord, open the doors; prepare for us the means; render
the path safe and pave the way so that the sincere ones may be reunited in
the lofty meetings; the attracted ones gathered together in Thy commemoration
in the great assemblies, to speak among the people of Thy bestowals, taste of the
honeycomb of Thy meeting. Then the breezes of acceptance will reach them and
they will be swayed thereby as if intoxicated by wine.
Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Dear, the Giver and, verily, Thou art the
Generous, the Compassionate, the Chosen One. 
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Centennial Celebration of the Birth of Baha'o'llah
(Continued from page 191)
was born who is the hope and dream of
all past centuries and ages, Baha'o'llah.
If Abdul-Baha were here he would see
radiant faces, expressing the Reality to
which he is always appealing. If we
bring ourselves into harmony with the
Reality, there is sure to- follow great con-
firmation and blessing.' 
Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi spoke on the Mis-
sion of Baha'o'llah. greet you in the
greatest name, Baha'o'llah. At a time
of indescribable hatred and animosity
among various nations and races the
Light of Baha'o'llah arose in the Orient.
If no-w you attend the gatherings of
these various peoples, you will find them
in the utmost harmony, joy and fra-
grance. Baha'o'llah broke the chains
of superstition and error, proved the
unity and singleness of Truth, and re-
moved the chains of imitation. He also
removed pride and the feeling of supe-
riority of one nation over another. An-
other chain he removed was that of
prejudice. The most bitter prejudice
among Orientals is religious. He proved
that the foundation of all religions is one.
He also removed racial prejudice, show-
ing the races that their colors are
like the different colors of birds and
flowers. And so with national preju-
dice. He proved that the earth is one
home. In like manner, he freed the
women from oppression and proved the
harmony between science, religion and
reason. He freed the world from the
-fetters of misunderstandings and raised
the banner of the oneness of humanity
from his great prison. These funda-
mental principles were revealed about

