STAR OF THE WEST 215
ting to resist the power o-f the Covenant
of God! "Wherefore, take example
from them, ye who have eyes!"
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Portion of
Tablet revealed for one of the Persian
believers. Translated about 1903.)

The confirmation of the Kingdom of
Abha shall descend 
those souls who are firm in the Cove-
nant. Thou hast well observed that every
firm one is assisted and aided and every
violator is degraded and humiliated and
lost. It is very astonishing that people
are not admonished. They have observed
how Mohammed-Ali, on account of the
violation of the Covenant, descended to
the lowest degree of humiliation and yet
they do not become mindful. They have
seen how others through disobedience to
the Testament have fallen into a well of
degradation, and yet they are not
awakened.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Sta-r of the
West, Vol. 4, No. 14, p. 240.)
 i.
Abdul-Baha said that he had seen the
faces of the American believers and he
was very glad--for their faces were radi-
ant with the light of the Covenant of
God, for the faces of those who violated
the Covenant of God would appear
veiled in darkness.
The Covenant of God is like the sun
--the brilliance and light of the Cove-
nant radiates and shines forth from the
faces of those who are firm in it. He
said: pray to the Blessed Perfection
that he will so turn their faces to the
Covenant, that all America may be en-
lightened by the brightness of their
light." . . . . The radiance of this Sun
(the Covenant) has been felt from here
to America, and notwithstanding all this,
the violators desire to quench the light
of the Covenant of God. They wish to
extinguish this light, but they do not
know that the light of God's Covenant
is kindled and comes from the presence
of God, and though it were surrounded
by all the Winds of the earth, they could
not prevail to blow it out.
The existent contingent World was
shaken by the Covenant of God, and yet
they wish to remove it by their most
weak power. It is as if a handful of
earth should endeavor to stop the waves
of the ocean. It is like a mote trying
to stop the rays of the sun from reach-
ing the earth.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Extract from
Prayers, Tablets, Instructions and Mis-
cellany, gathered by some American
visitors to Abdul-Baha in 1900.)

From the graces of His Holiness Baha-
'o'llah I beg for you firmness and stead-
fastness. Today whosoever is a herald
of the Covenant is confirmed and assisted.
In these days a number of souls, whose
deeds are known in- America as clear as
the sun, have arisen in enmity against
the Center of the Covenant. Theirs is
the vain imagination that they can ex-
tinguish the light of the Candle of the
Covenant. Vain indeed is their thought.
The Candle of the Covenant is like unto
the Morning Star which never sets.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From Diary
of Mirza Sohrab, October 19, 1914.)
 
Thy letter was received. It was an
indication that (thou art) firm and stead-
fast in the Covenant and Testament, and
art holding fast to the "Strong Rope."
Today firmness in the Covenant is the
means of the promotion of the Word of
God and conducive to the effect of the
word of man. Any explanation which
does not accord with the Covenant will
have no efiect whatever. Therefore, who-
soever heralds the Covenant of God, un-
questionably he is confirmed. This has
been tried a thousand times. Any soul
(Continued on page 216)

