STAR OF THE WEST 89
will be established upon the eternal throne o-f majesty. Their signs are eternal
and their fame universal. This is the glory of the Kingdom! This is the
heavenly bestowall This is the divine outpouring!
Now, praise be to God! that thou didst quaff from the goblet of the love
of God, became intoxicated with the wine of the knowledge of God, uuloosed
thy tongue in the glorification of the Lord of the Kingdom, and became assisted
and confirmed with the power of the Supreme.
Therefore, thank thou God, that thou hast become one of the chosen ones
and attained to the station of the favored ones.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Translated by Mirza. Ahmad Sohrab, Home of
Baha'0'llah, Acca, Syria, February 27, 1917.)
(Signed) ABDUDBAH.-1 
The Mashrak-el-Azkar and the Bahai Movement
BY JEAN MASSON
(From The Lake Shore News, Thursday, October 19, 1916.)
THE citizens of Wilmette are very
Well aware of the fact that, in the
fall of 1917, will be laid, near the south-
ern border of the town, the corner stone
of a Temple of Worship, which may
seem, to the uninformed, very mysteri-
ous, very occult and, consequently, alto-
gether undesirable. To the citizens of
Wilmette this event will be hardly less
momentous than to the followers them-
selves of the great Bahai Movement.
The Bahai Temple will be the initial
building of a great instituti0n--the
Mashrak-el-Azkar. Another mysterious
term, that surely has no place in Amer-
ica, least of all in the inoffensive town
of Wilmette!
Now, about this institution and the
movement, from which it emanates,
there is nothing mysterious, nothing oc-
cult, nothing condemnatory.
The Bahai Movement is the most prac-
tical religious movement in the World
today. It is the effort to bring again
into expression in human life and serv-
ice the essential teachings of the Christ.
That this reversion to Christian princi-
ples is vital to the continuance of the
human race, no one today will presume
to deny, with the terrible European War
and its vast! toll of carnage and hatred
and crimes unspeakable forever present
in his consciousness. The Bahai Move-
ment makes for the abolition of the hu-
man prejudices that induce division and
hatred and injustice among men.
Sometimes I have been asked why we
Bahais don't use intelligible English to
express what we are trying to do and
be, What we are trying to build.
The reason is very manifest. We
have no English Words ex-
pressive of these oriental terms. And
the English translation is cumbersome
and indirect and inadequate.
Bahai is the Arabic for glory or splen-
dor. A Bahai, therefore, is a follower
of the light. And he glories in the name,
because it is significant. It is a procla-
mation to the World of his connection
with the great founder of the move-
ment, Bal1a'o 'llah.
Mashrak-el-Azkar, another A a i 
term, signifies "the dawning place of
the mentionings of God." And this
dawning place will be not only a place
of prayer and the Worship of God, but
a place from which shall go forth actual
and selfless service to humanity, a re-
flection of service to God.
The sign erected upon the site of the
Mashrak-el-Azkar by the Bahai Assem-
bly of Chicago embodies, in general
terms, the purpose of the 
MASI-IRAK-EL-AZKAR
"These grounds are the site of an edi-
fice to be erected as an 'evident stand-

