STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, I1l., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post office at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Editorial Stafli-- ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member--'MrizzA AHMAD SOHRAB 
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add suflicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to NEWS SERVICE, P. O._Boic 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A. 
TABLET FROM ABPUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! ms IS coo.
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clirne. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshak_able, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant. in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wicle--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, fiTmflEJJ,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Anms.
Vol. Rahmat 1, 73 (June 24-, 1917,) No. 6
A prayer by Abdul-Baha
Translated by Ghodsia Khanum and Miss ]uliet Thompson
my God! my God!
Thou beholdest and knowest
That refuge or shelter save thee
Have I not found,
Nor shall I find.
And beside the highroad of thy love
No pathway have I ever trodden,
Or shall I tread.
In mid-night's dark, fear-haunted vigils
The morn of thine infinite mercy
Awakens and brightens
The of my soul.
And when the Sun upriseth,
This withered heart, reviving in the light
Of thy perfection,
In rapture communes.
Each drop though infinitesimally small,
'When assisted by the Waves of the Eternal Outpouring
Becomes a limitless sea.
A11d every atom by a ray from the Effulgence
Of thy bounty baptized,
Is as a sun of beaming splendor
And of power.
Wherefore, pure Creator!
To this thy servant,
Enraptured, afire,
Grant a shelter in thy secret habitation.
And make him While in this passing World
In thy love and friendship,
Steadfast and faithful.

