STAR OF THE WEST 195
they change what is within themselves." "And when they forgot God, He made
them forget themselves."
my Lord, verily, the nations have gone too deep into the fields of battle
and struggle. Nothing will check this sweeping torrent and this grinding war
but Thy mercy, which has encompassed that which was and is.
Lord, do not deal with us according to our offenses and forgive our
sins and trespasses. Imperfections are the characteristic of everything possible
of creation in the arena of Thy world. And to Thy forgiveness and pardon
Thou hast accustomed every one in existence.
my Lord, only favor and mercy to every sinner, who has fallen into the
pit of degradation and Wretchedness, is befitting to divinity and only by the
imperfections of servitude will the perfections of divinity become manifest. 
Lord, verily, the brilliant rays of the Sun of Reality are the removers of the
utter darkness and the pure water cleanses the foulness and the sorrow of the
world.
my Lord, verily, the sins are b-ubbling foam and a full ocean is Thy
mercy. Trespasses are bitter trees and Thy pardon is a fire whose flame is
intense.
my Lord, remove the veil, scatter this dense cloud on the horizon, extin-
guish the-se fires, subdue this flood, in order to stanch the bloodshed, as com-
passion to the widows and mercy to the orphans, that these hurricanes may cease,
the thunderbolts be extinguished, the torrents quelled, the land become visible,
the souls find composure, and the breasts be dilated. And we will thank Thee for
Thy abundant favor, Thou dear! Thou forgiver!
my Lord, verily, thou hast clearly stated in the tablets and scriptures,
that, had the ordinances fallen on solid rock, rivers would have gushed forth and
it had crumbled to pieces from fear of the Dear, the Powerful. But the hearts
are harder than the rocks. And the souls are in heedlessness and pride. The
people of heedlessness do not profit by the verses and exhortations.
my Lord, verily, Thy exhortations are celebrated and have been spread
broadcast, in the east and the west of the earth. Thou hast called all to love
and harmony and to forsake discord in all regions, so that the east of the earth
may embrace the west; the people of the desert may embrace the people of the
city; their scattered members become reunited and the lost ones be gathered
together; that the darkness of the earth may pass away and its lights shine
forth. But the eyes and the inner sight have become blind, the ears deaf, the
hearts hardened and the susceptibilities like rocks and stones. The minds and
intellects are being confused. Souls have forgotten the explicit teachings of
the Book, wherein Thou hast warned them of punishment. Thus they have
merited severe punishment and deserved the sentence of torment.
Lord, forgive our sins and stumbling. Make us not an example for the
possessors of insight. Guide us to the straight path, so that we may awake
from the slumber of passion and be saved from heedlessness and blindness.
Deliver us, Lord of Verses, from the abyss of passions and preserve us from
errors.
my L-ord, verily, We have forgotten faithfulness and are reveling in
unfaithfulness. With the people of oppression and vice we are associating. There
is no deliverer for us save Thee. There is no answerer save Thee. There is no
refuge save Thee. Vcrily, we have trusted in Thee and We lay our affairs in Thy
hands. Deal with us according to Thy favor and pardon and punish us not

