STAR OF THE 143
prey. For example, one of the forces
of nature is ferocity. A ferocious,
blood-thirsty man goes beyond the fero-
cious animals. If an animal tears an-
other animal it is only for its daily
food, but man destroys a hundred thou-
sand lives in one day. Hence it be-
comes evident that the power of nature
is th-e unbridled and ungovernable ruler
o-ver man. Vtlhat is written concerning
the "ego is always inclined t'o do evil"
is no other than the fermentation of
the passionate desires in the breast of
man and the complete, unchecked sway
of the carnal and natural forces over
him. Therefore, man cannot win victory
over these physical forces save through
the "power of the love of God." The
fire of the love 0-f God is like unto the
lightning which strikes upon the head
of nature, emasculating it of its virility
and leaving it fallen on the ground--a
lifeless body. Consequently the great-
est power in the world of existence is
the love of God.
(Abdul-Baha: Dia.ry of Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab, August 17, 1914.)
. . . It 'is related that an aged and
decrepit man became the guest of his
holiness Ab-raham. He exercised toward
his guest the utmost hospitality and
courtesy. W'hen dinner was served, his
holiness Abraham uttered the name of
God, and then started eating. On the
other hand, the guest uttered the name
of an idol and began to eat. His holiness
was grieved, arose in wrath and rebuked
his guest most severely. But even as he
did so, God's revelation descended upon
him. Abraham! For a hundred
years this man has been an idol-won
shipper and I have been patient with
him; I have nurtured him; I have pro-
tected him. I have taken good care of
him; I have trained him; I have show-
ered on him many bounties and I have
been kind and loving to him; but thou
wert not able to endure his society for
one night! And I, an hundred years!"
His holiness Abraham was deeply
touched by this address and begged his
aged guest to pardon him.
(A story told by Abdul-Baha who said
that it appeared in the Mas-moi. From
Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, July -1,
1913J
It is very strange that when a face
is not illumined with the light of the
love of God it is dark. 'When you look
into it the traces of the divine glad tid-
ings are not manifest, but when the
lights of God shine upon it, it becomes
bright and enlightened, as it is said, "In
their faces you shall see the verdancy
of paradise, and in their countenances
is the sign of worship."
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab-, September 3, 1913.)
The Bahais in Baghdad are not rich,
but they are firm and strong believers.
The-y keep the nineteen day feast. One
morning they sent to one of the be-
lievers the word that the feast would
be held that night in his house. He
searched his pockets and there was no
money. What should he do? 'He ma
only a Wa.tch which he had purchased
for ten dollars. He took it out of his
waist pocket and sent it to the bazaar
to be sold a.t auction. Incidentally one
of the Bahais passing by recognized the
watch. He stopped and saw that it was
going to be sold for two do-llars. He
raised the price half a dollar and bought
it. He put it into his pocket and Went
home quietly. When the night came,
he went to the meeting and after the re-
freshments were served, he Went to the
host and taking the Watch out of his
pocket offered it to him as a. present.
The host was very much surprised, but
delighted.
(VVords of Mirza alal, the so-n-in-law of
Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab, August 30, 1913.)
The duty of the believers of God is
to be servants to one another and attend

