STAR OF THE WEST 185
thou my Greatest Branch!
E1-Baha be upon thee, and upon
whomsoever may serve thee; and woe
unto those who- contradict thee; blessed
are those who love thee; and fire unto
those who are thine enemies!
Praise be unto him who honored the
land of Beirut, with the feet of him
around whom all the names revolve.
Therefore, all the (created) atoms have
announced good tidings unto all the con-
tingent beings, that the sun of the
Beauty of the Greatest and Majestic
Branch of God, the most weighty and
well-made Mystery of God, hath arisen,
dawned, appeared, gleamed and shone
forth from the door of the prison (Acca)
and its horizon, and advanced to- the
former place (Beirut). Therefore, the
prison land is darkened, while the for-
mer is rejoiced.
Exalted! Exalted! is our Lord God,
the creator of all things and the maker
of heaven, by whose power the gate of
the prison is opened, the opening of
which fulfilled that which was formerly
revealed in the tablets.
Verily he is the powerful to do that
which he pleases; the kingdom of emana-
tion is within his grasp. He is the
Powerful, the Knowing, the Wise!
Blessed is the land which is honored
with his footsteps! Blessed is the 
which is illuminated by his Beauty; the
ear which is favored with hearing his
voice; the heart which has tasted the
sweetness of his love; the breast which
is dilated by commemorating him; the
pen which moves in praising him; and
the tablet which bears his signs! I beg
of God, the Exalted, the Most High, to
cause us to attain his visit ere long.
Verily, He is the I-Iearer, the Power-
ful, the Answerer!
(Tablet sent to Abdul-Baha when he
was in Beirut, Syria.)
Verily a Word hath gone forth in
favor from the most great Tablet and
God hath adorned it with the mantle of
Himself and made it sovereign over all
in the earth and a sign of His grandeur
and omnipotence among the creatures;
in order that, through it, the people shall
praise their Lord, the Mighty, the
Powerful, the Elise; and that, through
it, they shall glorify their creator and
sanctify the self of God which standeth
within all things. Verily this is naught
but a revelation upon the part of the
Vtlise, the Ancient One! Say: people,
praise ye God for its manifestation (The
Branch), for verily it (The Branch) is
the most great favor upon you and the
most perfect blessing upon you; and
through him every mouldering bone is
quickened. Whosoever turns to him
hath surely turned unto God and who-
soever turneth away from him hath
turned away from my Beauty, denied
my proof and is of those who transgress.
Verily, he is the remembrance of God
amongst you and his appearance among
the servants who are nigh. . . . .
Verily, those who- withhold from the
shelter of The Branch are indeed lost in
the wilderness of perpleXity--and are
consumed by the heat of self-desire--and
are of those who perish.
(Extract from the Tablet of The
Bra/nch.)
But the One (from among his sons)
who will appear among them with innate
knowledge, God will cause the verses of
His power to flow from his tonguewhom God has assigned
His Cause. Verily there is no God but
Him, in whom is the creation and the
command, and verily we are all per-
forming His commands.
I beg of God to incline them to his
obedience, and to nourish. them with that
whereby their mind is satisfied, and the
minds of those who are facing the direc-
tion of God at every instant, and to
overlook their oppression, and to ordain
them of those who will inherit the heaven
of paradise from before God, the Mighty,
the Protector, the Self-subsistent!
(Words of Baha'o'llah: Extract from
Tablet revealed for Haji Khaleel. Pray-
ers, Tablets, Instructions and Miscellany
gathered by American visitors, during
the summer of 1900.)

