66 STAR OF THE WEST
All the days of his (Abul Fazl's) life
were spent in the service of the Cause
of God. His will and desire were de-
vo-ted to the promotion of the Cause of
God, to the promotion of the message of
the Kingdm. He did not think of
co-mfort and tranquillity. He
never tried to protect his life. He was
not at all attached to- the ephemeral ob-
jects of this contingent World. All his
thoughts, ideals, conceptions: and aims
were -centered upon the service of the
world of the Merciful. Praise be to
God, that his intellectual' and spiritual
life was very fruitful. All his books
contain indubitable proofs and evidences
concerning this impregnable, blessed
Cause. Sanctified and holy, divine and
spiritual, he ascended from this mortal
world to the realm of light.
The disinterested actions and free-
hearted deeds of a person proclaim with
the sound of a trumpet his loyalty and
sincerity in the Cause. He is in no need
of self-justification. He lives above and
beyond the criticism of petty and
dwarfed assailers of his integrity and
purity of motives. Their censure does
not touch him. The innate nobility 0-f
his soul is not ta.rnisl1ed, the glories of
his work are not beclouded. The river
of his spiritual ideality, creative power
and imaginative faculty is not dried up.
The sea of his sympathy and increasing
hopefulness and direct activity in the
Cause is not calmed down. With a deep
insight, holy vision and fresh inspiration
he will cause the complete retreat of all
his old enemies. With zest, unfailing
courage and undisturbed spirit he will
apply himself to new victories in chan-
nels of service, broader fields of labo-r,
higher planes of triumph and the solu-
tion of vaster and more intricate prob-
lems by the magic wand of his determina-
tion. Thus he changes every stumbling
block placed in his path to dishearten
him from further progress into a step-
ping stone, advances with confident steps,
ever rising higher, never looking back-
ward but always forward, setting aside
imp-erturbably all the seeming difficulties
and finally planting his feet on the sum-
mit of the mountain of success, beatitude
and undiminished glory. Such a man
was Mirza Abul Fazl. On such an un-
shakable rock every person must lay the
foundation of the palace of his life, so
that the howling of the winds, the fury
of the storms and the onslaught of the
wild elements may not in the least shake
it. The life of Mirza Abul Fazl was
God-controlled and God-propelled. Not
for one second did he set his own will
above the will of God. He effaced self
and lived eternally in God.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, February 8,
1914.)

How humble and meek he (Mirza
Abul Fa-zl) was! We tried our best to
persuade him to keep a servant, but he
would always gently decline. de-
sired to serve the believers personally.
Whenever the believers and the non-be-
lievers called on him, although he was
sick, weak and in fever, yet he would get
up a.nd prepare tea and serve his callers
with his own hand. All his anxieties
revolved around this supreme object-
to make people satisfied and happy at
any cost.
During all the days of his life I never
heard from him the use of the Word
said so," or wrote so a.nd
so." He would say: "This servant re-
quested them," or "This servant begged
the believers." He -never made a display
of his knowledge, nor wished to impress
upon the mind of any person that he
knew such and such information. He
was evanescent and lived in the station
of nothingness. He was self-sacrificing
at the Holy Threshold. No- one inhaled
from him the odor of superiority.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From the
Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, January
22, 1914.)
H,
The question was asked Mirza Abul
Fazl: "If everyone 's mind was entirely

