104 STAR OF
you are plowing the ground or sowing
the seeds or reaping the harvest let all
your thoughts and sub-conscious think-
ing be of God. Your hands and feet
will be working but your heart must be
attached to the Almighty.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza
Ahmad Sohrab-, May 17, 1914.)
ii.
In the work o-f the Kingdom of God
one should not consider capacity or abil-
ity; the confirmation of the Spirit will
descend, because the Weakest souls
through the confirmation of the Holy
Spirit become the most powerful. Some
souls who are outwardly' ignorant
through this gift become learned men.
The weakest souls b-ecome the strongest.
times a woman has surpassed a
thousand men, or, rather, through this
help can withstand all the people of the
world.
His Holiness Moses was apparently
a shepherd but through the divine
power he overcame Pharaoh and his
armies. Likewise the disciples were the
weakest souls but through the breath of
the Holy Spirit. and the assistance of
the Kingdom of God they became the
strongest ones. The thought which I wish
to convey to you is this,--you should not
look at your capacity or ability, nay,
rather rely upon the confirmation of the
Holy Spirit,--do not doubt. (After a
long pause) Be confident and sure. It
will help you.
(Words of Abdul-B-aha: Flowers from
the Rose-Garden of Accai; p. 21.)
H.
One must never consider one 's own
feebleness, it is the strength of the Holy
Spirit of love which gives the power
to teach.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Talks Given in
Paris; p. 28.)
Upon calling Abdul-Baha's attention
to some French warships in the harbor
of Alexandria, he said:
desire that you may see the divine
THE WEST
ships. These ships are the blessed sails
who are traversing the sea of divine
mercy; their propellors are the powers
of spiritual love and their captains are
the inspiration of the Holy Spirit. No
ship is ever wrecked in this sea; its
waves are life-giving. Each one of the
friends of God is like unto an ark of
salvation. Each ark saves many souls
from the storms of troubles. The signs
and traces of these sails are never-end-
ing and eternal. The future centuries
and cycles are like the sea on the surface
of which these arks glide blissfully to-
ward their spiritual destination.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From Diary o-f
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, October 26, 1913.)
Let us pray to God that the breath of
the Holy S"-pirit may again give hope and
refreshment to the people, awakening in
them a desire to do the Will of G0-d.
(Abdul-Baha)
Once a learned man journeyed to see
me to receive my blessing, saying he
knew and comprehended the Bahai
teachings. 'When I told him that he
could receive the blessings of the Holy
Spirit at any time when he put himself
in a receptive attitude to accept them
he said that he was always in a recep-
tive attitude.
"What would you do," I asked, "if
I were to suddenly turn and strike
you?" He instantly flared with indig-
nation and strode angrily about the
room.
After a little I went over and took
his arm, saying, "But you must return
good for evil. Whether I honored you
or despised you, you should follow the
teachings; now you merely read them.
Remember the words of Jesus Who said,
'The first shall be last, and the last
first.' The man turned, shook my
hand and departed, and I have since
heard of many kind acts he has done.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Abdul-Ba-ha in
London p. 112.)

