STAR OF THE WEST 161
When, after the of the
Bab, a frenzied "Babi", mentally un-
balanced by the sight of his beloved
Master's sufiering, attempted the life of
the Shah, the persecutions became more
intense.
The Mohammedan priests only too
gla.d of any excuse to lay hands upon
Baha'o'llah who knew nothing whatever
of the poor misguided Babi's deed,
straightway arrested him, had him bas-
tinadoed, "put into chains and confined
in an underground prison. His vast
property and inheritance were pillaged
and confiscated."
(Quotations from Abdul-Baha in Some
Answered Questions, p. 33.)

The Blessed Beauty of El-Abha (Ba-
ha the divine souls of the
existence be a ransom to his friends 
endured personally, all kinds of calam-
ities and bore the most violent ordeals.
There remained no torture which did not
come to his holy body, and no suffering
which did not descend upon his pure
spirit. How many nights he could not
take rest under the chains and heaviness
of fetters and how many days he gave
himself not a minute's repose because
of the burden of fetters and chains!
From Neyaveran to Teheran that
pure spirit, Who was brought up on a
bed of down, was forced to run, with
bare head and ba.re feet, under chains
and fetters, and, in a dark and narrow
subterranean prison, he was placed with
murderers, thieves, criminals, malefac-
tors; at every moment a new torture was
inflicted upon him and at every moment
his was expected by all.
After a long time, he was sent from
the city of his residence to foreign coun-
tries. For many years in Baghdad at
every moment a new arrow was darted
toward his holy breast, and at every in-
stant a sword was bent on his pure body.
At no instant was there any hope for
safety an_d security, and the enemies,
with utmost dexterity, were attacking
the blessed soul from all sides, and he,
alone, personally resisted them all.
(Abdul-Baha.)
His Holiness Baha'o'llah spent many
days in the utmost poverty. During the
term of his imprisonment in Teheran,
his daily ration was one loaf of bread
only. According to the opinion of some
people it is impossible to imagine greater
poverty than this!
(Abdul-Baha: Diary Letter of Mirza
Sohrab, March 26, 1914.)
Baha'o'llah (writing in later years
says) in one of his poems: "The mark
of the chain is yet visible on my neck
and the impress of the fetters can be
seen around my ankles!"
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Sohrab,
March 1, 1914.)
When Baha'o'llah was imprisoned and
chains were around his neck, Abdul-
Baha, then eight years old, was with
some of the believers in another place.
The people finally captured him also.
The boys of this place gathered together
and began to beat him; about two or
three hundred children surrounded him.
They beat him severely on the head,
cursed him and otherwise persecuted
him. 
(From Notes of Mrs. I. D. Brittingham,
taken at Haifa, in 1901.)
Another incident found Ab-
bas Eifendi (Abdul-Baha) surrounded
by a band of boys who had undertaken
personally to molest him. He was
standing in their midst as straight as
an arrow>>--a little fellow, the youngest
and smallest of the group firmly but
quietly commanding them not to lay
their hands upon him, which, strange to
say, they seemed unable to do."
(Words of the sister of Abdul-Baha:
Abbas Efendi, p. 14.)

