STAR OF THE WEST 45
Therefore, during thy supplications
to God and thy reciting "Thy name is
my healing" consider how thine heart is
cheered, thy soul delighted by tl1e spirit
of the love of God and thy mind at-
tracted to t'he kingdom of God! By
these attractions one 's ability and ca-
pacity increase. When the vessel is
widened the water inoreaseth and when
the thirst grows the bounty of the cloud
becomes agreeable to the taste of man.
This is the mystery of supplication and
the wisdom of stating one 's wants.
(Words of Abdul-Baha; fromtablet to
an American believer; translated by
Mirza Ali Kuli Khan, October, 1908.)
Man is eternally in a state of commun-
ion and prayer with the source of all
good. The highest and most elevating
state is the state of prayer. Prayer is
communion with God. . . . Its efficacy
is conditional upon the freedom of the
heart from extraneous suggestions and
mundane thoughts. The worshipper
must pray with a detached spirit, un-
conditional surrender of the will, con-
centrated attention and a magnetic
spiritual passion. His innermost being
must be stirred with the ethereal breeze
of holiness. If the mirror of his life is
polished from the dross of all desires the
heavenly pictures and star-like images
of the kingdom of God will become fully
reflected therein. Then he will be given
power to translate these celestial forms
into his own daily 1ife- and the lives of
many thousands.
Automatic, formalistic prayers which
do not touch the core of the heart are of
no avail. How sweet, how delicious, how
satisfying, how spiritual is prayer in the
middle of t'he night! Wlhile all the eyes
are closed the eyes of the worshipper are
wide open. \Vhile all the ears are
stopped the ears of the suppliant are
attuned to the subtle music of God.
While the majority of the people are
fast asleep the a.dorer of the Ideal Be-
loved is wakeful. All around him there
is a rare and delicate silence, deep, airy,
ethereal silence, calm, magical and subtle
--and there is the worshipper, commun-
ing with nature and the author of
nature.
(Wo1"ds of Abdul-Baha: From the
Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Septem-
ber 3, 1914.)
Question: "How do saints become
saints?"
Answer: "Through prayer, supplica-
tion, purification of the heart and good
wishes."
(Words of Abdul-Baha; answers to
some questions asked by some American
pilgrims to Acca, spring of 1907. Mirza
Moneer, translator.)
You have asked concerning approval
of Christian Science treatment and
healing.
Spirit has influence prayer has spir-
itual effect. Therefore We pray, 
God! heal this sick one!" Perchance
God will answer. Does it matter who
prays'! God will answer the prayer of
every servant if that prayer is urgent.
His mercy is vast, illimitable. He an-
swers the prayers of all his servants.
He answers the prayer of this plant.
The plant prays potentially, God!
Send me rain!" God answers this
prayer and the plant grows. God will
answer any one. He answers prayers
potentially. Before we were born into
this world did we not pray, God!
Give me a mother; give me two foun-
tains of bright milk; purify the air for
my breathing; grant me rest and com-
fort; prepare food for my sustenance
and living!" Did we not pray poten-
tially for these needed blessings before
we were created'! When we came into
this world did we not find our prayers
answered'! Did we not find mother,
father, food, light, home and every
other necessity and blessing although
we did not actually ask for them?
Therefore it is natural that God will

