222 STAR OF
One thousand soldiers under the control
of a commander can overthrow and de-
feat any number of disorganized troops.
Without a directing will all would be
conquered and defeated.
Be sure, therefore, that if the believers
are not united in the will of God they
will not be assisted. This is especially
necessary because all of them are under
the tent of the Covenant in this revela-
tion. There is strength only in unity.
Under one tent there is union and har-
mony. The Covenant of God in this day
of manifestation is a lifeboat and ark of
salvation. All true followers of the
Blessed Perfection are sheltered and pro-
tected in this ark. Whoever leaves it,
trusting in his own will and strength, will
drown and be destroyed. For the Blessed
Perfection left no possibility for discord,
disagreement and dissensio-n. The Cov-
enant is like the sea and the believers
as the fishes in the sea. If a fish leaves
the water it cannot live. There is noth-
ing to equal, nothing so efiective as the
Covenant of God to- bring about and con-
tinue unity. Christ said to Peter "Thou
art my rock upon which I will build
my church." Therefore, all the disci-
ples followed Peter and there was no
dissension among them. The Blessed
Perfection wrote a Testament or Coven-
ant with his own pen so that no one who
obeys it will deny or disobey God. The
point is expressed very clearly in the
Covenant be revealed. Therefore there
can be no possibility, no position of dis-
obedience. He knew that Mohammed-
Ali would disobey the Covenant. By vio-
lating the Covenant he has become a
fallen branch. The Covenant was also
written by Mohammed-Ali's own hand
from dictation of the Blessed Perfection
who knew he would disobey. What cause
of union could be greater than the Cov-
enant God has revealed through his
Manifestation, After the
departure of Baha'o'llah the beautiful
blossoms upon the Tree of Life were
destroyed by Mohammed-Ali and must
THE WEST
DOW be again by the love of
Abdul-Baha. The work and mission of
Abdul-Baha are very great. one could
express the grief which followed the turn-
ing away from the Covenant by Moham-
med-Ali. We should be thankful that
the Blessed Perfection, foreseeing this
action, ordained a Center of the Cov-
enant through which by allegiance and
love we may protect and preserve the
Cause of God.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Ten Days in
the Light of Acca, p. 48.)
 
Behold, the hand of him that betray-
eth me is with me on the table. And
truly the Son of Man goeth, as it was
determined; but woe unto that man by
whom he is betrayed!
(Words of Jesus: St. Luke 22 :21, 22.)
Verily, I say unto you, That one of
you shall betray mewhom I shall give a sop, when I have
dipped it. And when he had dipped
the sop, he gave it to Judas Iscariot, the
son of Simon. . . . Then said Jesus
unto him, That thou doest, do quickly.
(Words of Jesus: St. John 13 :21-27.)
Thy letter was received. According
to the clear text of the Book of Akdas
and the explicit contents of the Book
of the Covenant, Abdul-Baha is the in-
terpreter of all the works and books of
the Bless-ed Perfection, and not only of
the Book of Akdas. This question is
clear and evident to those who are in-
formed of the writings and tablets (of
Baha'o'llah). Were this not the case,
every one would have given an interpre-
tation according to his own inclination
and considered his interpretation prefer-
able to the interpretation of 
would naturally lead to great differences.
If some one interprets one verse of the
verses of God, and his interpretation is

