STAR OF THE WEST 151
birth of the Manifestation, prepared to consider Ways and means for launching
a vigorous>> campaign of teaching in our allotted 'territory.
We, in Chicago, Would co-operate with you in this great service, and We are
confident that this, our earnest desire, is reeiproeated by you, Together we can
accomplish What alone We cannot effect.
Let this celebration not supersede in your minds and hearts the vastly
importa.nt task of spreading the Cause.
If it is impossible for you to attend the celebration, make it possible to attend
the Convention of Teaching. . . .
A call similar to this from the House of Spirituality of Chicago began the
organization of the Mashrak-el-Azkar Work.
'Who knows What great results may develop from this, its second call?
Let us arise with enthusiasm to the service of Abdul-Baha.
Faithfully, in the service of the Center of the Covenant, Abdul-Baha,
TI-IE HOUSE: OF SPIRITUALITY,
Carl Scitejfler, Secretary,
Corrections

To the STAR or THE 'liner.
Feeling assured that it is your inten-
tion to have all statements issuing from
the STAR. or THE conform to the
reality, I beg leave to call your attention
to a portion of the report of the Conven-
tion of the Bahai Temple Unity, held in
Boston, on page 116, No. 9, Vol. 
it is stated, as follows:
"Mr. Frank E. Osborne read a com-
plete Bahai calendar o-n which he has
been Working for the past four or five
years. Abdul-Baha gave it his verb-al
sanction. It Was referred to the execu-
tive board."
As this is at least misleading it gives
me pleasure to advise you as to the facts,
that you may be able to correctly inform
your readers. In the year 1911, this
servant was commanded to "confer with
those who are versed in astronomy and
mathematics and make the calendar com-
plete and perfect in accordance with the
scientific, then print and publish it."
The result of my effort in this direc-
tion Was given to Abdul-Baha in June,
1912, in the shape of a Bahai calendar
with dates of importance set forth and
blended with the Gregorian calendar.
On the fourth of July, 1912, he informed
me that "the transference of dates from
the lunar year to that of the solar year
made this a matter of great importance
and that he would send it to Persia for
correctiion." And the calendar that was
given to the convention Was this one
Which Abdul-Baha received from Persia
and handed to me December 4, 1912,
with the statement, "Now your calendar
is correct," but it was not published be-
cause I was desirous of having this
"Word" over the signature of Abdul-
B-aha, and was in hopes that this might
be brought about through the good offices
of the executive committee of the Bahai
Temple Unity.
The Persian manuscript which Abdul-
Baha received with an English tra.nsla-
tion was delivered to that committee.
VVith Bahai greeting and a prayer for
the continued success o-f the STAR, be-
lieve m-e
Your servant,
F. E. Osborne.
To the STAR or THE Wnsr.
My address on "The Religious Aspect.
of Esperanto" as delivered in New York
on May 27th was very hastily and un-
expectedly prepared and was given with-
out any thought of its being published.
The announcement of the address was

