32 STAR OF THE WEST
Abdul-Baha's First Days in America
From Diary of" Miss Juliet Thompson.
(Harbor) New York,
April 11, 1912.
We had been waiting all morning at
the dock; then the ship appeared
through the mists . . . . . . . The
ship do-cked but Ab-dul-Baha did not ap-
pear. Suddenly I had a glimpse into
the dim interior of the ship: barely vis-
ible, striding to and fro near the door wa.s
one with a step that shook that
one stride, charged with power, the sweep
of a robe, a majestic head, turban
crowned--that was all I saw, but my
heart stopped.
Next we saw him at the home of Mr.
and Mrs. Kinney. When I arrived, Ab-
d-ul-Baha was sitting in the center of the
dining-room, near the flower-strewn ta-
ble his ab~a"" was of cream color; at his
knees stood Howard and Sanford Kinney,
and his arms were around them. He was
very white and shining; no words could
describe the ineffable peace about him.
The people stood around him in rows and
circles, several hundred in the room. We
made a dark b-ackground for his efful-
gence. Our tears only reflected him;
there were many, many weeping just at
the sight of him.
turned his face from one child to
the other, from one group to- another--oh,
so that indescribable di-
vine grace caught by Leonardo di Vinci
in his 'Christ at the Last Supper;' but
in Abdul-Baha, it was irradiated with
smiles, and a lifting of the eyes filled
with glory, which even Leonardo with all
his mastery could never paint. It was
the very essence of divine tenderness.
ii-n
April 11th.
A message from Abdul-Baha to my
mother:
Convey to thy dear mother the great-
ings of Abha. Say to her: 'Always re-
Aba, cloak.
member my advices. It is my hope that
thou mayest forget everything save God.
Nothing in this world is sufficient for
man. God alone is sufficient for him.
God is the protector of man. All the
world will not protect the soul.' 
A
April 13th.
Today Abdul-Baha spoke at Mar-
jorie Morten Again because of the im-
mense crowd, he spoke standing on the
stairway, dominating all the beauty of
that house by his heavenly beauty.
His theme that day was the spiritual
seasons; and in the midst of his address
a little thing happened, which, slight
though it was, I Want to keep. In its
very slightness it will draw the people
of the future closer to Abdul-Baha, just
as it drew us.
Those tender little touches of his hu-
mor and precious they
are, bridging at the moment the space
between us and his perfection! The dis-
ciples in the past, looking back to those
mysterious days with their Master over
the abyss of their tragic separation from
him, were, I suppose, awed into silence
about the little so 'the Man of
Sorrows' of the past has been only the
Man of sorrows to and sorrows.
'We have never formed any conceptio-n
of the Man of love and joy, great buoy-
ant joy, a Christ whose love overflowed
in little tende-rnesses an-d Whose joy over-
flo-wed in fun and normal, happy,
smiling, laughing Christ!
But now to tell you of this little thing:
with his celestial eloquence Abdul-Baha
had described the spiritual springtime--
the quickening and awakening to life.
"Va tabestan," he began and paused
for the translator--poor Ahmad could
not recall the English word! But wh.ile
he stood, confused and helpless, Abdul-
Baha, with a smile of bright humor,
translated for himself: "And summer,"

