84- STAR OF THE VVEST
deed! New for the first time in the his-
tory of the world have the mechanical
difficulties in the way of the unity of
mankind been overcome by railway
trains and steamships, tunnels and aero-
planes, post office and printing press,
telegraph and telephone. Now for the
first time in the world (at any rate since
the Tower of Babel!) has a solution for
the language difficulty been found, and
now for the first time in the world, as
it seems to me, has a complete and ade-
quate plan for the reconciliation of the
conflicting interests o-f mankind been
given to the world. Baha'o'llah has
raised the- Standard of Peace and Unity
and called on all mankind to gather un-
der its ample folds: people of the
earth! Make not the religion of God a
cause for variance among you. Verily it
was revealed for the purpose of unifying
the whole wo-rld. Blessed is he who loves
the world simply for the sake of his
generous Lord." "These fruitless
strifes, these ruinous wars shall pass
away and the Most Great Peace shall
come, and all nations shall be as one
kindred and one family."
Here again the harmony between true
religion and science is evident. With
every advance in science the oneness of
the universe and the interdependence of
its parts has become more clearly evi-
dent. The ast-ronomer's domain is in-
separably bound up with the physicist 
the physicis-t's with the chemist's, the
chemist's with the biologist the biolo-
gist 's with the and so on.
Every new discovery in one field of re-
search throws new light on other fields.
Just as physical science has shown that
every particle of matter in the universe
attracts and influences every other par-
ticle, no matter how minute or how dis-
tant, so science is finding that
every soul in the universe affects and
influences every other so-ul. Prince
Kropotkin, in his book on Mutual Aid,
shows most clearly that even among the
lower animals mutual aid is absolutely
necessary to continued life, while in the
case of man, the progress of civilization
depends on the increasing substitution
of mutual aid for mutual enmity. "Each
for all and all for each" is the only
principle on which a. community can
prosper.
CONCLUSION
All the signs of the times indicate
that we are at the dawn of a new era in
the history of mankind. Hitherto the
young eagle of humanity has clung to
the old eyrie in the solid rock of selfish-
ness and materialism. Its attempts to
use its wings have been timid and tenta-
tive. It has had restless longings for
something still unattained. More and
more it has been chafing in the confine-
ment of the old dogmas and orthodoxies.
But now the era of confinement is at
an end, and it can launch on the wings
of faith and reason into the higher
realms of spiritual love and truth. It
will no longer be earth-bound as it was
before its wings had grown, but will
s-oar at will to the regions of wide out-
look and glorious freedom.
One thing is necessary, however, if its
flight is to be sure and steady. Its wings
must not only be strong, but they must
act in perfect harmony and coordina-
tion. As Abdul-Baha says: "It can-
not fly with one wing alone. If it tries
to fly with the wing of religion alone
it will land in the slough. of superstition,
and if it tries to fiy with the wing of sci-
ence alone it will end in the dreary bog
of materialism." Perfect harmony be-
tween religion and science is the sine
qua non of the higher life for human-
ity. When that is achieved, and every
child is trained not only in the study of
the sciences and arts, but equally in love
to all mankind and in radiant acquies-
cence to the will of God as revealed in
the progress of evolution and the teach-
ings of the prophets, and through the
Inner Light in our own hearts, then and
not till then, shall the Kingdom of God
have come on earth and His will be done
on earth as it is in heaven. Then and
not till then shall the Most Great Peace
have fully come.

