STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, It the post oflice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Editorial $tafl'-- ALBERT R. ZIA M. 
Honorary Member-Mmzn AHMAD SOHRAB
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
iw To personal checks please add suflicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA. 
thou Star of the West! HE IS con!
Be thou ha 1 Be thou ha I Sh uldst th
ppy ppy ou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the St_ar of th_e East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper the
Bahais which is organized in _the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Arms.
Yol. v111 Mulkwl, 73 (February 7, 1918) N9. 1s
efit and be a means of doing go-od--that
is also acceptable. But if the health and
Welfare of man be spent in sensual de-
sires, in a life on the animal plane and
in devilish dis-ease is bet-
ter than such health; nay, death itself
is preferable to such a life. If thou art
desirous of health, wish thou health for
serving the Kingdom, I hope that thou
mayest attain a perfect insight, an in-
flexible resolution, complete health and
spiritual and physical strength in order
that thou mayest drink from the foun-
tain of eternal life and be assisted b-y
the spirit of divine confirmation.
(Tablets of Abd-u-Z-Ba-hxa, 207.)
thou who art supplicating unto God!
I read thy precious letter and am in-
formed of its contents, which show that
thou art ill in body and Weak, and
indicates thine affection toward thy
daughter who is in the age of youth.
I beseech God to ordain prosperity un-
to thee in this World, to confer favor up-
on thee in his supreme Kingdom, and
to heal thee from the illness which has
befallen thee for some hidden reason
which no one knows save God. Verily,
the will of God engages occasionally in
some matter for which mankind is un-
able to find out the reason The causes
and reasons shall appear. Trust in God
and confide in him, and resign thyself
to the will of God. Verily, thy God is
affectionate, compassionate and merciful.
He Will look at thee with the glances
of the of mercifulness, will guard
thee with the of bounty, and will
cause his mercy to descend upon thee.
(Abdul-Baha.)
I hope, as you have received physical
health, you will receive your spiritual
health. As the body will be cured of
physical diseases, in the same Way the
spirit will be cured of all spiritual dis-
eases. A cure of physical disease is very
easy, but the cure of spiritual disease is
very difficult. If one has fever and you
give him medicine, the fever will van-
ish; but if the spirit is afflicted with the
disease of ignorance, it is difficult to re-
move that disease. For example, if the
spiritual health is afflicted with the love
of the world, spiritual medicine must be
given. These medicines are the advices
and commands of God, which will have
effect upon it.
(Abdul-Baha: From Tablet to Mme.
L'Astre, Acca, January 1905.)
For these thy prevailing diseases are
not on account of sins, but they are to
make thee detest this world and know

