STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds oi affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened,
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. S0 it shall be; these fruitless strifes;
these ruinous wars shall pass away. and the 'M0st Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Azamat l, 73 (May _l7, 1917) No. 4
The Divine Art of Living
A COMPILATION BY MARY M. 
(Chapter I appeared in issue No. 16, 'Vol. Chapter II appeared in No. 18, Vol. 
Chapter appeared in No. 2, Vol. 
CHAPTER IV
Prayer
Ask and ye shall receive, seek -and ye
shall find, knock and it shall be opened
unto you.
If ye then, being evil, know how to
give good gifts unto your children, how
much more shall your heavenly Father
give the Holy Spirit to them that ask
him.
(\V0rds of Jesus.)
There is nothing sweeter in the world
of existence than prayer.
Man must live in a state of prayer.
The most blessed condition is the con-
dition of prayer and supplication.
Prayer is conversation with God. The
greatest or the sweetest state
is none other than conversation with
God. It creates spirituality, creates
mindfulness and celestial feelings, be-
gets new attractions of the Kingdom and
engenders the susceptibilities of the
higher intelligence. The highest attri-
bute given to his holiness Moses is the
following verse: "God carried along a
conversation with Moses."
is prayer'? It is conversation
with God. Whfle man prays he sees
himself in the presence of God. If he
concentrates his attention he will sure-
ly at the time of prayer realize that he
is convorsing'with God. Often at night
I do not sleep, and the thoughts of this
World Weigh heavily on my mind. I
toss uneasily in my bed. Then in the
darkness of the night I get up and pray
--converse with God. It is most sweet
and uplifting'.
Prayer and supplication are so effec-
tive that they inspire one's heart for
the whole day with high ideals and su-
preme sanctity and calmness. One's
heart must be sensitive to the music of
prayer. I-lc must feel the effect of
prayer. He must not be like an organ
from which softest notes stream forth
Without having consciousness of sensa-
tion in itself.
('Nerds of Abdul-Baha; from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrah, Harch 15,
1914.)
Prayer and supplication are two
wings whereby man soars toward the
heavenly mansion of the True One.
However, verbal repetition of prayer
does not suffice. One must live in a con-
tinual attitude of prayer. When man
is spiritually free his mind becomes the
altar of prayer and his heart the sanc-
tuary of prayer. Then the meaning of

