STAR OF THE WEST 209
The people are vociferously discussing this Manifestation and all nations are
investigating. The flame of this burning fire in all regions has reached the
zenith of heaven, and the call of, "Verily, the evident Light is manifest!" has
ascended from the earth to the inhabitants of the Supreme Kingdom. All are
exuberent with joy and intoxicated With the Wine of love!
Ye, who are dwelling in the native land of His Holiness (Baha'o'llah)
and are in the place Where the Blessed Tree hath grown: Why should ye sit
quietly as in a corner? Ye must be so aflame that the heat of your fire may
enkindle the adjacent districts; the fragrances of the rose-garden of your hearts
may perfume the nostrils of the Supreme Concourse; the flood of bestowal may
pour from those hills and mountains to all regions, and the rivers of knowledge
may flow from that city to all the valleys and the desert.
I-Iasten ye to prosperity!
Hasten ye to success!
Hasten ye to the great favor!
Hasten ye to evident light!
Hasten ye to the glorious attainment!
Hasten ye to the abundant share!
El-Baha be upon ye!
my Beloved, God! These are thy servants who have heard thy voice,
responded to thy word and accepted thy call. They believed in thee; became
assured in thy verses; acknowledged thy proofs; listened to thy evidences;
walked in thy path and followed thy guidance; became informed of thy myster-
ies comprehended the symbols of thy Book, the signs of thy Scriptures and the
glad tidings of thy epistles and tablets; grasped the hem of thy garment and
were held by the radiance of thy grandeur; their feet became firm in thy
Covenant and their hearts strong in thy Testament.
my Lord! Ignite the fire of attraction in their hearts; let the birds of
knowledge soar in the rose-gardens of their breasts and sing in the meadows
of their souls, songs of love with the most Wonderful melodies and harmonies;
make them strong verses, unfurled ensigns and perfect words; elevate thy
Cause by them; raise thy banners, spread thy signs, assist thy Word and sup-
port thy friends by them; make them to utter in thy praise and inspire them
to arise in thy good-pleasure; illumine their faces in the Kingdom of thy
holiness, and complete their joy by confirming them in assisting thy Cause!
my Lord! We are weak, strengthen us in spreading the fragrances of
thy sanctity; We are poor, enrich us from the treasury of thy singleness; we are
naked, clothe us from thy generous bounty; We are sinners, pardon our trans-
gressions by thy favor, generosity and forgiveness.
Verily, thou are the Confirmer, the Helper, the Beloved, the Mighty, the
Omnipotent!
El-Baha be upon those who are firm and steadfast!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
"Concerning the Station of this Servant, the answer is: 'Abdul-Baha' 
(Continued from page 207)
TI-IE SERVANT
Now listen unto what I say for it is to Abdul-Baha in all he wishes and says,
the foundation of success and the basis Verily this is possessing strong faith.
of righteousness among the people of Therefore, know that I have sacrificed
the world, that you may be obedient un- my soul, spirit, life, mention, honor, at-

