18 STAR OF THE WEST
thought is peaceful and serene, contrary
to the city people who are always
haunted by the nightmare of livelihood.
-(Words of Abdul-Baha from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, September 21,
1913.)
Economy is the foundation of human
prosperity. The is always
in trouble. Prodigality on the- part of
any person is an unpardonable sin. The
fewer the habits, the better for the man.
It is a divine virtue to be satisfied with
very few things. Contentment is the
antidote for all the social diseases. Vile
must live an independent life. We must
never live on others like a parasitic plant.
Every person must have a profession,
whether it be literary or manual, and
must live a clean, manly, honest life, an
example of purity to be imitated by
others. Contentment is the master-key
to all success-. If the members of my
family starve I will not ask money fro-m
the people. It is more kingly to be sat-
isfied with a crust of stale bread than to
enjoy a good dinner composed of many
delicious dishes the money for which
comes out of the pockets of others.
. . . A Bahai must be satisfied.
There was a time that I lived on five
cents a day and I was then much happier
than I am now. The Persian Bahais
often live in the utmost poverty and
want, yet they never complain no-r ask
for money from any one. Begging they
consider to be below their spiritual sta-
tion. A man who is the beneficiary of
the treasury of the Kingdom is not poor.
There have been so-me rich Bahais in
Persia whose properties were entirely
confiscated. Being thus reduced to utter
destitutio-n they went out cheerfully to
work and in their turn spent all they
ma.de for the maintenance of the poorer
Bahai families. Love, yea,.love must be
demonstrated through deeds. Love has
never been a passive verb, a figure of
speech; it has always been an active
verb, an ideal reality. The sign of true
faith is the service of the believers of
God and service must always manifest
itself in loving deeds and actions. . . .
A small business with a steady income
is better than the wild, helter-skelter
speculations of the financiers.
The mind of a contented person is al-
ways peaceful and his heart is a.t rest.
He is like a monarch ruling over the
whole world. Ho-w happily such a man
helps himself to his frugal meals. How
joyfully he takes his walks- and how
peacefully he sleeps!
(Words of Abdul-Baha.; from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, August 24,
1914.)
At the table on board the Cedric
Abdul-Baha spoke about simple diet-
how much better it is for one 's consti-
tution to eat but one or two courses.
One of the American Bahais asked him
whether he would not prescribe a sini-
ple regime of diet for the believers-, upon
his arrival in America. He laughed
heartily and said: "We do not inter-
fere with their material food, but we
shall give them a simple diet of spiritual
food. This is our work."
(Vtlords of Abdul-Baha; from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, July 20, 1913.)
The life of the Arabs in the interior
is most simple. Their principal food
consists of the milk o-f the camel and a
few dates. These Arabs do not like the
atmosphere of the city. They revel in
the expansiveness of the desert. The
other day a few of the Bedouin women
taunted our women because they are liv-
ing in the town, while the Bedouin
women were happy to breathe the fresh
air of the desert. Wheii, years ago,
I traveled fro-m Acca to Tiberias, in our
caravan there was a beautiful Bedouin
woman riding on a camel. She was list-
less and thoughtful. In the same cara-
van there was a young Christian who
was struck with the beauty of this Arab
girl and her dark eyes. After some
futile attempts he suceeded in establish-

