16+ STAR OF
him free, it would create a great tumult
among the people.
The Ambassador answered: "If then,
you fear him so much, why keep him in
Teheran would it not be better to exile
him to Baghdad?" This was accordingly
done.
(Daily Lessons, p. 58.)
When the Blessed Perfection and his
family were exiled from Persia, all along
our way from Teheran to Baghdad we
did not find a b-eliever, only a handful
of despondent friends were in Baghdad.
All the people firmly believed that with
the exile of Baha'o'llah the fire of this
Cause would become extinct. Were they
11ot wrong in their reckonings? How
many houses were pillaged! How many
people were exiled! How many were
thrown into prison! How many thou-
sands were killed! And yet they did
not succeed in their fiendish work of ex-
termination! For this Cause is con-
stantly reinforced by the cohorts of the
Supreme Concourse, and no army, no
matter how invulnerable, can defeat the
phalanxes of the Kingdom!
About thirty years ago, no one heard
the name of the Bahai Cause in Eshka-
bad; but now the dome of the first
Mashrak-el-Azkar, like a radiant jewel,
glitters under the rays of the sun! . . .
Praise be to God that it has become evi-
dent and known to all that the Bahais
Exiled in
NO one can ever imagine even faintly
how we were surrounded from all
sides by test and trials in the nascent
stage of the Cause. When We were ex-
iled from Persia, outwardly the means
of happiness were completely lacking;
we did not have even our daily neces-
sities. Notwithstanding all this When-
ever I think of this time my heart is
filled with exultation.
For eleven years we lived in Baghdad.
THE WEST
are free from any intrigues and sedi-
tions. They confer life and not death!
. . . . The people of Persia looked on
the Bahais as the enemies of their reli-
gion, possessions and life, and conse-
quently they considered one of the holi-
est duties the extermination of this sect.
Well do I remember when still a child
and in Teheran, one day I entered the
Mosque and saw a fanatical Mullah ha-
ranguing the crowd: people! If you
love God, kill the Babis; if you wish the
descent of the blessings of the Almighty,
kill the Babis, and if you want to pro-
tect your hearts and possessions, your
wives and families, kill the Babis So
ingrained was the enmity of the Moham-
medans against this wronged community.
. . . . On the other hand, Baha'o'llah-
compelled the Babis to non-resistance
and taught them day and night to adorn
themselves with the qualities of holiness
and sanctity, and commanded them to be
meek and holy. He said: "It is better
for you to be killed than to kill!" He
exhorted them to be faithful, to be kind
toward all the nations, to deal sin-
cerely with all the people, to characterize
themselves with mercy, benevolence,
clemency and charity and to exert them-
selves a.t all times to serve the world of
humanity.
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Sohrab,
February 17, 1914.)
Baghdad
The heat of that. place was very intense,
yet we were most happy, because we
were assisted in serving at the Holy
Threshold. One cannot experience a
greater amount of heat than in Baghdad;
at that time the summers were unbear-
able. We were strangers and penniless,
yet our joy was supreme. The trip from
Teheran to Baghdad and the days spent
in Baghdad in the presence of the Blessed
Perfection are very vivid in my memory

