STAR OF THE WEST 87
ceedingly acute; the ear of the animal
can detect a voice at a long distance.
Consider the instinct of a dog; it is
much greater than a man's. But al-
though the animal shares with man all
the physical virtues and senses, a spir-
itual power is bestowed upon man, of
which the animal is devoid. This is
proof that there is something in man
which is absent in the animal; there is
a faculty in man which is lacking in the
animal. This is the spirit of man. All
these wonderful accomplishments are
due to the efficacy and penetration of
the spirit of man. Were man bereft of
this spirit, none of these accomplish-
ments. would have been possible. This
is a proof that man is possessed of a
spirit. This is evident as the sun at
midday.
All creatures of material organiza-
tion are limited to an image or form.
That is to say, every created material
being is possess-ed of one form. It can-
not possess two forms at the same time.
For example, a body may be triangular,
spherical, square, a hexagon or an octa-
gon, but it is impossible for a given
object to be triangular and spherical
simultaneously; it cannot possess two
shapes at one time. It may be either tri-
angular or square. If it is to become
square it must first rid itself of the tri-
angular shape. It is absolutely impos-
sible for it to be square and triangular
at the same time. That is to say, in the
reality of the creatures the different
forms cannot be simultaneously pos-
sessed. But in the reality of man all
geometrical figures can be simultane-
ously conceived. In other realities one
image must be forsaken in order that
another might be possible. This is the
law of change and transformation, and
change a.nd transformation are har-
bingers of mortality. Were it not for
change and transformation in form, phe-
nomena would be immortal, but because
phenomena is subject to change and
transformation from one figure or shape
to another, it is mortal. But the reality
of man is possessed of all virtues; he
does not have to give up one image for
another as other mere bodies do. There-
fore in that reality there is no change
and transformation; there it is immortal
and everlasting. Verily the body of man
may be in America. but his spirit laboring
and working in the far east, discovering,
organizing a.nd systematizing. Although
governing, making laws, erecting a build-
ing in Russia, his body is still here in
America. What is this power, which
notwithstanding it is embodied in Amer-
ica-, is still working in the East, organiz-
ing, systematizing, destroying, upbuild-
ing? It is the spirit of man. This is
irrefutable.
When you wish to reflect upon or con-
sider a matter you consult something
within you. You say, shall I do it or
shall I not do it? Is it better to do this
or abandon it? Whom do you consult?
VVho is within you deciding this ques-
tion'? Surely there is a distinct power,
a distinct ego-. VVere it not distinct
from your ego, you would not be con-
sulting it. It is greater than the faculty
o-f thought. It is your spirit which
teaches you, which inspires and decides
upon matters. I/Vho is it that interro-
gates? VVho is it that answers? There
is no doubt that it is the spirit and that
there is no change or transformation
there, for it is not composed of com-
posite elements; and anything that is
not composed of elements is eternal.
Change and transformation are peculi-
arities of composition. There is no
change and transformation in the spirit.
In proof of this the body may become
weakened in its members. It may be
dismembered 0-r one of its members may
be incapacitated. The whole body may
be paralyzed and yet the mind, the spirit
remains ever the same. The mind de-
cides, the thought is perfect and yet the
hand is withered, the feet have become
useless, the spinal column is paralyzed,
and there is no muscular movement at
all, but the spirit is in the same status.
Dismember a healthy man: the spirit
is not dismembered. Amputate his feet;
his spirit is there. may become lame,

