STAR OF THE WEST 139
Holding out in his hand, a piece of
Very thin paper before his eyes', Abdul-
Baha said: "See What a slight thing
will shut off our physical sight; so will
a slight indiscretion, a cross word, an
adverse- criticism shut off the delicate
spiritual sight."
(Abdul-Baha: From notes of Mrs. Mary
Hanford Ford, Paris, 1911.)
Question: "How can we love our
enemies; it is so hard?"
Answer: "There are two kinds of
love: o-ne is direct love which proceeds
from a person to another person: the
o-ther is indirect love--that is to love an
object for another's sake. Now We must
love our enemies for God 's sake and be-
cause He has created them; we must
love them and not for their own per-
sonality. For instance, if your beloved
sends you a rose, you appreciate it, kiss
it and it is valuable to you. This love
is not regarding the personality of the
thing itself, but for the sake of the one
who has sent it to you. \Ve must love
the house for its owner's sake."
(Abdul -Baha.)
. . . Treat ye the sinners, the tyrants
and the blood-thirsty enemies>> as the
faithful friends and the confidants of
the heart. In truth ye must become the
embodiment of benevolence and the ex-
pression of grace. Do not look upon the
"Worth" and "merit" o-f the people.
In former ages and cycles, the command
of love and non-resistance had been re-
vealed. But there was a pretext among
the and "dc-merit."
They would say this person is cont'uma-
cious and a hypocrite and that person is
blood-thirsty and cruel. And if any one
practiced forgiveness that forgiveness
was coupled with blame and reproach.
But in this dispensation, all these pre-
texts are dispelled and real love and
kindness with all the soul and heart to
all the nations of the earth is the ab-
solute law. . . .
(Abdul-Baha: Tablet translated Feb-
ruary 5, 1907, by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab.)
His Holiness Christ came for the pro-
mulgation of the law of love; all the
prophets were sent, all the Books were
revealed, so that the law of love might
be promoted. But a few self-seeking
people subverted the original aims of
the religion of God, changed its pure
current and made it an instrument of
hatred and rancor and quarrel and sedi-
tion. Why should we hate the members
of other religions? Why should We not
love one another? Why should We be
tattlers and busy-bodies and gossip-
mongers? Why are We not looking at
our own short-comings? "Why do We not
let people alone? Why do we not
search after our own faults"? "And why
beholdest thou the mote that is in thy
br0ther's eye, but considerest not the
beam that is in thine own eye? Or how
Wilt thou say to thy brother, let me pull
the mote out of thine and behold, a
beam is in thine own eye. Thou hypo-
crite, first cast out the beam that is in
thine own eye, and then thou shalt see
clearly to cast out the mote that is in
thy brother's eye."
Let us have love and more love,
a love that melts all opposition, a
love that conquers all foes, a love
that sweeps away all barriers, a love
that abo-undeth in charity, large-hearted
ness, tolerance and noble-striving,
a lo-ve that triumphs over all 
a boundless, resistless, sweeping love.
Ah me! Each one must be a sign of
love, a sea of love, a center of love, a
sun of love, a- star of love, a. haven of
love, a pearl of love, a palace of love, a
mountain of love, a World of love, a
universe of love. Hast thou love? Then
thy power is irresistible. Hast thou sym-

