STAR OF THE WEST
"'vVe desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers that the bonds of affection and. unity between the sons of men shall 'be strengtherlei
that diversity of religion shall cease and difierenccs of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes;
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Kowl 1, 73 (November 23, 1917) No. 14
The Center of the Covenant, The Greatest Branch:
Abdul- Baha Abbas
[Following its usual custom this issue of the STAR OF THE W'Es'r emphasizes the "Center of
the Covenant" in the person and function of ABDUL-BAI-IA, inasmuch as the Twenty-sixth of
November is the "Feast of the Appointment of the Center of the 
IN order to preserve the unity of the
Cause and to spread the religion of
God, Baha'0'llah has established this
Covenant and Testament. Were it not
for the power of the Covenant you
would have witnessed the dispersion of
the believers and the total disappearance
of the Cause of God. "When I say the
Covenant, I mean the power and author-
ity of Baha'o'llah given to me.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Extract from
Diary Letter of Mirza Sohrab, to Miss
Magce, Paris, May 10, 1913.)

the ocean of My Presence hath
disappeared and the Book of Origin is
achieved to the end, turn your faces to-
ward I"Iim-Whom-God-hath-purpose d, 
who hath bra/n-ohed~ from this Prc-Exist
out Root.
Vllhen the Nightingale soareth from
the grove of praise, and repaireth to the
furthermost concealed destination, refer
ye that which you understand not from
the Book, to The Branch extended from
this firm Root.
(Words of Bal1a'o'llah: Quotations
from Most Holy
Book.)
my Branches! In this Existent
Being the greatest strength and the most
perfect power is hidden and concealed;
look towards it and gaze in the direction
of its union and not at its seeming dif-
ferences. This is the Testament of God,
that the Branches (Aghsa/n), Twigs
(Afn--am-) and Relations (lliuntessaheen)
must each and we-ry one look to the
Greatest Branch Ghasn Azom). Reflect-
upon that which is revealed in my Book,
the Akdas: "Vi/Then the ocean of my
presence hath disappeared and the book
of Origin is achieved to the end, turn
your faces towards him Whom God hath
purposcd, who hath branched from this
Pre-existent Root." The aim of this
blessed verse ha-th been the Greatest
Bron-ch-. "Te have likewise elucidated
the command as a favor from before us;
and I am the Generous, the All-dis
penser!
Verily God hath ordained the station
of the Greater Branch (Ghusn Akbar)
after the station of the Greatest-.* Verily
he is the Ordainer, the T'Visel have
surely chosen the Greater (Akbar) after
the Greatest (Azam) as a command
from the All-knowing, the Omniscientl
(W'ords of Baha'o'llah: Extract from
Book of the Cove-
nant.)
said in this connection,
that, "After the Truth there is naught
but error." When any of the Branches
sever themselves from the Tree, the sta-
tion also hecomes severed. They are then
only fit for Z/its M. 

