STAR OF THE WEST 27
The first Tarazi and the first Tajallit
is that man should know his own self
and know those things which lead to
loftiness or to basreness, to shame or to
h0n0I', to affluence or to poverty. After
man has realized his own being and
become mature then for him wealth (or
competence) is needed. If this wealth
is acquired through a craft and pro-fes-
sion it is approvable and Worthy of
praise to men of wisdom especially to
those servants men) who arise to
train the world and beautify the souls
of nations.
(W'ords of Baha'o '1lah; Tablet of Tara-
zat; p. 5.) 
Be not grieved or sorrowful that no
great wealth or property has been be-
stowed upon you. Look at the birds!
The first thing in the morning they are
thirsty and hungry. They go to the
spring and a few drops quench their
thirst; then they pick up a few seeds
and are perfectly satisfied and sit upon
the branches and sing the praises of
God. I hope you, too, will be satisfied.
Christ says that We are like the birds.
The birds have habits; one is that they
are satisfied with a few grains. They
have neither property nor possessions,
and they are most of the time on the
branches of the trees singing their beau-
tiful melodies. Now you should be sat-
isfied with a few things and
spend most of the time in spreading the
truths of the Wlord of God.
("Fords of Abdul-Baha; Flowers From
the Rose-Garden of Acca; p. 29.)
 
*Taraz, literally means ornament or an
ornamented mantel. As a robe is adorned
by ornaments, so likewise man is adorned
by practicing these 'Words of Baha'o'-
llah.
i'TajaZZi, literally means splendor or
light. As light illumines the body of
the world, so likewise the inner heart of
man is illumined with these 'Words and
Commands of Bal1a'o'llah.
The length and shortness of life is not
considered important. Vllhether man
lives a few years or a hundred years, the
purpose of his life is to achieve some
definite results. If the tree of his life
does not yield those luscious fruits, the
purpose of his existence has not been
accomplished even if he has lived many,
many years. But if he has lived only a
few years and the tree of his life has
attained to fruition, he has obtained spir-
itual success. Consequently the duration
of life is a conditional matter subject to
the will of God. For example, this
stone has existed 10,000 or 20,000 or
30,000 years but it has not advanced
beyond the mineral kingdom. It has not
achieved its final result. Again a mer-
chant goes to his office every day in the
year; he plans conimercial enterprises,
undertakes vast schemes, organizes large
companies but at the end of the year he
has not gained any profit. On the other
hand another merchant through one
stroke of good luck gains large profits
in one day. Now the former merchant,
although he worked harder all through
the year, did not achieve any success,
while the latter although he worked
only one day yet the outcome of his
activity was prosperous.
(W'ords of Abdul-Baha, from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, October 11,
1914.)
His highness Christ, has addressed
the world, saying: "Be like unto chil-
dren." That is, men must become pure
in heart. The hearts of children are of
the utmost purity. They contain dust.
But this is on account of weakness, not
on account of strength. In the early
period of childhood the hearts are pure;
they have no hypocrisy nor stratagem
and they cannot display any great in-
telligence.
But man becomes pure through the
power of strength, through the power
of intelligence and understanding. He
becomes simple through the great power

