40 STAR OF
no praises offered, nay, rather, the only
praise which was offered Christ was of-
fered by the believers. His holiness
Peter, for instance, was one of those who
praised him; and his disciples who were
firm believers eulogized him. But how
numerous are the books Which were writ-
ten against his holiness Christ! Refer
to the history of the church and find
how many were the books Written against
him by the Roman, Greek and Egyptian
philosophers. How many were the cal-
umnies which they attributed to him
and how many were the libels against
him!
But during the manifestation of his
holiness Baha'o'1lah, from the day of
his appearance to the day of his disap-
pearance all the nations of the world
acknowledged his greatness and even
those who were his bitterest enemies
have recorded in their books: "This
man was truly great; his influence was
majestic. This person was a glorious
man; his power was tremendous, his
speech was most eloquent', but alas, he
was a misleader of the people." This
was the nature of their eulogies. It is
evident that the writer of such a state-
ment as this that Baha 'o'llah was a mis-
leader of the people must have been an
enemy; but nevertheless, before making
that statement he had first written:
"This person was most glorious, was
most mighty, was peerless, his speech was
most eloquent." After that the writer
adds: "But, alas, he was a misleader
of the people!" His enemies have even
written poems about him, which, though
intended for satire have in reality been
praise. For instance, a certain poet op-
posed to his Cause, has said:
"Beware! Beware! lest ye approach
this person for he is possessed of such
power, of such an eloquent tongue that
he is a sorcerer. This person charms
men, he drugs them, he is a hypnotizer
and hypnotizes them. Beware! Beware!
lest you read his book, lest you follow
his example, lest you associate with his
companions, because they are the pos-
sessors of tremendous power and they
are misleaders." 'He used these charac-
THE WEST
terizations believing them to be terms of
belittlement, unaware that they were in
reality praises, because a wise man, after
reading such a warning would say, "The
power of this man must be tremendous
if even his enemies acknowledge his
greatness. Undoubtedly such a power is
heavenly in character." This was one
of the reasons that so many were moved
to investigate. The more they wrote
against Baha.'o'llah the more the people
were attracted and the greater the num-
ber who came to investigate the truth.
They would say, "This is remarkable!
This is a great man and we must investi-
gate. We must look into this Cause to
find out what it all means, what is the
purpose, what are the proofs, that we
may learn for ourselves." Thus the ma-
ligning statements of the enemies. caused
the people to become friends and ap-
proach.
In Persia the mullahs went so far as
to go into the pulpits and from the pul-
pits to proclaim against the Cause of
Baha'o'llah, throwing their turbans
upon the ground,--a sign of great agi-
saying, people, this
Baha'o'llah is a sorcerer, he is mesmeriz-
ing you, he is alienating you from your
own religion, he is making you a fol-
lower of his. Beware! Beware! lest
you read his book; beware! beware! lest
you associate with his friends."
Of these very ones who were thus de-
crying him, Ba-ha'o'llah says:
"They are my heralds; they are the
ones who are proclaiming my message;
they are the ones who are spreading my
word. Pray that they may be multiplied,
pray that their number may increase and
that they may cry m.ore vocife-rously.
The more badly they speak of me and
the greater their agitation, the more
tremendous will be the efficacy of the
Cause of God, the more luminous the
Word and the greater the radiance of
the divine sun. And eventually the
gloomy darkness of the world will dis-
appear and the light of Reality will
shine, until the Whole earth shall be
illuminated. 

