STAR OF THE WEST 191
Centennial Celebration of the Birth of Baha'o'llah
THE Centennial Festival in com-
memoration of the Birth of tl1e
Greatest Manifestation of God,
Baha'o'llah, was celebrated by the Chi-
cago Assembly and visiting friends from
the central states and others, New York,
Oregon and California being among
those represented. The happiness of the
assembled friends was evident. The
meetings throughout the three days Were
full of spiritual joy and heavenly har-
mony.
The festival began Saturday evening,
November 10th, with a banquet in the
Auditorium hotel, Where all meetings
were held.
THE FESTIVAL
Mr. Charles H. Greenleaf of Chicago
presided. He read the Glad Tidings of
the Kingdom as revealed by Abdul-Baha,
as follows:
"Do you know in what Day you are
living? Do you realize in What Dispen-
sation you are alive? Have you not read
in the Holy Scriptures that at the con-
summation of the ages there shall appear
a Day which is the Sun of all the past
Days? This is the Day in which the
Lord of Hosts has come down from
Heaven on the Clouds of Glory! This
is the Day in which all the inhabitants
of all the World shall come under the
Tent of the W0-rd of God!"
"This is the Day Whose real sovereign
is His Highness the Almighty. This is
the Day when the East and the West
shall embrace each other like unto two
lovers. This is the Day in which War and
contention shall be forgotten. This is the
Day in which nations and governments
Will enter into an eternal bond of amity
and conciliation. This Century is the
fulfillment of the Promised Century.
"This Day is the dawn of the appear-
ances of the traces of the glorious visions
of past prophets and sages. Now is the
dawn: ere long the effulgent Sun shall
rise and shall station itself in the merid-
ian of its majesty. Then ye shall observe
the effects of the Sun. Then ye shall be-
hold What heavenly illumination has be-
come manifest. Then ye shall compre-
hend that these are the infinite Bestowals
of God! Then ye shall see that this world
has become- another World. Then ye shall
perceive that the teachings of God have
universally spread. Rest ye assured
that this darkness shall be dispelled and
these impenetrable clouds which have
darkened the horizon shall be scattered,
and the Sun of Reality shall appear in
full splendor. Its rays shall melt the ice-
bergs of hatred and differences which
have transformed the moving sea of hu-
manity into hard frozen immensity. The
vices of the world of nature shall be
changed into- praiseworthy attributes,
and the lights of the excellences of the
divine realm shall appear.
"The principles of His Holiness Baha-
'o'llah, like unto the spirit, shall pene-
trate the body of the World and the love
of God, like unto an artery, shall beat
through the five continents.
"The East shall become illumined, the
l/Vest perfumed, and the children of men
shall enter beneath the all-embracing
canopy of the oneness of the World of
humanity.
"In this Day the rest of the World are
asleep. Praise be to God! that you are
awake! They are all uninformed; but,
praise be to God! you are informed of
the mysteries of God. Thank ye God
that in this arena ye have preceded
others. I hope that each one of you may
become a pillar in the palace of the one-
ness of the world of humanity. May
each one of you become a. luminous star
of this heaven, thus lighting the path of
those are seeking the goal of human
perfection. 
Mr. Greenleaf said in part, "We be-
gin tonight a series of meetings com-
memorating the greatest event in human
history, for one hundred years ago One
(Continued on page 196)

