STAR OF THE WEST 33
he laughed. Whereupon a little ripple of
delight ran through the audience. The
cha.rm of him had captured them all!
Afterwards he went up to rest in Mr.
Morten's room. He had seen one hun-
dred and forty people that morning and
was so spent tha.t he seemed almost ill.
His fatigue was evident to all and yet,
the people had no pity! When I returned
fro-m an errand to the kitchen, I found
that his rest was being cruelly intruded
on. Literally a hundred people were
streaming towards his room. A dozen
were in the room; at the door we-re many
eager faces- and behind them, coming up
the stairs, a procession!
"Oh cam/t we shut the door?" I asked
the interpreter, but Abdul-Baha heard
my question.
"Let them come now," he said gently.
The disciples' attitude Mas-
ter's attitude! What a difference there
has always been between them! "Suffer
the little children to come unto me";
and the disciples were such little children
themselves that he had to put it that
way--"suffer them."
Tenderly he pressed a baby to his
breast, smiling and fo-ndling it. "Beau-
tiful baby; little dove" he said in his
dear English.
April 18th.
A young single taxer began to ques-
ton him. "What message shall I take
to my friends?"
"Tell them," laughed Abdul-Baha,
with that wonderful spice of keen humor
in his face, "to come into the Kingdom
of God! There they will find plenty of
land and there are "no taxes on it!"
That day (the 18th of April) he
agreed to go to the Bowery Mission, and
he began to speak about it.
want to- give them so-me money,"
he said to me; am in love with the
poor.' How many poor men go to the
Mission?"
"About 300."
"Take this bill to the bank, uliet, and
change it into quarters," he said. He
drew from his breastpocket a thousand
franc note.
"Keep the money," he further in-
structed me, "and meet me at the Mis-
sion with it, in a bag."
As I left the room, with some lilies-o-f-
the-valley in my hand, a pretty little
chambermaid stopped me-.
"Did he give you those?" she asked.
"Yes."
"He gave me some flowers yesterday
--some roses. I think he is a saint."

The next night, Friday, We Went to
the Bowery Mission.
To the men of the Mission, Abdul-Baha
said: Christ blessed the poor. never
said 'Blessed are the rich'; therefore, you
must be thankful to God, that although
in this World you are indigent, yet the
treasures of God are within your reach;
although in the material realm you are
poor, yet in the Kingdom of God, you
are precious."
At the end o-f the service, Abdul-Baha
stood at the Mission door, to greet the
men as they passed out, and more than to
greet them, to add to those tender words
of his, a gift. Ah, the pitiful procession
--the breadline--filing past the pure,
majestic Abdul-Baha; the homeless, the
hungry, the moral failures, the broken
figures, blurred faces, sunken men! Into
each poor palm, as he clasped it, he
pressed his little gift of one, two or three
quarters, just the symbol, and the price
of a bed; not a man was shelterless that
night, and many, I could see, found a
spiritual shelter, a home, in his soul. I
could see it by the faces lifted to his. It
was Wonderful to Witness the looks inter-
changed; first the look of grateful sur-
prise at the gift found in the palm; then
another stealing into it; then a. flash of
revelation from the eyes of Abdul-Baha,
(Continued on page 37)

