180 STAR OF THE WEST
with extraordinary respect, close to the
mansion of Bahje, which is situated a
short distance from Acca.
(Abul Fazl: Bahoi Proofs, p. 69.)
ye friends of God and assistants of
Abdul-Baha 1
"When the Sun of Truth was con-
cealed behind the cloud of glory, the
orb of the universe disappeared from
the dawning'--place of the visible and
shone forth in the invisible World, and
conferred successive bounties upon the
contingent world, then from the unseen
realms, the bats began to move, opened
their wings and flew around. They sup-
posed they could interrupt the glorious
bounties of that beautiful face, quench
the shining rays of the Sun of Truth;
extinguish the ignited fire and destroy
the praiseworthy light; for they imag-
ined that on account of the departure
of His Highness the desired One, the
divine foundations would be demolished
and the blessed tree uprooted. Evil was
that which they imagined and thou find-
est them in this day in manifest loss.
For, according to what was heard,
the enemies in some of the lands, upon
receiving the news of the most great dis-
aster, held banquets. They rejoiced and
made merry, celebrated festivals, burned
incense, served sweets and flowers, lit
many a candle, mixed honey and wine,
played lutes and harps, spent that eve-
ning in cheerfulnessi and gladness until
dawn, and sought delight and pleasure.
But (they were) hcedless that the
bounty of that Sun has no end, -the tor-
rent of that rain is free from inter-
ruption, the radiance of that blessed Orb
is continual, and that the dominion of
the "Merciful One (Who) is established
upon the Throne" is permanent. -Nay,
rather, the human temple, like unto_ a
cloud, prevents (people) from beholding
the rays of the Sun. Therefore, it is
said in the Gospel that when His High-
ness the Promised One comes, he shall
be mounted on a cloud; but when that
noble cloud is concealed, then shall the
disk of the sun become manifest and
transmit intense rays throughout all re-
gions.
Consequently, after the lapse of but
a short time arose a tumult throughout
the regions and the pillars of the World
trembled. The East became full of cries
of joy and the "Test full of clamor. The
most luminous Sun of the beauty of
Truth shone forth with. the utmost ardor
from the invisible zodiac, upon all re-
gions. The veil of covering and conceal-
ment was removed and the fire -of the
love of God became ablaze Within the
hearts. The beloved of God were en-
kindled as candles and became well
known among men like unto enraptured
lovers. From every quarter a song and
melody was heard and the call of 
our Lord, We have heard Thy voice."
was raised in all regions. The Word of
God was promoted and the fragrances
of God diffused. The fame of the True
One was universally spread. The call
of "Am  not (your Lord)" reached
the ears of the far and near. The Cause
of the religion of God became loft-ier.
All the nations became impressed, and
the enemies of the Blessed Beauty
(Baha'o'llah) were disappointed and in
loss.
'When they considered that the de-
parture of His Highness the Desired
my life be a sacrifice to his
beloved I--led to the exalt-ation of his
blessed Cause, and the flame of the
ignited fire increased and every assured
believer stepped forward, therefore the
shining of the brilliant light proved a
manifest loss to the denying people.
Moreover, the grace of His Highness the
Almighty adorned the imperial throne
of Persia with the accession of an equit-
able king and through the power of the
Merciful -One that perfect sovereign be-
came compassionate toward this op-
pressed community. This was also a
confirmation from His Highness the
Powerful Lord.
(From Tablet by Abdul-Baha for Mirza
Abul Fazl and Ishteal Ebn Kalanter.
Translated June 4., 1903, Washingtoll,
D. G.)

