STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A 
By NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street; Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the postoffice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
*7 Honorary Member--MIRzA AHMAD SOHRAB 
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders -payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U. S.A.
7 To personal checks please add sufiicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS cool 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in ev_ery country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant. in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arenawill become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signgd) ABDUL-BAHA Asnas.
Vol. Jamal 1, 73 (April 28, 1917Clay! Be blind, that thou mayest behold
My Beauty" I
LETTERS FROM A BLIIND JAPANESE BAHAI
the blessed words. There are now three
blind men, earnest students. What
blessed work for this dear woman who
Tokyo-, Japan.
Dear friends:
I cannot allow another day to pass
without writing you of the splendid work
do-ne here in Japan by our good Bahai
sister Miss Agnes Alexander. You all
know that she has devoted her time for
the past three years to spreading the mes-
sage and the result of her lab-ors is be-
yond record.
I attended the Friday afternoon meet-
ing and found young men students, earn-
est, attentive, reading the Hidden
Words with a devotion that would put
to shame many of 0-ur oldest Bahais.
What struck me as the most! wonderful
of this Wonderful gathering was a blind
young man who had put into Braille the
prayers, Hidden Words and message.
He-re he was reading, with his finger tips,
has left home and friends and out here,
surrounded by everything foreign, devot-
ing herself to the Cause. I send a photo-
graph. Dr. Augur is in the lower row.
He comes every Friday, a long train
journey, to be present at these Friday
gatherings.
Cannot some of our Bahais send a cou-
ple of typewriters for the use of these
blind students'? T'ruly a b~etter gift to
the Cause could not be offered.
There is even talk of a Bahai school in
the air. We pray it may materialize an.d
become a reality.
Yours in His Greatest Name,
Emma Erskine aim,
of the New York Assembly.
Letter from a young blind Japanese Bahai to a lady who is working
for the blind soldiers in England
Miss Helen M. Grand. was such a, great pleasure for me to Write
Bahai friend: to the poor blinded soldiers and at once
With great: joy I received your letter I wrote with all my heart. Indeed it is
through Miss Alexander the 23d inst. It a great privilege for me to send such a

