228 STAR OF
As thou hast realized thy own short-
comings, rest thou assured that thou art
firm in the Covenant and Testament, and
in the love of the True One art steadfast
and growing.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Extract from
Tablet revealed for an American be-
liever; translated November 1, 1909.)
This is the first step in the path of
God, but the distance of the way is great.
I hope that thou mayest traverse that dis-
tance and reach the house of the object.
That pathway is that of severance from
the World-tie, reliance upon God, b-aptism
through spirit and fire; namely, to
attain the spirit of the knowledge of
God, and conflagration with the fire of
the love of God trustworthiness, faith-
fulness and firmness in the Covenant,
steadfastness in the cause of God, and
service to the kingdom of peace which
shall soon establish its tent in the center
of the world.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Tablet re-
vealed for an American believer; re-
ceived October 8, 1906.)

thou daughter of the Kingdom! If
thou desirest divine confirmation and
assistance, so that the heavenly Cohorts
may grant thee victory, remain thou firm
and steadfast in the cause of God and
be thou constant in the Covenant and
like unto a solid struc-
ture thou mayest become established
and unshakable throughout all eternity.
'Whenever a great object adheres to its
own center, great results and signs will
become apparent.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From Diary
of Mirza Sohrab, July 13, 1914.)
But the sincere servant of Baha'o'llah
who is firm in the Covenant and stead-
fast in the Testament while surrounded
THE WEST
by the most great sea of tests, threatened
by the surging, rocking waves of perse-
cutions and encircled by the whirlwinds
of calumnies and backbitings, will blos-
som like unto a rose and break into joy-
ous song and sweet melodies like unto
the nightingale.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: From Diary
of Mirza Sohrab, July 28, 1913.)
 
The words of love and unity have been
more dwelt upon in the writings of
Baha'o'llah than by any other prophet.
In the Book of the Covenant it is noted
most especially. In this tablet he says:
people of the world! I hope you will
hold to the principles which will uphold
your station." The station of man is
great if he be true to himself and live up
to it. If the friends live up to the teach-
ings of the two pages of the Covenant, it
will be sufficient.
(Words of wife o-f Abdul-Baha:
Flowers from Rose Garden of Ace-a,
p. 31.) .

God! Assist me with the hosts of
the Supreme Concourse and make me
firm and stea.dfast in the Covenant and
Testament. I am Weak in the Covenant
and the Testament, confer upon me
strength; I am poo-r, bestow upon me
wealth from the treasury of the King-
dom; I am ignorant, open before my face
the doors of knowledge; I am dead,
breathe into me the breath of life; I am
dumb, grant me an eloquent tongue so
that with a fluent expression I may raise
the call of thy Kingdom and guide all
to the firmness of thy Covenant. Thou
art the Generous, the Giver, and the
Mighty!
(Prayer revealed by Abdul-Baha:
From notes of an American pilgrim to
Abdul-Baha while in Dublin, N. H., July
1912.)

