1 -rL4_ um I77 7 1' 
Old Testament Prophecies Concerning
The Branch
Behold the man whose name is The and he
shall grow up out of l1is place, and he shall build the temple
of the Lord; even he shall build the temple of the Lord; and he
shall bear the glory, and shall sit and rule upon his throne; and
he shall be a priest upon his throne; and the counsel of peace
shall be between them 6 :12, 13.)
Hear now, Joshua, the high priest, thou, and thy fellows
that sit before thee: for they are men Wondered at: for, behold,
I will bring forth my servant The BRANCH. . . . . In that
day, saith the Lord of hosts, shall ye call every man his neighbor
under the vine and under the fig 8 
And there shall come forth a. rod out of the stem of Jesse,
and a Branch shall grow out of his roots: and the Spirit of the
Lord shall rest upon him, the spirit of Wisdom and understand-
ing, the spirit of counsel and might, the spirit of knowledge and
of the fear of the Lord; and shall make him of quick understand-
ing in the fear of the Lord; and he shall no-t judge after the
sight of his eyes, neither reprove after the hearing of his ears,
but with righteousness shall he judge the po-or, and reprove with
equity for the meek of the earth; and he shall smite the earth
with the rod of his mouth, and with the breath of his lips shall
he slay the Wicked. And righteousness shall be the girdle of his
loins, a11d faithfulness the girdle of his reins. . . . . They shall
not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain: for the earth shall
be full of the knowledge of the Lord, as the Waters cover the sea.
And in that day there shall be a root of Jesse, which shall stand
for an ensign of the people; to it shall _the Gentiles seek: and his
resting place shall be gloriousshall set up an
ensign for the nations, and shall assemble the outcasts of Israel,
and gather together the dispersed of Judah from the four corners
of the 11 
In that day shall The BRANCH of the Lord be beautiful
and glorious, and the fruit of the earth shall be excellent and
comely for them that are escaped of 

