STAR OF THE 
The Coming Convention
The annual Bahai Congress and Convention will be held in Boston this year,
from April 29th to l\Iay 2nd. The directors of the Temple Unity feel that they
are thus following the suggestion of Abdul-Baha, made in the recent tablet
published in the STAR or THE Wnsr. The spiritual radiance of the friends in
Boston has been especially brilliant this last season. All of those W110 attend
the Convention in their city i11 this great year of 1917 will indeed h.ave a
unique privilege. May this be the 1nost glorious and life-imparting of all the
many splendid and Pentecostal Conventions thus far held in America.
"Now, is the Beginning of a Cycle of Reality"
ye children of the Kingdom! 1
It is New Yeart'; that is to say, the rounding of the cycle of the year. A
year is the expression of a cycle (of the sun); but 110w is the beginning of a
cycle of Reality, a New Cycle, a New Age, a New Century, a New Time and a
New Year. Therefore it is very blessed.
I wish this blessing to appear and become manifest in the faces and charac-
teristics of the believers, so that they, too, many become a new people, and
having found new life and been baptized with fire and spirit, may make the
world a new world, to the end that the old ideas depart and new thoughts
come; old garments be cast aside and new. garments put on; ancient politics
whose foundation is War be discarded and modern politics founded on peace
raise the standards of victory; the new star shine and gleam and the new sun
illuminc and radiate; new flowers bloom; the new bounty descend; the new
tree give forth new fruit; the new voice become raised and this new sound reach
the ears, that the new will follow the new, and all the old furnishings and
adornments be cast aside and new decorations put in their places.
I desire for you that you will have this great assistance and partake of this
great bounty, and that in spirit and heart you will strive and endeavor until
the world of war become the World of peace; the world of darkness the world
of light; satanic conduct be turned into heavenly behavior; the ruined places
become built up; the sword be turned into the olive branch; the flash of hatred
become the flame of the love of God and the noise of the gun the voice of the
kingdom; the soldiers of death the soldiers of life; all the nations of the world
one nation; all races as one race; and all national anthems harmonized into one
melody.
Then this material realm will be paradise, the earth heaven and the world
of satan become the world of angels.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
This is a new cycle of human power. All the horizons of the world are
luminous. The world will become even as a garden and a paradise. It is the
hour of unity between the sons of men, and the drawing together of all races and
all Anelxs.
I 
*l\larch 21st; the first day of the Bahai year, known as the Festival of
Xaurooz.

