64 STAR OF THE WEST
should seek to free ourselves from all
attachments. The things of this world
are like the waves of the sea. It is im-
possible that they should endure. In
comparison, the things of the Kingdom
are like rocks, firm and enduring.
If one is attached to the demands of
the human body he will never be a.t rest,
for the body is constantly dema.nding
change. This tree growing before the
window, it is impossible that it should
not die, no matter how it is tended and
how well it is wate-red. foolish to
spend one's time and energy on th.at
which can not endure. If one is turned
toward heavenly things he will become
like a rock. But if his heart be attached
to anything in this world it will become
subject to change. Attachments are like
ro-pes which drag us to the earth when
we try to fly. To be detached is to be
free, is to be flying -in a new ether, is
to be light, is t0- be joyous--and a Bahai
should be joyous. He should attain to
such a station of joy that the world will
enquire as to his secret. If he be en-
t'irely detached and emptied of self he
will be enabled to- start in a cold heart
a great fire.
(Vilords of Abdul-Baha: Quoted from
a letter written Miss Juliet Thompson
by Mrs. Isabel Fraser, Hamleh, Septem-
ber 24, 1913.)
The mystery of sacrifice is a mo-st
great subject and is inexhaustible.
Briefly it is as follows: The mo-th is a
sacrifice to the candle. The spring of
water is a sacrifice to the thirsty one.
The sincere lover is a sacrifice to the
loved one and the longing one is a sacri-
fice to the beloved. One must wholly
forget himself, must b-ecome a wanderer
(in the Abode of the Beloved). He must
seek the good pleasure 0-f the True One,
desire the face of the True One, and
walk in the path of the True One; he
must become intoxicated with His cup,
resigned in His hand and close his eyes
to life and living in order that he may
shine like unto the light of truth from
the horizon of Eternity. This is the
first station of sacrifice.
The second station of sacrifice is as
follows: Man must become severed from
the human world; be delivered from the
darkness of this world; the illumination
of mercifulness must shine and radiate
in him, the nether wo-rld beco-me as non-
existent and the Kingdom become mani-
fest. He must become like- iron thrown
within the furnace of fire. The qualities
of iron such as blackness, coldness and
solidity which belong to the earth dis-
appear and vanish While the character-
istics of fire such as redness, glowing and
heat which belong to the Kingdom be-
come ap-parent and visible. Therefore,
iron hath sacrificed its qualities and
grades to the fire, acquiring the virtues
of that element.
Likewise, when souls are released from
the fetters of the world, the imperfec-
tions of mankind and animalistic dark-
ness and have stepped into- the realm of
detachment, have partaken from the out-
pouring o-f the Placeless and have ac-
quired lordly perfection, they are the
"ransomed ones" of the Sun of Truth,
who are hastening to the altar of heart
and so-ul.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Tablets of
Abdul-Baha, p. 354.)
When man dedicates his life to a
cause he must dedicate himself entirely,
then he is really dedicated. This is not
through word but through deed. One
must dedicate his life completely, fully,
in reality, just as the dead branch sacri-
fices its life to the fire, and just as the
oil sacrifices its life. to give light. This
is the greatest static-n, the station of
sacrifice. There is no- greater than this.
In Oriental language there is the ex-
pression, "May my life be a sacrifice to
you," and a man writing a hundred let-
ters a day might use these words a
hundred times and yet he would not
sacrifice anything for his friend. But
this is custom, a usage. Everybody who
writes a letter to his friend says, "May

