STAR OF THE WEST 171
You advocate your own interests, and
this pride of yours is supported by your
empire and sovereignty. Because of
your arrogance, God Will shortly de-
stroy your sovereigntyand a revolution
shall be set up in that kingdom, and
the reins of government shall be taken
from your hands, and in the utmost
of debasement and degradation will you
be cast, and now surely I see you in deg-
radation. Soon it shall be manifested!
The river Rhine will be the place of your
humiliation and mourning, and the wo-
men will bemoan the loss of their sons."
Such was the arraignment which was
sent. It has been published and sent
abroad.
Similar addresses were directed to
other kings. And this he accomplished
within a prison which was beyond hu-
man endurance, and all that he wrote or
declared came to pass. It became evident
and manifest, no one could hinder it.
Some have not yet come to pass; they
will occur later.
('Words of Abdul-Baha: From address
given in 'Washington, D. 0., May 10,
1912J
In spite of all difficulties Baha'o'llah
was ever in an exalted state; his face
shone continually. He had the presence
of a king. One cannot imagine any one
with more majesty. One would have said
that he was enjoying the greatest com-
fort. He drew his strength from divine
powers, which always triumph. Minds
were exalted on beholding him, and
Baha'o'llah never hid himself. He spoke
courageously before all. "He is incom-
parable," declared the people, "but he
is setting himself against Islam. Such
an one is an honor to humanity," they
said, "but a detriment to our religion;
therefore we must declare ourselves
against him." . . .
Abdul-Baha.)
In his lifetime he was restless for ac-
tivity. He did not pass one night rest-
fully in his bed. He bore all his ordeals
and catastrophies in order that in the
world of humanity a heavenly radiance
might become apparent; in order that
in the world of humanity the most great
peace might become a reality; in order
that certain souls might become mani-
fest as the very angels of heaven; in
order that heaven's morals might become
apparent among men; in order that hu-
manity, or individuals of humanity,
might become educated; in order that the
precious, priceless qualities of God in
the human temple might be developed
to the fullest capacity; in order that-
man might be the likeness of God, even
as it ha.s been stated in the Bible.
(Abdul-Baha: Extract from address
given in New York City, April 18,
1912.)
It was in all probability the second
month of the summer when one early
morning the steamer anchored off the
shore of Haifa. Altogether we Were
seventy-seven persons. After sunrise we
landed at Haifa, and hardly three or
four hours had passed before a large
sailing boat was brought into commission
by the authorities, in which they were
going to carry us back to Acca. The
baggage was taken on board, and imme-
diately afterward all of us were taken
Off. It Was about 4 p. in. when we
reached Acca.
As we entered the place we found the
inhabitants of Acca, Without exception,
sickly looking people of sallow, yellow
complexion, a good many unable to
walk and hence strewn 011 the narrow
streets. Even the soldiers and officers,
who possessed privileges, looked ill. In
fact, a number of the soldiers, that is,
those who were ordered to guard us,
were very sick and I began treating them
at once.
Ab dul-B aha. 
That night we were kept by the sol-
diers who guarded us entirely without
food. Two sentries were placed at the
door and we were forbidden to go to
the market to buy anything. The moth-

