238 STAR OF
the divine exhortations, commands and
lordly teachings. 42.)
Arise with every power to assist the
Covenant of God and serve in his vine-
yard. Be confident that a confirmation
will be granted unto you and a success
on his part is given unto you. Verily,
he shall support you by the angels of
his holiness and reinforce you with the
breaths of the spirit that ye may enter
the Ark of Safety, set forth the evident
signs, impart the spirit o-f life, declare
the essence of his commands and pre-
cepts, guide the sheep who are straying
from the fold in all directions, and give
the blessings. Ye have to use every
THE WEST
effort in your power and strive earnestly
and wisely in this new century. By
God, verily the Lord of Hosts is your
support, the angels of heaven your
assistance, the Holy Spirit your com-
panion and the Center of the Covenant
your helper. Be not idle, but active and
fear notgreat
station and noble rank and ye shall find
yourselves in evident success and pros-
perity, the like of which the of exist-
ence never saw in former ages. El-Baha
and salutations be upon every one who
is firm in the Covenant, free from dis-
sension, sanctified from deceits and stead-
fast in the path. 162.)
Habits of Prayer in the Orient
From Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, October 3, 1913.
ERE in the East everybody arises
very early so that between five and
six o'clock we are all out of our beds
with the words, "Allah-o-Abha," on our
lips, greeting each other. There are four
customs that have impressed me deeply
and are significant signs of the religious
nature of these people.
First: Their uniform early rising.
Although in the West it is taught,
"Early to bed and early to rise," it is
seldom practiced.
Second: No so=o-ner do they o-pen their
eyes than the holy name of God is upon
their lips, thanking him for all his past
graces and future bestowals.
Third: Their quiet, solitary prayer
and cone-entration lasting from ten to
thirty minutes according to the religious
spirit o-f the individual.
Fourth: As soon as they have finished
their individual prayer and before tak-
ing their breakfast they assemble in the
reception room and pray to God, read
communes or chant tablets. They will
then, refreshed b-y the spiritual food,
gather around the table to partake 0-f the
material breakfast.
The Divine Art of Living
A COMPILATION BY MRS. MARY M. RABB
(Chapter I appeared in issue N0. 16; Chapter II in N0. 18, Vol. VII~Chapter appeared in issue
No. 2; Chapter IVin N0. 4; ChapterV in N0. 6; ChapterVI in No. 8; first portion
of Chapter VII in No. 10, continued in No. 11; Chapter in N0. 18;
first portion of Chapter IX in No. 18, Vol. 
CHAPTER IX--Continued
Tests
A TO trials (tests in the path of
God), verily, they are necessary.
Hast thou not heard and read how there
appeared trials from God in the day of
Jesus, .and thereafter, and how the whirl-
wind of tests became severe"? Even the
glorious Peter was not rescued from the
flame of trials, and wavered. Then he re-
pented and mourned the mourning of a
bereaved one and his lamentations raised
unto the Suprenie Concourse. Is it, then,
possible to be saved from the trials of

