124 STAR OF
Son of Man! I loved thy creation,
therefore I created thee. . . .
(From idden Words.)
We declare that love is the cause of
the existence of all phenomena and that
the absence of love is the ca-use of dis-
integration or no-n-existence. Love is
the conscious bestowal of God,--the bond
of affiliation in all phenomena. will
first consider the proof of this through
sense-perception: As We look upon the
universe we observe that all co-mposite be-
ings or existing phenomena are made up
primarily of single elements bound to-
gether by at po-wer of attraction. Through
this power of attraction, cohesion has
become manifest between the atoms o-f
these composing elements. The resultant
being is a phenomenon of the lower con-
tingent type. The power of cohesion ex-
pressed in the mineral kingdom is in
reality love or affinity manifested in a
low degree according to the exigencies
of the mineral world. We take a step
higher into the vegetable kingdom where
we find a11 increased power of attrac-
tion has become manifest among the
composing elements which form phe-
nomena. Through this degree of attrac-
tion a cellular admixture is produced
among these elements which make up
the body of a plant. Therefore in the
degree of the vegetable kingdom there
is love. We enter the animal kingdom
and find the attractive power binding
together single elements as in the min-
eral, plus the cellular admixture as in
the vegetable, plus the phenomena of
feelings or susceptibilities. We observe
that the animals a.re susceptible to cer-
tain affiliation and fellowship, and that
they exercise natural selection. This
elemental attraction, this admixture and
selective affinity is love manifest in the
degree of the animal kingdom.
Finally we come to- the kingdom of
man. As this is- the superior kingdom,
the light of love is more resplendent. In
man we find the power of attraction
THE WEST
among the elements which compose his
material body, plus the attraction which
produces cellular admixture or power
augmentative, plus the attraction which
characterizes the sensibilities of the ani-
mal kingdom, but still beyond and above
all these lower powers we discover in
the being of man the attraction of heart,
the susceptibilities and affinities which
bind men together, enabling them to live
a.nd associate in friendship and solidar-
ity. It is therefore evident that in the
world of humanity, the greatest king and
sovereign is Love. If love were extin-
guished, the power of attraction dis-
pelled, the affinity of human hearts de-
stroyed, the phenomena of human life
would disappear.
This is a proof perceptible to the
senses, acceptable to reason, in accord
with traditions and teachings of the holy
books and verified by the pro-mptings of
human hearts themselves. It is a proof
upon which we can absolutely rely and
declare to be complete.
But these are only degrees of love
which exist in the natural or physical
World. Their manifestation is ever ac-
cording to the requirement of natural
conditions and standards. Real love is
the love which exists between God and
His servants-,--the love which binds to-
gether holy souls. This is the love of
the spiritual world, not the love of the
physical bodies and organisms. For ex-
ample, consider and observe how the be-
stowals of God successively descend
upon mankind; how the divine efful-
gences ever shine upon the human World!
There can be no doubt that these be-
stowals, these bounties, these effulgences
emanate from love. Unless love be the
divine motive, it would be impossible
for the heart of man to attain or re-
ceive them. Unless: love exists the divine
blessing could not descend upon any ob-
ject or thing. Unless there be love the
recipient of divine effulgence could not
radiate and reflect that elfulgence upon
other objects. If we are of those who
perceive we realize that the bounties of

