STAR OF THE WEST 163
the jailer took me out and said: "Sit
down here and be patient. About noon
the prisoners are taken out, and then
you can see your father!" I sat there.
A little after twelve o-'clock they brought
the prisoners out and among them I saw
the Blessed Perfection. A thick heavy
chain called gare kahar, the heaviest
and thickest chain of the time, was
placed about his holy feet, the end of
which dragged along the ground. His
neck was also chained with heavy fetters
and his hands manacled. Mirza Mah-
moud--a most Wonderful Bahai--Was
the fellow-prisoner of Baha'o'llah. They
were chained together. A common, ordi-
nary felt hat, the top of which was worn
out and the fringe torn and soiled, was
on his blessed head. I cannot describe
to you the pain and anguish that at-
tacked and tortured me by this sight of
the Manifestation!
[The compiler Wishes to state just
here that anguish personified, the vibra-
tions of which pierced every listener as
a two-edged sword, marked Abdul-
Baha's address as he told of this same
event, While he Was in San Francisco.
Never shall it be forgotten by those
who were blessed by listening to his
voice, even if it was such a saddened
occasion.]
In short, the fiendish cruelties of the
authorities reached to such a height as
to divide a large number of the believers
among the various classes of the inhabi-
tants of Teheran, so that these people
might martyr them according to their
own devilish desires. For example, a
believer was given to- the government
clerks, another to the policemen, an-
other to the infantry, another to the
ulemas, another to the dervishes, an-
other to the butchers--one to the mem-
bers of each craft and profession--so
that all of them might lend a hand in
shedding the blood of these innocent Ba-
hais. For instance, a believer was given
to the cavalry. These ferocious beasts
took him to S-aleza Meydan and about
one thousand of them riding on their
horses, with drawn swords attacked him
from all sides. The body was actually
cut into a thousand small pieces, and
yet they did not give up. The sight of
blood maddened them, and turned them
into Wild, dancing savages, thirsting for
more blood. Finally the executioner
called out to them: ye madmen!
Stop! It is enough! Nothing is left
of the body. I must take these small
shreds and pieces and bury them, Do
not add more to the horrors of my task 1"
At this juncture a restaurant keeper ar-
rived on the scene and asked the execu-
tioner to let him have the remains of
the "accursed Bahai," because he would
burn them in his stove and by this act
gain his entrance into Paradise. . . .
Those were the _days of miraculous deeds,
matchless heroism, unsurpassable firm-
ness and divine courage. Each one of
the believers while Walking upon the
earth, was at the same time soaring to-
ward the -Supreme Concourse. They
were the angels of the Kingdom of Abha
and the spiritual heroes of the arena
of unparalleled sacrifice.
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Sohrab,
February 22, 1914.)
Wlien Baha'o'llah was imprisoned in
Teheran, the Russian ambassador went
about twenty times to the Shah to plead
in his behalf, saying: "This man has no
fault. He is faultless. "Thy do you
imprison him?" The Shah answered
that Baha.'o'llah must be punished be-
cause he had ordered an attack on his
life. The Ambassador said: "That is
not a reasonable supposition, for if he
had ordered such an attempt he would
have ordered a bullet put in the gun in-
stead of merely powder and small shot."
The Shah acknowledged this reasoning,
but was determined to hold Baha'o'llah
responsible so as to have a pretext for
keeping him in prison.
Again and again the Russian ambas-
sador went to talk with the Shah about
the matter, and at last the Shah con-
fessed that he Was afraid of the influence
of Baha'o'llah, and that if he should set

