STAR OF THE WEST 187
tidings of his coming. The Bab made a
covenant concerning Baha'o'llah and
gave the glad tidings of his coming, the
One promised by His Holiness The Bab.
Baha'o'llah made a covenant concerning
a promised One Who will become manifest
after one thousand, or thousands of years.
He likewise, with his Supreme Pen, en-
tered into a great Covenant and Testa-
ment With all the Bahais whereby they
were all commanded to follow the Center
of the Covenant after his (Baha'o'llah's)
departure, and turn not away, even to
a hair's from obeying him.
In the Book of Akdas, he (Baha'o'
llah) l1as given positive commands in two
clear instances, and has explicitly ap-
pointed the interpreter of "The Book."
Also in all the divine tablets, especially
in the "Chapter of The Branch," all
means the Servitude of Abdul-Baha, all
that Was needed to explain the Center of
the Covenant and the Interpreter of the
Book has been revealed from the Su-
preme Pen. Now as Abdul-Baha is the
interpreter of The Book he says that the
"Chapter of the Branch" means Abdul-
Baha, that. is, the Servitude of Abdul-
Baha, and none other.
In short, one of the specific teachings
of this cycle of His Holiness Baha'o'llah
which has not been manifest during the
former cycles, is that His Holiness Bah a-
'o'llah left. no opportunity for a differ-
ence (division). For in his blessed Day
he made a Covenant and Testament with
the traces of the Supreme Pen and ex-
plained the One to whom all should
turn: and he explicitly pointed to the
Interpreter of the Book, and thus closed
all doors to interpretations. must all
oifer thanks to God, for he gave us rest
(peace) in this blessed cycle, and left no
occasion for anyone to hesitate (doubt).
All must therefore obey and be submis-
sive, a.nd Wholly turn themselves to the
One appointed by him, i. the Center
of the Covenant.
But all explanations must alone be
limited to What has been stated. Do you
by no means exceed it; so that it may be
conducive to harmony, and remove dif-
ferences.
('Words of Abdul-Baha: A Tablet re-
vealed by Abdul-Baha for Charles Mason
Bemey about 1912.)
Today, the most important affair is
firmness in the Covenant, because firm-
ness in the Covenant Wards off differ-
ences.
In former cycles no distinct covenant
was made in writing by the Supreme
Pen; no distinct personage was appoint-
ed to be the standard of differentiating
falsehood from truth, so that whatsoever
he said was to stand as truth and that
which he repudiated was to be known as
falsehood. At most, His Holiness Jesus
Christ gave only an intimation, a sym-
bol, and that was but an indication of
the solidity of Peter's faith. "When he
mentioned his faith, His Holiness said,
"Thou art means rock-
"and upon this rock will I build my
church." This was a sanction of Peter's
faith; it was not indicative of his (Peter)
being the expounder of the Book, but
was a confirmation of Peter's faith.
But in this dispensation of the Blessed
Beauty (Baha'o'llah) among its distinc-
tions is that he did not leave people in
perplexity. He entered into a Covenant
and Testament with the people. He ap-
pointed a Center of the Covenant. He
wrote with his own pen and revealed it
in the Kiitab-el-Akdas, the Book of Laws,
and the Book of the Cov-
enant, appo-inting him (Abdul-Baha}
the Expounder of the Book. You must
ask him (Abdul-Baha) regarding the
meanings of the texts of the verses.
Whatsoever he says is correct. Outside
of this, in numerous Tablets he (Baha-
'0'llah) has explicitly recorded it, with
clear, sufficient, valid and forceful state-
ments. In the Tablet of The B-ranch he
explicitly states "Whatsoever The Branch
says is right, or correct and every per-
son must obey The Branch with his life,
with his heart, with his tongue. With-
out his Will, not a Word shall anyone

