STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, S15 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, 111., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post ofiice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of Match 3, 1379.
Edilorial R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
WW Honorary Member--M1RzA  i 
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U. S.A.
i To personal checks please add sufficient to cover the bank exchange.
7 Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, I1l., U.S.A. 
A TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAI-IA.
thou Star of the West! HE rs cool
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant. in the
future th subscribe will beeom ho afte vol will increas
0 um e,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Anus.
Is -- 
Vol. Kalamat 1, 73 (Jay 13, 1917) N0. 7
"Baha'o'llah has proclaimed the promise of the
Oneness of Humanity"
Address by Abdul-Baha at Green Acre, Maine, August 17, 1912
A-R-E you all Well and happy? This
is a delightful spot; the scenery is
beautiful and an atmosphere of spirit-
uality haloes I11 the fu-
ture, God Willing, Green Acre shall be-
come a. great center, the cause of the
unity of the world of humanity, the
cause of uniting hearts, the cause of
binding together the East and the West.
This is my hope.
Tonight I Wish to speak upon the
Oneness of the \Vorld of Humanity.
This is one of the important subjects
of the present period. If the oneness of
the human World were effected all the
differences which separate mankind
would be eradicated. All strife and
Warfare would cease and the World of
humanity would find repose. Universal
peace would be promoted and the East
and "West Would be conjoined in a
strong bond. All men Would be shel-
tered beneath one tabernacle. All na-
tivities would b-ecome one, all races and
religions be unified. The people of the
World would live together in peace and
their Well-being would be assured.
From the beginning of human history
down to the present time the various
religio-ns of the World have anathema-
tized and accused one another of falsity.
Each religion has considered the others
bereft of the face of God, rejected of
God and in the direct line of divine
Wrath. Therefore they have shunned
one another most rigidly, exercising mu-
tual animosity and rancor. Consider
the record of religious Warfare,--the
battles between nations, the bloodshed
and destruction in the name of religion.
One of the greatest religious Wars, the
Crusades, extended over a period of two
hundred years. In this succession of
great campaigns the l/Ves-tern Crusaders
were constantly invading the Orient
bent upon recovering the Holy City
from t'he hands of the Islamic people.
Army after army raised in Europe
poured its fana.tical legions into the
East. The kings of European nations
personally led these Crusades, killing
and shedding the blood of the orientals.
During this period of two hundred
years the East and \Vest Were in at state
of violence and commotion. Sometimes
the Crusaders were 
pillaging and taking captive the Moham-
medan people; sometimes the l\'Iussul-

