STAR OF THE WEST 135
to him, "What is your mes-sage?" He
replied, I said, "Yes
but What beside that?" He repeated,
"Love, that is all, that is the only mes-
sage." 
But the word love is not a message;
the Word love indicates an infinite thing
and how shall We bring an infinite thing
into relatio-n with humanity which is
finite'?
There are in reality many kinds of
love, and each in itself is infinite and
finite. There is the love of country, or
the patriotic love, there is: the family
love, there is the love of friendship, the
love of man and Woman--each one is
finite and limited. There is only one
love which is unlimited and divine, and
that is the love which comes with the
breath of the Holy Spirit--the love of
God--Which breaks all barriers and
sweeps all before it.
Animals are completely subject to
na.ture, they are its slaves. They live
and die in the places in which they are
born, they are the victims of storm and
flood, they are hemmed in by desert,
forest, by the great rivers and the sea.
But man has conquered nature and is
free. He is no longer the slave of the
physical World, he dominates it and is
free. He compels the physical World to
do his Will. He crosses Wide spaces,
sails over the ocean, and is beginning
to fly through the air. He is in all things
a freed being, and can give his com-
mands to that nature in the midst of
which he Was born.
So man, who is freed from material
things and dominates nature, should
learn to render his love also unlimited
and divine. He should open his soul to
the breeze of God that it may blow
through him and break down all bar-
riers. 
So, if you love, endeavor to love di-
vinely. If you love your country, love
it not with the narrow feeling that it
mus=t be loved because it is yours alone,
but With the greater consciousness that
your home is a part of the universe. If
you love brother or comrade or Wife,
love each one as a part of God, and not
the narrow sense of possession which
renders the love selfish and exclusive.
Then the breeze of God blowing con-
stantly through your love will purify it
and make it divine so that the breath of
the Holy Spirit will enter into your be-
ing and unite you to God.
But do not seek the honors and loves
of this World, seek rather God and His
love, and then the honors and loves which
belong to Him will be yours. All the
glory of the heavens is His, all the
beauty of the flowers, the scent of the
roses and the colors of the sunset. But
more than this the beauty of the soul is
His, so that When you look long upon
His beauty, it takes many forms and
re-app-ears in your consciousness in many
figures. But all other beauty fades and
disappears, all other honor but His be-
comes insignificant, all other love but His
is undesirable.
(Abdul-Baha: Star of the li"cst; VolThe object of the dawn of
the Morn of Guidance and the effulgence
of the Sun of Reality have been no other
than the inculcation of the utmost love
among the children of men and per-
fect good-fellowship between the indi-
viduals of mankind. Therefore, in the
beginning the foundation of this love
and unity must be laid among the be-
lievers of God, and then permeate
through the nations of the World. There-
fore as much as you can be ye kind to-
Wards one another, and likewise to others.
The first melody of the Kingdom is the
song of the love of God, and the love of
God is realized in the universal love of
all humanity. . . . .
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab, August 20, 1914:.)
ii
The World is black; the divine be-
stowal is radiant. This blackness must

