STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEVVS SERVICE, S15 South Dear-born Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post office at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879.
Edilorial R. GERTRUDE BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Wt; Honorary Member--MlRZA AHMAPV Somz an
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAI-IAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, I11., U. S.A.
i To personal checks please add suflicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEYVS SERVICE, P. Oi Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! rm rs cool
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmm'-N.
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Assns.
rm '11' I
vol. Nu; 1,7; (June s, 1917)  N0. 5
The Promotion of the Teachings of God in Japan
Budget from Agnes B. Alexander, containing
Tablets from Abdul-Baha
12 Ichibaneho, Kojimachi,
Tokyo, Japan, Feb. 9, 1917.
To the STAR or THE Wnsr.
Beloved friends the evening of
the 7th, great joy came to this home and
I hasten to tell you of it that you may
all rejoice with us. A Wonderful spirit
had uplifted me all that day; I felt
that when I returned home in the eve-
ning I would find a message from Abdul-
Baha. I looked for the mail the first
"thing on returning home and there it
was enclosed in a letter from our brother,
Mr. Hannen of letter
for Fukuta San from Mirza. Ahmad
Sohrab and one for me, embodying
in the-in Tablets from our beloved Abdul-
Baha. I cannot tell you of the wonder-
ful peace and jo-y that has overflowed in
my heart ev"-er since. This is the first
time since receiving Word from Abdul-
Baha to come to apan that any message
from him has reached here and Fukuta
San is blessed by being the first apanesc
in his own land to receive Words "from
that pen Whose greatness, glory and
splendor will shine down the ages, long
after We have passed away from this
earth and the traces of our service in
His mighty Cause have appeared in
dazzling clearness." These Wonderful
Words were wri'tte.n by a sister many
years ago.
A1: this time the Cause is certainly
spreading with great bounds in this land,
Our brother, Mr. Kenzo Torikai, who is
visiting his native home after an absence
of twelve years, has been awake giving
the Message where-ver he go-es-. During
the past Week several Tokyo papers have
had articles in reference to the Bahai
Movement some of them giving my name
and address which has brought many
inquiries and many letters. Most of
these are in Japanese, so that part of
the work falls to Fukuta San and many
co-me or send for the Japanese Bahai
book which We keep here. The transla-
tion of one letter from a- young girl in
the north of Japan has touched me very
much. One of the young students wrote
(Continued on page S4)

