STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
falth and all men as brothers that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened,
that dwe_rs1ty oi religion shall cease and di_fferences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes;
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and tne 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. l\/Iasheyat l, 73 (September Z7, 1917) No. ll
The Divine Art of Living
A COMPILATION BY MRS. MARY M. RABB
(Chapter I appeared in issue N0. 16, Chapter II in No. 18, Vol. Chapter appeared in issue
No. 2, Chapter IV in No. 4, Chapter in N0. 6, Chapter VI in No S, and
first portion of Chapter VII in No. 10, Vol. 
CHAPTER 
I Love
WIIEN a. man turns his face to God
he finds sunshine everywhere. All
men are his brothers. Let not convention-
ality cause you to seem co-ld and unsym-
pathetic when you meet strange people
from other countries. Do not look at
them as though you suspected them of
being evil-doers, thieves and boors, or
that you think it necessary to be very
careful, not to expose yourself to the risk
of making acquaintance with such, possi-
bly, undesirable people.
I ask you not to think only of your-
selves. Be kind to the strangers, Whether
they come from Turkey, Japan, Persia,
Russia, China or any other country in
the World.
Help to make them feel at home; find
out Where they are staying,. ask if you
may render them any service; try to
make their lives a little happier.
I11 this Way, even if, sometimes, What
you first suspected should be true, still
go out of your way to be kind to 
this kindness will help them to become
better.
After all, why should any foreign
people be treated as strangerscontent with showing friend-
ship in Words alone, let your heart burn
With loving-kindness for all Who may
cross: your path.
you of the Western nations! Be
kind to those who come from t'he eastern
World to sojourn among you. Forget
your conventionality when you speak
with them; they are not accustomed to
it. To eastern people this demeanor
seems cold, unfriendly. Rather let your
manner be sympatlletic. Let it be seen
that you are filled with universal love.
lVhen you meet a Persian or any other
stranger, speak to him as to a friend;
if he seems to be lonely try to help him,
give him of your willing service; if he
be sad console him, if poor succor him,
if oppressed rescue him, if in misery
comfort him. In so doing you will mani-
fest that not i11 Words only, but in deed
and in truth, you think of all men as
your brothers.
(Talia-s by Abdul-Bella given in Par-is;
no 1-3-)
. . . All the infinite beings exist by
this law of mutual action and helpful-
ness. Should this law of joint inter-
change of forces be removed from the
arena of life, existence would be entirely
destroyed.
Vi/Then We ponder deeply on the con-
nection and interdependence of beings
We clearly realize that the life of every
being draws benefit and sustenance from
all the other innumerable cxistences.
This-inutual helpfulness is realized either
directly or through mediation and if,
for the twinkling of an eye, this con-
firmation and assistance does not de-
scend upon the living being, that one

