STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A 
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., S. A.
lintered as second-class matter April 9, l91l,_at the post oflice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879
Editorial ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE BUIK.EMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary AHMAD Sormsn
Terms: '$1.50 per year; 107 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. St A.
To personal checks please add suflicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! nn IS con!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of>> America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form_ is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become wor1d?wide--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness', firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Annss,
Vol. Ola 1, 73 (March 2, 1913) i No. 19
If thy daily living become difficult,
soon thy Lord will bestow upon thee that
which shall satisfy thee. Be patient in
the time of affliction and trial, endure
every difficulty and hardship with a di-
lated heart, attracted spirit and eloquent
tongue in remembrance of the Merciful.
Verily, this is the life of satisfaction, of
spiritual existence, heavenly repose, di-
vine benediction and of the celestial
table. Soon thy Lord Will extenuate thy
straightened circumstances even in this
world.
(Tablets of Abdul-Baha; p. 98.)
Thou hast manifested joy at the free-
dom of Abdul-B-aha. This happiness
came from thy great love. There is no
doubt that the friends have become joy-
ful on account of the lib-e-ration of Abdul-
Baha. But I was thankful for this prison
in the path of God and the lack of lib-
erty was very pleasing to me, for those
days were passed in the path of the love
of God with the utmost difficulty and
trials, bearing fruits and results. Unless
one accept suffering, undergo trials and
endure vicissitudes he will reap no re-
ward nor will he attain success and pros-
perity. Therefore, thou must likewise en-
dure great tests so that the infinite di-
vine outpourings may encircle thee and
that thou mayest be assisted in spread-
ing the fragrances of God. Behold the
apostles of I-Iis Highness, Christ! They
accepted all trials and persecutions and
received all kinds of oppression and
trouble until they became assisted by
great bestowals and confirmed in the
guidance of the people.
(Abdul-Baha: From a Tablet.)
My happiness was complete in those
dark days of imprisonment and vicissi-
tude. I was happier than now, because
I had no will of my own. I was per-
fectly resigncd. The life of this World
is only a few days. Vlfhether happy or
unhappy, in freedom or in bonds, healthy
or ill, in comfort or in 
will pass away. The one who is es-
tablished on the throne and the one sit-
ting on the mat--b0th will cease to exist
here.
(Abdul-Baha: From Diary of Mirza
Sohrab, April 1, 1914.)
It is difficult for the Weak ones to
endure the tests but for souls like you,
it is very easy. It is my hope that dur-
ing the time of tests thou mayest remain
in the utmost firmness and steadfastness,
so that like unto a lamp thou mayest
be protected Within the glass, and be
not extinguished by the blowing of
winds.
(Abdul-Baha: From Tablet to an Amer-
ican believer; translated August 4, 1911.)

