STAR OF THE WEST 31
In what cycle have such things taken
place'! In which one of the sacre-d
books do you find such prophecies of
the future? Turn to the holy books
of the past and study them and see if
you can find such explicit statements!
And now let us co-mpare the teachings
of with the holy teachings
which have descended in the- past.
First among the great teachings of
Baha'o'llah is that of the
Investigation of Reality;
The meaning is that every individual
member of humanity is exhorted to- set
aside superstitions, traditions and the
blind imitation of ancestors and fore-
fathers and investigate, for himself,
reality. Inasmuch as the reality is one,
through the investigation of reality all
the religions and nations of the world
will become one.
In which one of the sacred books of
the past do you find the announcement
of this principle'!
The second great principle of the
teachings of Baha'o 'l1ah is that respect-
ing the
Oneness of the world of humanity.
Baha'o'1lah addresses all mankind, say-
Zing':
"You are all the leaves of one tree;
there are no race differences or distinc-
tions. Nay, rather, all of you are the
servants of God and all of you are sub-
merged in the ocean of his oneness. Not
'a single soul is-bereft. On the contrary,
all humanity is the recipient of the
bounties of God. Every human creature
has a portion of his be-stowals and a
sha.re of the eifulgence of his reality.
God is kind to all; all mankind are his
sheep and he is their real Shepherd."
In What Scriptures do you find such
a statement? Where else is there such
unive-rsality? Where else such breadth"?
Where else this unequivocal statement of
the solidarity of mankind? In what
sacred record can you show such a teach-
ing? As regards any possible distinc-
tions the utmost that Baha'o'llah says
is that conditions among men vary ;d that
some, for instance, are defective. There-
fore such souls must be educated in
order that they may be brought to the
level of perfection. Or, some are sick;
they must b-e treated and cared for until
they are healed. Or, so-me are asleep;
they should be awakened. Some are but
children; they should be helped to at-
tain maturity. But all must be loved.
The child must not be disliked simply
because it is a child.) 'Nay, rather, it
should be educated. The sick man must
not be avoided or slighted merely be-
cause. he is sick. Nay, rather, he must
be loved and treated until he is healed.
Nor must the soul that is asleep be
treated contemptuously. Nay, rather, he
must be awakened.
Next, Baha'o'llah teaches that:
Religion must be in conformity with
reason and science.
If it is not then it is not religion at all
and is not Worthy of credence.
VVhere do you find any such statement
as this in any of the sacred books?
Another fundamental teaching of Ba-
ha'o '1lah is that
Religion must be the cause of unity and
good fellowship.
If it is productive of enmity, hatred and
rancor then it is better to- abandon it
and be Without any religion at all.
In which one of the sacred books do
you find such a statement?
Again, Ba11a'o'llah declares that:
Prejudice in all its forms . . . . must
he abolished.
and that until these prejudices are en-
tirely removed the world of humanity
will no-t and cannot attain peace, pros-
perity and composure.
In which one of the sacred volumes do
you find the annunciation of such a prin-
ciple?
(Continued on page 39)

