92 STAR OF THE WEST
lessness. It is founded on the stupen-
dous faith and love, in the midst of a
world of hatred, of three of the most
remarkable characters of all time--the
Bab, Baha'o'llah, Abdul-Baha.
Here are the bare historical facts: On
the 23d of May, 1844, a young Persian
merchant proclaimed the coming of a
great world teacher. Himself he called
the Bab, the Arabic for door or gate--
the herald of the great one. Immedi-
ately he set to wo-rk to prepare Persia
spiritually for his recognition. But a
skeptical Mohammeda.n world scoffed at
the declaration of the young Persian
merchant, persecuted him, imprisoned
him and finally, in 185.0, martyred him
for his faith.
From the same country, in 1852, arose
Baha'o'llah, who gathered the follow-
ers of the Bab together, who proclaimed
not the coming of a. world teacher, but
universal principles for the guidance of
the World, and the elevation of mankind
into lofty realms of spiritual and relig-
ious thought.
In the middle of the last century the
world had not yet been united by any
of the means o-f intercommunication
with which today we are so familiar.
Nations and races and religions were
separated by what seemed insurmount-
able barriers. And yet here, in the dark-
ness of a dark Mohammedan land, was
a man who ta.ught the oneness of the
world of humanity, the oneness of re-
ligion, the harmony of religion and sci-
ence, universal peace, universal educa-
tion, t'he equality of men and W0-men.
He urged the creation of a universal
language, the independent investigation
of truth. He taught that prejudice of
all kinds must be forgotten, racial antip-
athy, religious antagonism.
And, strange -as it may seem to us of
the twentieth. century, he declared the
incumbency of establishing a universal
tribunal for the arbitration of interna-
tional differences.
He seemed, Baha'o'llah, to possess a
vision so universal and penetrating as
to embrace within its range the whole
world, and centuries and ages and cycles
of time.
Men say of him now that he was far
ahead of his time. The world has just
begun to think in universal terms, to
talk of the universal principles which
he proclaimed almost seventy years ago.
And for this priority of vision, for
the declaration of his great principles
for the conduct of the world, Baha'o'llah
with his followers wa.s persecuted and
banished, first to Bagdad, then to Con-
stantino-ple, then to Adrianople, and in
the summer of' 1868, with seventy of his
followers, to the penal colony of Acca,
in Syria, on the Mediterranean coast.
The imprisonment in Acca is known
as the "most great imprisonment," so
prolonged it Was and so terrible.
For twenty-four years here he was
confined. And during all this time, as
from the first day of his proclamation
to the world, he gave continuous utter-
ance to what we know today as the Ba-
hai Revelation--religious, scientific, eth-
ical, economic treatises; text books for
the conduct of individuals and the guid-
ance of nations, for spiritual illumina-
tion--in itself a complete cyclopaedia of
knowledge.
From the prison of Ac-ca, before the
Franco-Prussian war, Baha'o'llah sent
epistles to the crowned heads of Europe
and to the President of the United
States, calling them to universal peace
and brotherhood.
That they did not heed the call, we
have conclusive evidence today, when
the desirability of universal peace was
never so urgent, so overwhelming.
On the 28th day of May, 1892, after
forty years of exile and imprisonment,
Baha'o'llah passed away, an exile still
and a message given, his
work done.
A marvelous record of endurance and
faith, unparalleled in history, save by
the endurance and faith of Abdul-Baha,
the central figure today of the Bahai
Movement.
By the death of Baha'o'llah, through
his last will and testament, Abdul-Baha

