Z30 STAR OF
the power o-f the spirit of man; the
power of the intellect, the power of the
memory, the power of reflection will then
be greater.
(Abdul-Baha: Table Talks at Aeca;
p. 5.)

I hope thou wilt become as a rising
light and obtain spiritual health; and
spiritual health is conducive to- physical
health.
(Tablets of Abdul-Balm; p. 305.)
Disease is of two kinds, material and
spiritual. For instance, a cut on the
hand--if you pray for the cut to b-e
healed, and do not stop its bleeding, you
will not do much good; this needs a ma-
terial remedy.
Sometimes, if the nervous system is
paralyzed through fear, a spiritual rem-
edy is necessary. Madness, incurable
otherwise, can be cured through prayer.
. . . It often happens that sorrow
makes one ill. That illness can be cured
by spiritual means.
(Abdul-Baha: Star of the West; Vol. 2,
No. 19, p. 7.)
seeker for the truth! There are two
ways of healing sickness, material means
and spiritual means. The first Way is
through the use of medical remedies.
The second consists in praying to God
and in turning to him. Both means
should be used and practiced. Illness
caused by physical accident should be
treated with medical remedies. Those
which are due to spiritual causes dis-
appear through spiritual means. Thus
an illness caused by aifliction, fear,
nervous impressions, will be healed by
spiritual rather than by physical treat-
ment. Hence, both kinds of remedies
should be considered. Moreover, they
are not contradictory and you should ac-
cept the physical remedies as coming
from the mercy and favor of God who
has revealed and made manifest medical
THE WEST
knowledge so that his servants may
profit by this kind of treatment also.
You should give equal attention to spir-
itual treatments for they produce mar-
velous eifects. Now, if you wish to
know the divine remedy which will heal
man from all sickness and will give him
the health of the divine Kingdom know
that it is the precepts and teachings of
God. Guard them sacredly.
(Tablets of Abdul-Baha, p. 587.)
maid-servant of God! The praye-rs
which were written for the purpose of
healing are both for the spiritual and
material healing. Therefore chant them
for the spiritual and material healing. If
healing is best for the patient surely it
will be granted. For some who are sick,
healing for them would only b-e the cause
of other ills. Thus it is that wisdom does
not decree the answer to some prayers.
maid-servant of God! The power of
the Holy Spirit heals b-oth material and
spiritual ills.
(Abdul-Baha: D'a/ily Lessons; p. 95.)

It is not the body which feels pain or
trouble, but the so-ul. If we have a pain
in our arm the defect is in the body yet
it is the soul which feels the pain and is
troubled, not the body, though the body is
the cause of that trouble.
(Abdul-Baha.)
My spiritual health is always perfect. 
enjoy an eternal health of the spirit. I
hope all of the people of the world will
win this celestial gift. Pray that the spir-
itual health of mankind may be improved
daily, for there are many doctors who at-
tend to the physical ailments of the peo-
ple, but there are very few divine phy-
sicians. It is in this connection that
Christ said: "Do not be afraid of those
people who have control over your body,
but have fear of those who may control
your spirit." Let your spirit be free
so that it may soar toward the heights

