162 STAR OF
When I was a small boy in Teheran,
I remember whenever two of the be-
lievers of God desired to meet each other
they could not do it during the day time,
so a time was set for the evening, be-
tween sunset a.nd midnight. They were
so persecuted that if they met each other
in the bazaar, they would not show any
sign of recognition. The meetings were
held at midnight. One of the believers
acted as a guard and watched the street
so that they might not be seen by any
strangers. The guard looked continually
to the left and right, in order not to
be detected by the night police. At that
time, all the inhabitants of Persia
thought that the fire of the cause was
entirely extinguished, that all traces of
internal growth were effaced. Every
one who was known as a Bahai was
arrested, thrown into prison, and then
killed and their possessions pillaged and
their houses destroyed. . . .
In reality those were da.ys of self-
sacrifice, days of great tests, days of
matchless heroism, days of spirituality,
days of complete severance, days of at-
traction and enkindlement, days of
divine bliss and beatitude. The material
conditions were made subservient to the
spiritual laws. The believers were filled
with the Spirit. Although they walked
on the surface of the earth, yet they
were living in the Supreme Concourse.
It is impossible to find souls more at-
tracted, more severed, more self-sacri-
ficing than they were!
"Then Baha 'o 'l1ah was thrown into the
dungeon, there were many other believ-
ers arrested and imprisoned at the same
time. They were a.rranged in two
rows, one opposite the other. Their feet
were shackled, their hands manacled,
their necks chained. The prison being
an underground room, it was so pitch
dark that they could not see- each other 's
face. The Blessed Perfection was in the
right row and in order to keep up their
spirits, he taugh them two verses, each
line to be chanted in turn by the two
rows during the evenings. Their loud,
THE VVEST
clear voices, singing in unison, pierced
through the impenetrable darkness of the
jail and ascended to the very throne of
the Almighty. The first row would sing:
"He is my Guardian and the Guardian
of all creatures!" and the opposite row
would cry out: "Suflicient unto us is
God, and to this we bear witness!"
There was such exultation and serene
happiness in the awful darkness of the
jail that it was illumined with the Light
of the Kingdom of Abha. . . .
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Sohrab,
June 22, 1914.)
In every dispensation a number of
sanctified souls have become manifest
who were self-sacrificing, severed from
all else save God, forbearing sufferings
and tribulations, accepting hardships
and persecutions, welcoming tortures
a11d death for the sake of truth. But in
none of the past dispensations have
there been such heroic and sublime in-
stances of devotion and as
in this Bahai Cause! At the time when
all the inhabitants of Teheran had arisen
against this Cause and the Blessed Per-
fection (Baha'o'llah) was arrested and
thrown into prison, I was a very young
child. The jail wherein Bal1a'o']lah
was imprisoned was a dark and gloomy
cell underground, and had no aperture,
no window save a small do-or. When the
door was unlocked one had to descend
many rickety steps before reaching the
gloomy, stuffy ground floor. The name
of the jailer was Aga Bozork, and he
was an inhabitant of the city of Gazwin.
As in the past he had received many
favors, bounties and kindnesses from the
beloved hands of Baha'o'llah, he came
one day to our house and took me with
him to see my father. Descending half
the stairs of the cell, I peered through
the darkness to try and see someone.
Everything was pitch darkness. Sud-
denly I heard the wonderful, resonant
voice of the Blessed Perfection: "Take
this child away! Do not let him come
in!" Obeying the words of Baha'o'llah,

