142 STAR OF
purely for the sake of God is ended in
hatred. Amity which is not for the sake
of the Lord changeth into enmity. But
the divine friends are the faithful ones;
they a.re the c-onsolation of the heart and
the peace of my spirit. They a.re spirit
embodied, lo-ve personified, sincerity in-
c-arnated, loyal friends and staunch lov-
ers. Therefore they a.re the cause of the
happiness of the heart and soul.
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Ahmad
Sch-rab, July 26, 1913.)
Did you know What I was smiling for?
There was a person inside who called
me. When I entered he said:
"Two years ago I came to you and
stated that you were the chief 0-f all
the infidels. Now I want to tell you that
you are not an arch-infidel."
Then Abdul-Baha laughed and said:
"In either case he has not understood,
he is just revealing the state of his own
consciousness. We must be kind to such
people."
(Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohr-ab, De-
cember 21, 1913.)
Now the believers of God must live
in accord with these divine teachings.
They must become kind fathers to the
children of humanity, affectionate broth-
ers t'o the youths of mankind and soul-
sacrificing children to-Ward those laden
with age. The aim is this: you must
be in the utmost state of joy and fra-
grance, love and kindness toward all,
even toward the enemies. Meet the per-
secutions and adversity with the utmost
faithfulness. Whenever animosity ap-
pears deal with it with forbearance.
Make your breasts the targets for the
arrows and spears of opposition. Brave
the ridicule, the blame and the rebuke
with perfect love so that all the nations
may observe the power of the Most Great
Name, and all the people may acknowl-
edge the potency of the Blessed Perfec-
tion, showing how he hath destroyed the
THE WEST
foundation of strangeness, hath guided
the inhabitants of the world to unity and
love, hath illumined the realm of man
and hath transformed this terrestial
globe into the delectable paradise. These
people are like children, negligent and
mindless. One must train these children
with the utmost love and ca.rry them in
the arms of grace With infinite tender-
ness, in order that they may taste the
spiritual love- of the Merciful One, that
they may shine like the candles and cause
the disappearance of the darkness of the
world. Thus they may behold clearly
and manifestly with what glorious crown
and brilliant diadem. the Most Great
Name, the Blessed my
life be a sacrifice to him !--hath adorn ed
the heads of his believers; What graces
he hath poured upon the hearts of his
friends; what love he hath brought into
the world of humanity and What friend-
ship he hath caused to appear among
the children of men.
(Abdul-Baha: From a Tablet in Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, July 26, 1913.)
thou maid-servant of God, the pene-
tration of the word of man depends upon
the heat of the fire of the love of God.
The more the splendors of the lo-Ve of
God become manifest in the heart the
greater will be the penetration of the
Word.
(Abdul-Baha.)
Thy letter was received. . . . From
its words I heard a sweet melody and
that melody was the psalm of the love
of God. Although in the World of exist-
ence the outpourings of the Almighty are
infinite, yet the greatest divine outpour-
ing is the love of God. This is the domi-
nant, transcendental power which rises
above all the natural susceptibilities of
the world of humanity. Man, like the
animal, is captive of the world of na-
ture and the laws of nature exercise
full control over his nature. He can-
not even be compared to the beasts of

