72 STAR OF THE WEST
trate no further, and can but bow in
silent awe before the Great First Cause
which remains ever shrouded in inscruta-
ble mystery.
"Flower in the crannied wall,
I pluck you out of the crannies.
I hold you here, root and all in my hand,
Little flower; but if I could understand
What you are, root and all, and all in all,
I should know what God and man is."
(Tennyson)
If the flower in the crannied wall, if
even a single atom of matter, presents
mysteries which the most profound in-
tellect cannot solve-, how is it possible
for man to comprehend the 
How dare he pretend to define or de-
s-crib-e the Infinite Cause of all things"?
All theo-logical speculations about the
nature of Go~d's Essence are thus swept
aside as foolish and futile.
KNOWLEDGE OF GOD
But if the Essence is unknowable, the
manifestations of its bounty are every-
where apparent. If the First Cause
cannot be conceived, its effects appeal
to our every faculty. A cat cannot com-
prehend the sun or fathom the mysteries
of its daily appearance and disappear-
ance, its composition, or its career
through celestial space, but she can bask
in its beams and appreciate their
warmth. Her eyes are a miracle of or-
ganization which enable her to guide
her movements by means of the sun's
rays reflected from every visible object
in her environment. At every step she
skilfully uses these rays, although she
may never dream that they have any
connection with the sun. There may be
cats who have never seen the sun and
have no idea of its existence, yet at every
moment their lives depend on it, and
they know very well how to take advan-
tage in a thousand ways of the beneficent
efiects of this unknown cause. So it is
with our relation to God. At every mo-
ment We are absolutely dependent on
Him, whether we know it or not. He
has, however, given us the power to know
Him tlirough His works. All things are
from Him, and just as knowledge of a
painter's pictures gives to the connoisseur
a true knowledge of the artist, so knowl-
edge of the universe in any of its as-
pects--kno-wledge o-f nature or of human
nature, of things visible or of things in-
visible--~is knowledge of G0d's handi-
work, and gives to the seeker for Divine
Truth a real knowledge of His glory.
"The heavens declare the glory of God;
and the firmanient showeth His handi-
work. Day unto day uttereth speech
and night unto night showeth knowl-
edge." (Psalm xix 
THE DIVINE MANIFESTATIONS
All things manifest the bounty of God
with greater or less clearness, as all ma-
terial objects exposed to the su11 reflect
its light in greater or less degree. A
heap of soot reflects a little, a. stone re-
flects more, a piece of chalk more still,
but in none of these reflections can we
trace the form and color of the glorious
orb. A perfect mirror however reflects
the sun's very form and color, so that
looking into it is like looking at the sun
itself. So is it with the way in which
things speak t'o us of God. The stone
ca11 tell us something of the divine attri-
butes, the flower can tell us more, the
animal with its marvelous senses, in-
stincts and powers of movement, more
still. In the lowest of our fellow-men
We can trace wonderful faculties which
tell of a wonderful Creator. In the poet,
the saint, the genius, we find a higher
revelation still, b-ut the great prophets
and founders of religions, like Moses,
Christ, Mohammed and Baha'o'1lah are
the perfect mirrors by which the love
and wisdom of God are reflected to the
rest of mankind. Other men 's mirrors
have been dulled by the stains and accre-
tions of selfishness and prejudice, but
these were pure and without blemish--
wholly devoted to the will of God. Thus
they became the greatest educators of
mankind. The divine teachings and the
power of the Holy Spirit proceeding
through them have been and are the

