90 STAR OF THE WEST
ard' in America of the oneness of hu-
manity.
"Its doors will be open to all nations,
races and religions.
"Its charities will be dispensed With-
out regard to race or color. 'Prejudice
toward none--Love for all.'
"Here, for the first time in history,
religion and science will become harmo-
nious, each the handmaid of the other,
both showering their spiritual gifts on
all humanity.
"Until the erection of this; great edi-
fice, all are welcome t'o this beautiful
spot, and in its enjoyment We ask you
to keep it pure and sacred."
Today we are concerned, more than
ever before, with the meaning of this
Bahai Institution; more than ever be-
fore With the meaning of the Bahai
Movement; With its relation to the
World, and to World affairs.
The time is ripe for the Mashrak-el-
Azkar--the symbol of the universal
principles and truth uttered by Bal1a.'o'-
llah--to begin to take impressive and
visible form. It is time for the World
to know that in its midst is a powerful,
universal movement, whose adherents
are found in every country in the world,
who believe in intensive and practical
Christianity; who believe with a magni-
ficent faith in the great principles that
fo-rm the substructure of the Bahai
Movement.
We can no longer be provincial or
isolated or insular. It is the day of the
universal. It is the day of interhuman
consciousness; of the coming together of
all peoples into a universal brotherhood.
And our religion must partake of the
same universal quality. We must be
ready to say, "Brother, I greet you in
the name of your prophet and my
prophet, in the name of our God.' And
So--t'he Bahai Movement.
The site in Wilmette was chosen for
the Mashrak-el-Azkar, because it was the
most beautiful to be found available in
Chicago or its immediate environs. A
symbol of the highest spiritual ideals,
of the noblest religious thought of all
ages, to be expressed in superlative ar-
chitectural beauty, should have a beau-
tiful setting. And the Bahais of Amer-
ica cho-se well, when they purchased the
land in Vllilmette at the juncture of the
drainage canal and Lake Michigan.
The Mashrak-el-Azkar will not be
built in a day, even after the laying of
the corner stone, in 1917, of the central
house of Worship. The building" of the
Temple, Without any of the accessories,
is concentrating the attention of Bahais
today.
The Bahai Temple Will be a. structure
of great beauty and magnificence. Many
designs have already been submitted by
American architects, any one of which
would be celebrated far and wide for
impressiveness of conception. A board
of architects, however, Will complete the
final design for the edifice.
But, Whatever the design accepted, it
will embody various basic principles,
symbolic of the universal tenets of the
Bahai Movement. It will have nine
sides and nine entrances, through which
all the religions of the World may enter
and unite in the Worship of God. "There
they have been separated in the past,
by prejudice and mutual unfriendliness,
here, in the Bahai house of worship Will
they be harmoniously united.
Throughout the structure and the or-
namentation will be expressed this same
dynamic thought of World unity. A
massive dome, suggestive of this same
unity of religions and peoples, will sur-
mount the Temple. Picturesque and
beautiful gardens will surround it. Ba-
hais believe in the externalization, in
the utmost of beauty and joy and hap-
piness, of the great spiritual truth which
they are charged to deliver to the World.
As I have said, the erection of the
Mashrak-el-Azkar is not a matter of a
day 's Work. So tremendous a thought
of religious unity and universal service,
as the Mashrak-el-Azkar embodies, can-
not be hastily or impermanently exter-
nalized.

