STAR OF THE WEST 7
ties indicat'ed by Abdul-Baha. as denoting
the future evolution of the country and
the age.
In 1913 Congress appointed an Indus-
trial Commission to investigate indus-
trial conditions in the states, and best
of all made Frank Walsh its chairman.
There could hardly have been a better
selection, for Frank Walsli is a criminal
lawyer of Wide fame and independent
means, noted for his capacity to draw
the truth from the- most' refractory wit-
ness-, absolutely proof against graft, or
that insidious and menacing respect for
position and Wealth, which .so frequently
prevents the esca.pe of truth from its
prison.
So the Commission went fr01n place to
place, unveiling the abuses of every lo-
cality, and two of the immediate results
of its testimony are the federal laws for
the prevention of Child Labor, and the
lVorkmen's Compensation Act, neither
of them perfect, but both a long step
in the right direction.
Meanwhile every thinking American
now knows that industrial slavery exists
among us, and that it behooves us to re-
move it. The startling enactment of
the Adamson Law is another pregnant
move along the same line. lilhatever
may be the immediate result, great con-
sequences must flow from it, for very
soon no employer in this country will be
able to enforce labor for more than eight
hours a. day, and this is only the begin-
ning of change. The invention of labor-
saving machinery which has been going
on for many years would have had nat-
urally the consequence of shortening the
hours of labor, if the machines had not
been in the hands. of the capitalist class,
who wished to use them only for increas-
ing their own profits, and they must at-
tain their natural aim of increasing the
leisure of the world, so that all may have
time for culture, for thought, to know
God, as Abdul-Baha says.
Abdul-Baha in speaking of the changes
that are coming into our economic life,
said the solution of the struggle between
labor and capital will be found in co-
operation and profit sharing. The work-
ers in any institution will presently be
regarded as partners, and they will re-
ceive their proper share of the profits of
the business. Whetlier in a factory or
a mercantile enterprise the same rule
will be applied.
Abdul-Baha. said in 1912 a.t Dublin,
New I-Iampshire, in discussing economic
questions: "Now I want to tell you
about the law of God. According to the
divine law, no wages should be given
to the employe. Nay, rather indeed they
are partners. in every work. . . . .
"The question of socialization is very
important. It will not be solved by
strikes for wages. All the governments
of the world must be united and organ-
ize an assembly, the members of which
should be elected from the parliaments
a.nd nobles of the nations. These must
plan with utmost wisdom and power. so
that neither the capit'alists suffer from
enormous losses, nor the laborers become
needy. In the utmost moderation they
should make the law, then announce to
the public that the rights of the working
people are to be strongly preserved.
Also t'he rights of the capitalists are to
be protected. \/Vhen such a general law
is adopted, by the will of both sides,
should a. strike occur, all the govern-
ments of the world collectively should
resist it. Otherwise the work will lca.d
to much destruction, especially in
Europe. Terrible things will take place.
One of the several causes of a universal
European war will be this question. For
instance the owners of properties, mines
and factories should share their incomes
with their employes, and give a fairly
certain percentage of their products to
their workingmen, in order that the e1n-
ployes may receive, beside their wages,
some of the general income of the fac-
tory, so that the employe may strive with
his soul in his work."
As organizations for the supreme en-
richment of the few, the trusts, he said,
must go; but the principle of organiza-
(Continued on page 11)

