STAR OF THE 91
The erection of the Temple com-
pleted, the accessory buildings Will then
claim the attention of Bahais. These
buildings Will harmonize architecturally
with the house of Worship. And, in the
years to come, when the last stone of
the last building shall be laid, nowhere
in the World Will be found a group of
buildings so beautiful, so imposing, so
full of inspiration for humanity, as the
first Mashrak-el-Azkar of America.
Not only will the Mashrak-el-Azkar
usher in a new spiritual day for man;
it Will usher in a new architectural day,
a new scientific day, a new day of uni-
versal human service.
Again and again I have been asked
the purpose o-f so many buildings. I
have been asked if this is a colonization
scheme, if Bahais mean to establish a
community life at the southern extrem-
ity of \Vilmette. To- the last question
I have replied emphatically, 'No The
world is the home of Bahais. They can
never be nucleated or secluded. In the
Temple of Vilorship they will find spir-
itual refreshment, Which they Will carry
out with them into the World and ex-
press in Work and selfless service.
The accessory buildings will be de-
voted to the study and propagation of
the highest scientific truths. Here will
be taught that basic principle of the
Bahai Revelation, that religion and sci-
ence must h.armonize. Art, music will
find here, in the Mashrak-el-Azkar, their
most perfect expression. Philanthropic
service to the world, to the poor, to the
unfortunate will proceed from the
Mashrak-el-Azkar through its various ac-
cessories.
Bahais believe that the time will come,
Whether in our generation or not, when
the Kingdom of God will be actually es-
tablished on earth, when right living
and a complete understanding of spir-
itual and scientific law by a unified hu-
manity Will preclude the possibility of
any poor o-r unfortunate. Sociologic, in-
dustrial conditions Will be regulated
with justice to all mankind. There will
be no more oppression, no more exploita-
tion of the Weak for the aggrandizement
of the strong.
Surely, When such beatific conditions
prevail among us, the Kingdom of God
shall have been established. And "the
founding of this is to
be in the inception of the organization
of the Kingdom" (Abdul-Baha).
This is the faith not only of the Ba-
hais of America, but it is the faith of
millions of Bahais throughout the World.
A great institution for the spiritual,
religious, scientific education of human-
expression of a universal move-
ment for the realization among men of
brotherhood, of the unification of re-
ligions, must be the exalted conception
of a master spiritual genius, a master
seer.
And, as such, Baha-'o'llah is recog-
nized today by scholars, by those that
sit in high places-, by the poor and the
lowly. His genius makes a universal
appeal to humanity. And to his genius
the World is indebted for the Mashrak-
el-Azkar.
The story has often been told of his
heroic life, of his sufferings, of his ban-
ishment and imprisonment for the utter-
ance o-f the great truths that were his
by virtue of his spiritual genius. And
We of the immediate day remember Well
the visit to America, in 1912-, of his dis-
tinguished eldest so11, Abdul-Baha, after
his release from the prison of Acca by
the establishment of the Turkish Con-
stitution and the declaration of the Com-
mittee of Union and Progress.
It is a story that never pa.lls, for his-
tory records no such life of supreme
heroism as that manifested by Baha'o'-
llah and his followers.
No superficial, insignificant movement
is it that Will make its first momentous
expression, in the Western hemisphere,
through the Mashrak-el-Azkar of VVil-
mette. It is founded on the blood of
thirty thousand It is founded
on lives of complete sacrifice and self-

