-STAR OF THE VVEST 75
HEAVEN AND HELL
The Bahais regard the descriptions of
heaven and hell given in some of the
older religious writings as symbolic, like
the Biblical story of the Creation, and
not literally true. According to them,
heaven is the state- of perfection and hell
that of imperfection, heaven is harmony
with God's will and with one 's fellows,
and hell is the Want of such harmony,
heaven is the condition of spiritual life,
and hell that of spiritual death. A man
may be either in heaven or in hell while
still in the body. The joys of heaven are
spiritual joys, and the pains of hell con-
sist in the deprivation of these joys.
There is no worse hell in the after-death
life than the hell in which many of the
people around us are living. Those who
have not been "born again," whose spir-
itual life has not awakened, are dead
while they live, and although their souls
continue to exist after the death of the
body, their condition compared With that
of those who rejoice in the love of God
is as death. Even for those Who have
died in ignorance and sin, however, there
is still hope, because the bounty of God
is infinite. For these also we should
pray, for our prayers can bear them help
from the Source of all help.
The Bahais believe in progress in the
after-life as- well as in the present. The
divine worlds a.re infinite, and the pos-
sibilities of progress in knowledge, love
and good-will are without limit. This
progress depends on God's infinite
bounty, and that bounty is available for
all who seek it. The only condition is
that we must seek it. "Love Me that I
may love thee, for if thou lovest Me not,
My love can never rea.ch thee." As
long as we are content with the animal
and material side of life and prefer self
to God, so long are we spiritually dead.
It is only when we turn to God and say
with all our hearts, "Not my will but
Thine be done," that we become spirit-
ually alive and enter the heaven of the
blessed.
WVith such a view as this, surely no
true lover of science could quarrel. F.
NV. H. Myers says in the work previously
quoted which summarizes much of the
work of the Research Society:
"By discovery and by revelation cer-
tain theses have been provisionally es-
tablished with regard to such departed
souls as we have been able to encounter.
First and chiefly I at least see ground to
believe that their state is one of endless
evolution in wisdom and in love. Their
loves of earth persist, and most of all
those highest loves which find their out-
let in adoration and worship. . . . .
Evil to them seems less a terrible than
a slavish thing. It is embodied in no
mighty potentate; rather it forms an
isolating madness from which higher
spirits strive to free the distorted soul.
There needs no chastisement of fire; self-
knowledge is man's punishment' and his
reward; self-knowledge and the nearness
or the aloofness of companion souls. For
in that world love is actually self-pres
ervation; the communion of saints not
only adorns but constitutes the life
everlasting. Nay, from the laws of telep-
athy it follows that that communion is
valid to us here and now. Even now
the love of souls departed makes answer
to our invocations. Even now our lov-
ing memory--love is itself a prayer--
supports and strengthens those delivered
spirits upon their upward way."
THE NATURE OF EVIL
According to the Baha.i philosophy it
follows from the doctrine of the unity of
God that there can be no such thing as
positive evil. There can only be One
Infinite. If there were any other power
in the universe outside of or opposed
to the One, then the One would not be
Infinite. In the realm of created things
however, there is variety--variety of
light and shade, of color, of consistence,
of taste, of smell. Among human beings
there is variety of physical strength, of
health, of intelligence, of courage, of
every possible faculty and attribute.
(Continued on page 83)

