STAR OF THE WEST 101
The Holy Spirit is tl1e only power
Which will ultimately unite and harmon-
ize the races and nations of the world.
The Cause of God is the only panacea
which will heal for all time to come the
social, economic and political diseases of
mankind. The revelation of Baha'o'llah
is the tree which will send its out-
stretched 'branches to all the countries
and under its cool shade all the religious
sects will gather there to fraternize and
associate with one another. The world is
full of ideas but they are either fleeting
or profitless or impractical or limited in
their influence or confined within a nar-
row scope. The beaming shafts of the
light of cosmic ideals must pierce
through the hearts of men and the pow-
er of the Holy Spirit is necessary to
carry into execution these noble thoughts
of the age. Human power is limited in
its influence. It can unite two persons,
or two tribes, or two communities, or at
the utmost two nations. At the same
time it confesses that this unity is tem-
poral and may be abrogated by the whim
of either of the high contracting parties.
But the divine power unites nations
and peoples and cements them together
in the bond of brotherhood and peace
for ages a.nd cycles. His Holiness Christ
was one person, without any as-
sistance a.nd help, but through the effect
of the Holy Spirit he was enabled to
unite many nations a.nd religions under
the standard of Christianity. Likewise
Mohammed unified the wild, savage
tribes of Arabs and made them the con-
querors of Asia. Consequently there
must needs be divine power for the ac-
complishment of this universal aim. Hu-
man power fails in this undertaking.
The words of those souls who are the
essences of severance, who are in the ut-
most sanctity and purity will have an
effect upon the hearts of men. the result
of which will be unity and good-fellow-
ship. Save through this, ideal commun-
ication will not be made possible between
the children of men. They may achieve
a temporal union for a. few years. Men
may so compound the various ingredi-
ents as to be promiscuously mixed to-
gether. But there must needs be the
solvent so that they may become per-
fectly blended and united. In the hu-
man world that solvent is the power of
the Holy Spirit which will thoroughly
mix and blend the different constituents
and elements representing the various
nationalities, religions and sects. I hope
the b-elievers of God will unfurl the
"World Peace Flag" because their aim
is altruistic and they are helped by the
confirmations of the Holy Spirit.
Through the power of God it is possible
for one~Bahai to guide one whole nation.
Such spiritual victories are dependent
upon the breaths and bestowals of the
Holy Spirit.
(Wo1"ds of Abdul-Baha: From Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, uly 15, 1914.)
Spiritual education consists in the in-
culcation of the ideals of divine morality
and promotes high thoughts. This spir-
itual education is made possible through
the power of the Holy Spirit. As long
as the breaths of the Holy Spirit do not
display any influence, spiritual educa-
tion is not obtained; whereas if a soul
is inspired by the Holy Spirit he will be
enabled to educate a nation.
Consider the records of bygone phil-
osophers; the utmost that they could do
was to educate themselves. The circle
of their influence was very limited. All
that they could do was to instruct a few
pupils. Of such a type was the influ-
ence of Plato and Aristotle. These phil-
osophers were only able to train a lim-
ited number of people. But those souls
who are assisted by the breath of the
Holy Spirit can educate a nation. The
prophets of God were neither philoso-
phers nor celebrated for their genius.
Outwardly, they belong to the common
people, but as they were encircled with
the all-comprehending power of the
Holy Spirit they were thus enabled to
impart a general education to all men.
For instance, His Holiness Christ and
His Holiness Mohainmed were not among

