STAR OF THE WEST 51
fact--the investigation of reality. EX-
pend all your thoughts on this--that the
unio-n 0-f opinions and expressions may
b-e obta.ined . . . . . .
"If the circle of the activities of Green
Acre be expanded so that each year the
leaders of every religion and thought
may associate with each o-ther With per-
fect love a.nd amity there will be good
results.
"The aim of those souls who deliver
addresses or who take part in the discus-
sions must be the investigation of reality
and no-t the presentation of dogmas and
unp-ro-fitable, antiquate-d theories. The
chief objects of Green Acre conferences
must be the furtherance of universal
peace, investigation of reality, brotl1er-
hood, tolerance, sympathy to all man-
kind, the cultivation of a better under-
standing between the nations of the
World, t'he elimination o-f dogmas and
superficialities, the illumination of the
hearts With the light of truth, mutual
assistance and co-o-peratio-n, social serv-
ice, the study of the fundamental prin-
ciples of all the religions and their com-
parative co-ordination. Green Acre must
carry away this palm of victory . . . . .
"Personal amb-itio-n must be thrown
to the Winds and all the available will-
powe-r directed towards the realization
of the universal objects. If you outline
such a practical, universal, all-inclusive
programme and then invite me I will
come again to Green Acre. Lay such
a foundation that the influence of the
confederation of religions and sects may
permeate to all parts of the World from
Green Acre; and Green Acre for the
future ages and cycles may become the
standard bearer of the oneness of the
World o-f humanity. I will pray for the
fulfilment of this truth."
Early last Winter the following tablet
was received by a believer regarding the
service of Green Acre, Abdul-Baha's
la.test Word about the "Green Acca' of
America:
thou maid-servant of God! Thy
letter wa.s received. Thy desire to serve
Green Acre is in reality a very important
matter. This name (Green Acre) must
appear with all its significant meaning,
that is Green Acre must become the re-
flection of the plain of Acoa, and at-
tain to the utmost verdancy, greenness
and artistic beauty. Its charms and
wonder lie in this, that it may become
the center of the Bahais and the cry of
'Ya-Baha.-El-Abha' be raised from all
its direction. I hope that all thy aspir-
a.tions may become fully realized. Upon
thee be greeting and praise."
"Plant thou a tree which may yield sweet fruits
throughout all eternity"
(A Recent Tablet from Abdul-Baha to Maria P. Vlfilson, Malden, Mass.)
thou my respected hostess!
The days that I was a guest in thy
home are ever before my sight. They
then include happy days, for they passed
away in joy.
Truly, I say, with all thy power thou
didst serve us and displayed towards us
the utmost kindness. This service ap-
peared through the sincerity of thine
intention, thy love for humanity, and
thy praiseworthy morals. At present,
also-, thou art engaged day and night in
the service of the Kingdom of God, and
art occupied in the promotion of heav-
enly teachings. Plant thou a tree which
may yield sweet fruits throughout all
eternity. Scatter thou such pure seeds
which may produce various crops in the
future ages and cycles. This is made
possible through self-sacrifice in the path
of God, and complete evanescence in the
love of God--so that no trace of self,
ego and desires be left behind; thus
thou mayest consecrate thyself Wholly
and entirely to the heavenly Beloved.
Convey on my behalf to each and all
the friends--1nen and women-- my lov-
ing and yearning greetings.
Upon thee be greeting and praise.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad So-hrab,
Haifa, Syria, Oct. 22, 1916.)

