184 STAR OF THE WEST
Tablets Revealed by His Holiness Baha'o'llah confirming
the Center of His Covenant
In His Name who shines from the
horizon of might!
Verily the Tongue of the Ancient
gives glad tidings to those who are in
the world concerning the appearance of
the Greatest Name, and who takes His
Covenant among the nations. Verily he
is myself; the shining-place of my iden-
tity; the east of my Cause the heaven
of my bounty; tl1e sea of my will; the
lamp of my guidance; the path of my
justice; the standard of my laws.
The one who has turned to him hath
turned to my face and is illumined
through the lights of my Beauty; has
acknowledged my oneness and confessed
my singleness.
The one who has denied him has been
deprived of the salsabil of my love, of
the kawther of my favor, the cup. of my
mercy, and of the wine through which
the sincere ones have been attracted and
the monotheists have taken flight in the
air of my kindness, which no one hath
known except the One Whom I have
taught the thing that has been revealed
in my Hidden Tablet.
(Translated by Mirza Valiolah Khan
Vargha, Teheran, Persia, December 11,
I913. Photographs of the original
manuscript of this Tablet have been
received in America.)
He is The Most Great, the El-Abba!
This is The Branch that hath extended
from the bower of_thy oneness and from
the tree of thy unity. Thou beholdest
him, my God, gazing unto thee and
holding fast to the rope of thy provi-
dence. Preserve him in the neighbor-
hood of thy mercy!
Thou knowest, my God, that verily,
I have chosen him only because thou
hast chosen him; I have elected him,
only because thou hast elected him.
Therefore, assist him by the hosts of thy
heaven and earth. Help thou, my
God, whosoever may help him; choose
whosoever may choose him. Strengthen
whosoever may advance toward him; and
reject whosoever may deny him and de-
sire him not!
my Lord! Thou beholdest my pen
moving and my limbs trembling in this
moment of revelation. I beg of thee by
my craving in thy love, and my yearn-
ing for the declaration of thy command,
to ordain for him and his lovers that
which thou hast ordained for thy mes-
sengers and the trusted ones of thy
revelation.
Verily, thou art the Powerful, the
Mighty!
thou my Greatest Branch!
Thy letter was surely presented be-
fore this oppressed one, and I heard that
which thou hast communed with God,
the Lord of the Worlds.
Verity, we have ordained thee the
guardian of all the creatures, and a pro-
tection to all those i11 the heavens and
earths, and a fortress to- those who be-
lieve in God, the One, the Omniscient!
I beg of God to protect them by thee,
to enrich them by thee; to nourish them
by thee; and to reveal to thee that which
is the dawning-point of riches to- the peo-
ple of creation, and the ocean of gener-
osity to those in the world, and the ris-
ing-point of favor to all nations. Verily,
he is the Powerful, the All-knowing and
the Wise!
I beg of him to water the earth and
all that is in it by thee, that there may
spring up from it the flowers of wisdom
and revelation and the hyacinths of sci-
ence and knowledge. Verity, he is the
friend to those who love him, and an
assistant to those who commune with
him.
There is no God but Him, the Mighty,
and the Magnified!
(Tablet sent to Abdul-Baha when he
was in Beirut, Syria.)

