STAR OF THE WEST 13
understood it, supervisor of co-operative
progress, and his appointment was hailed
with great delight. Recently President
Wils.on, through the department of agri-
culture sent a committee of three to the
northwest to assist the farmers of that
section in forming co-operative ex-
changes like those of California.
In these enterprises the working peo-
ple do not yet share the profits. The
associations have been made to- break the
grasping power of the middle man, and
people have not yet wakened to the
broader ethical aspects of the case. But
the rights of the harvester must be recog-
nized in the near future, because it is
the day when the worker is coming into
his own, and fortunately the harvester is
at present one of the best paid workers
in the United States, and cannot com-
plain of a badly ventilated factory.
While in this country in 1912 Abdul-
Baha gave a remarkable talk before the
socialist club of Montreal, in which he
outlined the economic development of
the coming time, and suggested a form
of the income tax entirely new. He gave
as an illustration of the way in which
the plan would work, an agricultural
co-mmunity.
In the beginning he said, "In reality
all mankind represents one family, God
desires that each individual member of
the body politic: should live in the utmost
well being and comfort. If all do not
enjoy life there is a lack of symmetry
in the body politic."
He then outlined a scheme by which
the utmost justice could be brought into
the communal life. He said the prod-
ucts of the community should be stored
in a storehouse, that each man's share
should be noted and when the property
was sold, each should receive his propor-
tion, and the tax he should pay to the
community would be estimated from his
share in the property.
At the time when Abdul-Baha spoke,
no such thing as a community storehouse
had been heard of in this country, but
during the past two years its reality has
been rapidly developing in North Da-
kota. The farmers in that section have
been almost driven into bankruptcy by
the exactions of the banks and the grain
dealers. The farmer had no elevator in
which to store his grain, and the banks
would lend no money until the grain was
harvested. Moreover he could get no
accommodation except at a rate of from
12 to 14 per cent., and even then with
ruinous>> restrictions. So he was obliged
to look on while the middle man came
along and bought his grain at starvation
prices, to the producer, stored it in his
elevator, and then immediately borrowed
money on it at the bank, with which he
went forth to buy more grain at starva-
tion prices.
When the situation became unendura-
ble the North Dakota farmers rose up in
more than protest. They formed a "Fed-
eral Association which included the en-
tire sta.te. They had already endeavored
in vain to elect legislators, either demo-
cratic or republican, who would pass a
law enabling them to build state ele-
vators. So this year they broke the ma-
chines of both parties, sent their own
men to the legislature, and are to build
state elevators for the grain of North
Dakota. Naturally in the process of this
communal action, the country has de-
veloped a communal feeling quite un-
precedented, and certain to lead to un-
usual progress in the future. Mean-
while the Rural Credits law has passed,
assuring them easier money, and reliev-
ing them from the exactions of the
banks. The Rural Credits Law is 'by no
means perfect. It surrounds the issuing
of money to the farmer with too many
restrictions and is not yet freed from
the over suspicion of the banking system.
But it is a step forward and brings re-
lief where it is much needed. Undoubt-
edly, in the future, its restrictions will be
removed, and it will enable the needy
one to obtain help without such a super-
fluity of red tape.
However, North Dakota is to have ele-
vators, and the first step toward the re-
markable plan suggested by Abdul-Baha
has thus been taken. For his plan as to

