STAR OF THE WEST 59
Faith is the magnet which draws the
confirmation of the Merciful One. Serv-
ice is the magnet which attracts the
heavenly strength.
(X-Vords of Abdul-Baha: Tablets of
Abdul-Baha, p. 62.)
mi
hear there is an invention; We be-
lieve it is good; then We come and see
it. 'Ne hear there is Wealth We see it;
We Work hard for it; We become rich
ourselves and help others. We knovv
and see the Light, We go close to it, are
warmed by it, and reflect its rays on
others. This is real faith, and thus We
receive power to become the eternal sons
of God-.
(YVords of Abdul-Baha: Abdul-Bake
in London, p. 59.)
Question: How can one increase in
faith?
Answer: You must strive. A child
is uninformed. Through study he ob-
tains knowledge. Search for truth.
There are three kinds of faith. First,
that which is from tradition. and birth.
For example: A child is born of Moham-
medan parents; he is a Mohammedan.
This faith is Weak, traditional faith.
Second, that which comes from knowl-
edge and is the faith of understanding.
This is good. But there is a better, the
faith of practice. This is the real faith.
(W'ords of Abdul-Baha: Abdul-Bake
2712- London, p. 59.)
Although a person of good deeds is
acceptable at the threshold of the Al-
mighty, yet it is first to know and then
to do. Although a blind man produces
a most Wonderful and exquisite art, yet
he is deprived of seeing it. See how most
animals labor for man, draw loads and
facilitate travel; yet as they are" ignorant
t'hey do not receive any reward for this
toil and labor. The cloud rains; roses
and hyaeinths grow, the plains and
meadows, the gardens and trees become
green and blossom, yet they do not real-
ize the results and outcome of their activ-
ities. Therefore, they are not praised
and commended, . . . This lamp is
lightedconscious
knowledge o-f itself no one has become
glad because of it.
Moreover, a soul of excellent deeds and
good manners Will undoubtedly advance,
no matter from What horizon he beholds
the light radiating. Herein lies the dif-
ference. By faith is meant first, con-
scious knowledge; second, the practice
of good deeds.
(VVords of Abdul-Baha: Tablets of
Abdul-Balm, p. 549.)
Praise be to God, you are firm in the
Covenant and steadfast in the Testa-
ment. Firmness and steadfastness are
the greatest conditions of faith and as-
surance. As long as .the tree does not
send its root to the bowels of the earth
it will not become secure and established,
neither will it grow and develop into
full stature. But if it is not firmly
rooted it will be broken by the blowing
of one strong Wind.
(VVO-rds of Abdul-Baha: From Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, July 24, 1914.)
There is no wonder in confessing the
appearance of the Kingdom of God, but
true Wonder consists in good 'deeds,
obedience to the commands and teach-
ings of the True Lord, and firmness in
this path, even when the storm is at its
height. -
(VVo1"ds of Abdul-Baha: Extract from
Tablet to American believer; received
January 5, 1904.)
One of the requirements of faithful-
ness is that thou mayest sacrifice thyself
and in the divine path, close thine 
to every pleasure and strive with all thy
soul that thou mayest dis-appear and be

