STAR OF THE 99
disease is named, all are ex-
plained, the diagnosis of each ailment is
completely written out and a prescrip-
tion for each malady is furnished; there-
fore Why do I need a doctor'? 
This is sheer ignorance. A physician
is needed to prescribe. Through his
skill the principles of the book are cor"-
rectly and effectively applied until the
patient is restored to health. Christ
was a heavenly physician. He brought
spiritual health and healing into the
World. Baha'o'llah is likewise a divine
physician. He has revealed prescrip-
tions for removing disease from the body
politic and has- remedied human condi-
tions by spiritual power.
Therefore mere knowledge is not suf-
ficient for complete human attainment.
The teachings of the Holy Books need
a he_avenly power and divine potency to
carry them out. A house is not builded
by mere acquaintance with the plans.
Money must be forthcoming, volition is
necessary to construct it, a carpenter
must be employed in its erection. It
is not enough to say, "The plan and
purpose of this house are very good; I
will live in it." There are no Walls of
protection, there is no roof of shelter in
this mere statement. The house must
be actually built before We can live in it.
Briefly, the teachings of the holy
books need a divine potency to complete
their accomplishment in human hearts.
In Persia, His Holiness Baha'o'llah
reared and taught souls, established a
bond of affiliation among various peo-
ples and united divergent religious be-
liefs to such an extent that twenty thou-
sand devoted ones sacriticed themselves
for the Cause of God in the glorious
unity of No differences
whatever remained among these blessed
souls; Christians, Jews, Mohammedans,
Zoroastrians were all blended, unified
and agreed through the potency of his
heavenly by mere words, not
by merely saying, "Unity is good and
love is praiseworthy."
His Holiness Baha'o '1lah not only pro-
claimed this unity and love; he estab-
lished it. As a heavenly physician he
not only gave prescriptions for these
ailments of discord and hatred, but ac-
complished the actual healing. "We may
read in a medical book that a certain
form of illness requires such and such
a remedy. this may be absolutely
true, the remedy is useless unless there
is volition and executive force to apply
it. Every man in the king's army can
give a command, but when the king
speaks, it is carried out. This one, that
one, may say, "Go conquer a country 
but when the king says, "Go the army
advances. Therefore it is evident that
the confirmation of the Holy Spirit and
the impelling influence of a heavenly
power are needed to accomplish the di-
vine purpose in human hearts and con-
ditions. His Holiness Jesus Christ,
single, solitary and alone accomplished
What all the kings of the earth could not
have carried out. If all the kingdoms
and nations of the World had combined
to effect it they would have failed.
(\Vords of Abdul-Baha; Star of the
West,' Vol. 3, No. 18, p. 7.)
The point is this, that to gain control
over physical bodies is an extremely easy
matter, but to bring spirits within the
bonds of serenity is a most arduous un-
dertaking. This is not the Work of
everybody. It necessitates a divine and
holy potency, the potency of inspiration,
the power of the Holy Spirit. For ex-
ample, His Holiness Christ vvas capable
of leading spirits into that abode of
serenity. He Was capable of guiding
hearts into that haven of rest.
In this century of the "latter times"
Baha.'o'llah has appeared and so resusci-
tated spirits that they have manifested
powers more than human. Thousands
of his followers have given their lives
and While under the sword, shedding
their blood, they have proclaimed "Ya-
Such resuscitation is

thou Glory of the Most Glorious!"
A prayer of intense concentration upon
God.

