STAR OF THE WEST 39
The Distinctive Characteristics of the Teachings of Baha'o'llah
(Continued from page 31)
Next Baha'o'llah declares 
There shall be perfect equality between men
and women.
For God, he says, has created all and has
not permitted any distinction between
the two. "Thy should man create a
distinction which God do-es not recog-
nize'? In the kingdoms beneath, man,
while, indeed, there is distinction of
gender, yet the differences between male
and female are not found to be at all
vital. The mare, for instance, is as strong
and even mo-re speedy than the horse.
In the animal and vegetable kingdo-ms
there is perfect equality between the
male and female. That person the mir-
ror of whose heart is the purest and
cleanest, whose character is the highest
is the nearest" and dearest to God be that
person male or female.
Next, Baha'o'llah has declared the ne-
cessity for a
Universal language.
that it may serve as a means of inter-
national communication and thus remove
misunderstandings. This teaching as to
the importance of a universal language is
set forth in the Kitalfl Aiadqs, or "Book
of Laws," published fifty years ago.
Next, there is a principle initiated by
Baha'o'11ah relative to
Universal Education.
In other words, that all mankind shall
become educated and that no illiteracy
shall remain.
In which one of_ the sacred books do
you find such a text?
Work an act of worship.
Next, Baha'o'llah teaches that it is in-
cumbent upon every soul to be qualified
as the practicer of some useful trade,
craft or profession and that the honest
practice of such trade, craft or profes-
sion is to be regarded as an act of de-
votion.
But the teachings of Baha'o'llah are
limitless and there is no time now to go
into further details. The point is that
these teachings are new and that they
are not to be found in any of the relig-
ious books of the past. Therefore if
anyone should raise an objection and
ask the question, has Baha'o'llah
brought that is new," in response you
should refer to and cite these statements.
In brief, the manifestation of Baha'-
o'l1ah is distinguished from eVery stand-
point.
The majesty of his manifestation Was
remarkable.
The power of God shown in this dis-
pensation is remarkable.
The efficacy of the X/Vord of God there-
.in is remarkable.
All the prophets during their life time
werescoffed at. For instance, consider
how his holiness Moses was- scorned. The
people called him a murderer. They
said, You killed a man and fled, for you
were afraid of retribution and is it pos-
sible that now, after your former acts,
you have come to be a prophet?" There
are many similar episodes recorded not
only of Moses but of the other prophets.
How severe was their molestation! But
his holiness Moses endured all these diffi-
culties, for he had engaged in the spread
of the VVord of God.
How much they endeavored to belittle
his holiness Christ! They placed upon
his head a crown of thorns and paraded
him through the streets and bazaars.
One passer-by or on-locker would say,
"Peace be upon thee, thou king of the
Jews!" This, instead of being said with
respect would be uttered in mockery.
Another would bow to him backward
and say in scornful tones: "Thou King
of the Jews!" o-r "Lord of Lords, peace
be upon thee!" Still another would spit
upon his bless-ed countenance.
In short, the various forms of perse-
cution which they used are mentioned
in the books of the old cycle, whether
Jewish, Roman or Greek,--the persecu-
tion which Christ suffered during the
time of his manifestation. There were

