STAR OF THE WEST 123
The most glorious at'tainment is the
understanding of this great saying:
All beings are the fruits of one tree,
the leaves of one branch, the drops of
one sea. Honor is= for him who loveth
men, not for him Who loveth his own.
(Baha.'o 'l1ah.)
thou daughter of the Kingdom! The
Lo-rd of the Kingdom a.nd the Sun of
Truth hath sent forth a s-plendor and
effulgence upon the world and the uni-
verse. All the contingent things found
life and existence from the rays of that
effulgence, entered and became manifest
in the arena of being. Therefore all the
objective phenomena are as surfaces of
mirrors upon which the Sun of Truth
hath cast the rays of the outpouring of
bounty. All these surfaces (different
stages of life) are mirrors reflecting the
rays of the Sun of Truth. The outpour-
ing is the One outpouring and the effu1-
gence is the One effulgence. These com-
plex and diversified mirrors are different
from one another. Some of them are in
a state of the utmost purity and clear-
ness, reflecting the rays of the Sun of
Truth, and the effulgence of the Lumi-
nary is manifest and visible in them. On
the other hand there are mirrors full
of dust and therefore dark; consequent-
ly, they a.re deprived and bereft of any
radiat'ion.
The believers of God are the translu-
cent mirrors Who, with the utmost purity
and elearness, are reflecting the rays of
the Orb of regions. Other communi-
ties are being darkened and bedimmed
like unto stone a.nd adamant. This con-
dition is especially true of the people of
hostility, animosity, oppression and tyr-
anny, and the fanatical ones, who, on
account of the accumulation of dust
(prejudice) have beco-me like unto the
black stone, into which the rays of the
sun do not penetrate and from which
no light radiates.
Now We must not consider nor recog-
nize these mirrors, which are deprived
of every gift, as strangers and foreign-
ers, neither should We speak of nor
know them as enemies or savages; nay
rather, must we recognize them as the
members of our body, showing them love
and affection; not as strangers, but as
associates; not as foreigners, but as
friends. One must become engaged in
their training and education, sympathize
with and show pity to them and lead
them into the heavenly characteristics,
in order that the accumulated dust may
disappear from the surfaces of those mir-
rors and the shining rays of the Sun of
Truth radiate from them.
thou daughter of the Kingdom!
Be ye not a stranger to anyone, even if
he be the lowest of savages on the face
of the earth and knows nothing of God,
or even if he be an enemy. Desire ye
his association, aspire ye for his freedom
and long ye for his perfection, in order
that hatred and dissension, animosity
a.nd oppression, cruelty and tyranny,
brutality and falsehood, pride and trans-
gression may be removed from among
mankind, the universe become the Para-
dise of Abha, the world be transformed
into the Kingdom of Heaven, the human
race become angels and the individuals
of the W0-rld of humanity become the
manifestors of the favors of the glorious
Lord. This is the perfection of the hu-
man World. This is the divine guidance
of the Almighty.
thou daughter of the Kingdom!
Display ye the utmost charity toward the
poor, the orphans and the helpless ones
of all communities. and nations, and
have ye for them exceeding consideration.
Serve ye them. like unto the real serv-
ants. Know ye them as excellent per-
sons and count yourselves day and night
the thralls of mankind.
(Ab-dul-B aha.)
Son of Man! In My ancient entity
and in My eternal being was I hidden.
I knew my love in thee, therefore I cre-
ated thee; upon thee I laid My image,
a.nd to thee revealed My beauty.

