218 STAR OF
All other voices will be repressed, but
this harmonic song of the Kingdom of
Peace and Truth is eternal and everlast-
ing.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Star of the
West, Vol. 5, No. 14, p. 216.)
Verily, verily, I say unto thee, the
Covenant of God and His Testament is
the lamp with world-illuminating rays,
and from the Supreme Concourse it
enlightens the horizons of the earth and
heaven. Whoever stations himself in
front of this divine Light, his face will
become illumined with the Manifest
Glory, his speech will become efiective
in the hearts and spirits and God shall
reinforce him with power which per-
meates through the realities of things.
(Words of Abdul-Baha From Diary
of Mirza Sohrab, July 18, 1913.)
The Covenant has such a sway that it
astonishes the minds. In every region
the sign of the power of the Covenant
is apparent and manifest. For instance,
in Persia the fire of revolution blazed
in such wise that all communities, gov-
ernment and nation became afflicted
with the most severe trials; but the
power of the Covenant protected the
Bahai friends to such a degree that in
this turbulent storm no dust fell upon
them, except in one locality, which be-
came the cause of the spreading of the
religion of God and the diffusion of the
Word of God. Now all the parties in
Persia are wondering how the people of
Baha' were guarded and protected.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Star of the
West, Vol. 6. No. 14, p. 108.)
The Covenant is an Orb which shines
and gleams forth unto the universe.
Verily, its lights will dispel darkness, its
sea will cast out the froth of suspicion
upon the shores of perdition. Verily,
naught in the world can resist the power
of the Kingdom. Should all mankind
THE WEST
assemble, could they prevent the sun
from giving its light, the Winds from their
blowing, the clouds from their showers,
the mountains from their firmness or the
stars from their beaming? No! by the
Lord, the Clement. Everything (in the
world) is subject to corruption, but the
Covenant of thy Lord shall continue to
pervade all regions.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Star of the
West, Vol. 6, No. 14, p. 107.)
Know thou this of a certainty that
today the title of the most great
bestowal is firmness and steadfastness
in the Covenant of the Almighty, but
the magnet for the attraction of the
graces of His Highness the Merciful is
to teach and guide mankind.
(Vllords of Abdul-Baha: From Diary
of Mirza Sohrab, October 12, 1913.)
If you could realize what an efiiect
your letter produced, undoubtedly you
would feel assured that the heart of
Abdul-Baha has the utmost attachment
to you, and day and night he is suppli-
cating toward the Kingdom of Aloha and
begs for you confirmation, for you are
firm in the Covenant and are the heralds
of the Testament.
Today the greatest of all afiairs is
firmness in the Covenant. This Cove-
nant is the Covenant of God, and this
Testament is the Testament of the Lord
of Hosts. If you consider that any soul
shows the slightest weakness in the Cove-
nant, undoubtedly counsel him and guide
him so that he may become firm.
Today no soul has any station or
enjoys any title except the soul who is
firm in the Covenant and steadfast in
the Testament, who entirely forgets him-
self and is released from the World.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Portion of a
Tablet revealed by him in response to a
letter asking him to visit the Northwest.
It Was signed by about ninety Bahais
of Spokane, Seattle and Portland.) -

