204- STAR OF THE WEST
The City oi God
A Compilation of Utterances of Baha'o'llah
IN this day a great banquet is cele-
brated in the Supreme Concourse for
all that was promised in the Divine
Books has appeared. This is the day of
the most great rejoicing. All must direct
themselves to the court of Nearness (to
God) with the utmost joy, happiness,
cxultatio-n and gladness, and deliver
themselves from the fire of remoteness.
The Way of freedom is opened; hasten
thereto: and the fountain of knowledge
is Welling up; drink thereof. . . .
Truly I say that which will diminish
ignorance and increase wisdom is pleas-
ing to the Crea.tor. Say; people, walk
in the shadow of justice and uprightness
and -enter the pavilion of unity.
It is hoped tha.t in this morn when
the world is illumined by the Sun of
Knowledge We may seek the good pleas-
ure of the Friend (the Heavenly Father)
and drink from the sea of recognition.
friends! Sleep With your face
turned to the Friend and rest in bed in
the thought of the Beloved One. From
flowers inhale the Fragrance of the
Loved One, and in every fire see the light
of the face of the Desired One. . . .
Then exert thyself in love with thy soul,
and enter the ab-ode of the Beloved One
with thy heart. Abandon grief for the
world to its people and give no heed to
the limited days of this life.
(Pass over all else save God with the
swiftness of lightning.) Thus mayst
thou cast off the old garment of this
world, be seated on the immortal, ever-
lasting throne, be clad in a divine rai-
ment, drink the wine of love from the
cup of the Beloved One, become ablaze
with the light of love and sew the rob-c
of love! This is that matter which shall
never change. Know thou, therefore,
that in every age and dispensation all
divine ordinances are changed and
transformed according to the require-
ment o-f the time, except the law of love
which always flows and is never over-
taken lay change. This is of the Won-
derful mysteries which God hath men-
tioned for His servants! Vcrily He is
the Merciful, the Compassionate!
In this day the City of God hath ap-
peared and is seen in full adornment.
This is the city wherein the God of all is
become manifest. . . . Take the rod
of resignation i11 the name o-f God and
guide the erring people with entire sev-
erance to the great city of God, that
perchance the Wanderers may attain to
the real native land and the blind may
receive discerning sight. Verily, He is
powerful to do that which He willeth.
All things are in the prayer of His
power. Verily he is the Powerful, the
Mighty.
A Question Answered
From a Tablet by Abdul-Baha to Ella
G. Cooper, San Francisco. Translated
and mailed from Haifa, Syria, March 19,
1916.
Question: In the copies of the talk
given by Abdul-Baha to the Society of
Friends in London, there seems to be a
discrepancy in the time in the opening
line. In some it reads, "About six thou-
sand years ago," in others "six hundred
years," and in others"'sixty years." If
the Society referred to signifies the B-ahai
Movement, would not sixty years be the
correct numb-er?
Answer." This talk opens with the
words, "About six hundred years ago."
This Society was founded in the city of
I-Iamad-an six hundred years ago and has
nothing to do With this movement. It is
almost disbanded, but under different
names and forms one may come across
th-em in Persia. They were called the
Society of Sokoutyyoun, that is, the
"Silent Ones."
DELUXE EDITION of the TABLETS OF Tablet of Tarazat, Tablet of the World,
Words of Paradise. Tablet of Tajalleyat, The Glad Tidings. Tabiet of Ishrakat--C10th bound.go1d edges. 140
pages, P1-ici 1.00: postage 15 cents additional. Distributed by Bahai Publishing Society. Address all orders
to Miss Mary Lesch, 4319 Lake Pai-k!Avenue, Chicago.

