quarter was not like other quarters, it
will bring me luck!"
One result of Abdul-Baha's charity
was the example of personal contact
which it established. He said; "If the
rich should see for themselves the evil
conditions which exist, they would be-
come eager to alter them. It is neces-
sary in relieving poverty to come into
direct touch With its pain. Then the
world will determine to abolish it."
He said also, "The spending of money
for the help of another brings a great
blessing, but the mere dispatch of a
check 'the loss of which one never feels
is nothing."
Perhaps the tender heart of Abdul-
Baha was never more fully manifested
than in the incident which occurred in
California. His hostess in San Francisco
had arranged an interview with the
Mayor of Berkeley. There was to be a
grand reception, and many dignitaries
a.nd University people were to be pres-
ent. As the appointed hour for de-
parture approached the hostess went up-
stairs to wa.rn Abdul-Baha that the time
was near. He smiled and waved her
away, saying "Very soon! Very soon!"
She left him with some impatience,
for there was no evidence of preparation
for the trip. After some time she went
up again, for the automobile was honk-
ing at the door, and it looked as if the
Mayor of Berkeley would be kept wait-
ing. But she met only a smile, and
"Very soon! Very soon!" from the im-
portant guest. At last her patience was
quite exhausted for she knew that they
could not possibly arrive at the recep-
tion in time. Suddenly there was a ring
at the door bell. Immediately Abdul-
Ba.ha's step was on the stair, and when
the door opened he was beside the maid,
pulling over the threshold a dusty and
disheveled man whom no one had ever
heard of, but whom Abdul-Baha em-
braced like a long lost friend.
The man lived fifteen miles from San
Francisco. He had read of Abdul-Baha
in the newspapers. He felt that he must
see him at any cost, but he had not five
6 STAB OF THE WEST
cents for street car fare. So he started
to walk to San Francisco, and if Abdul-
Baha had set forth to- fill his
engagement with the Mayor of Berkeley
he would have missed this seeker after
truth. But Abdul-Baha. had felt his ap-
proach, and would not leave for his ap-
pointment until he saw this friend of
the spirit seated at his hostess' table, so
well panoplied with sandwiches and tea
that it was fully evident his outer man
would be refreshed.
Then he said: "Now I must go, but
when you have finished, wait for 1ne in
my room upstairs, until I return, and
then we will have a great talk."
It is with this fund of deep sympathy
and a pro-found comprehension that
Abdul-Baha approaches the modern eco-
nomic problem, but he does not regard
it from any sentimental point of view.
The new time is coming he declares, and
it will manifest itself along two lines--
a change in the human heart, and new
laws enacted in every country. "Te can-
not introduce the divine civilization by
legislation alone, he says, there must be
a change in the human heart before this
is possible.
The lines along which the better gov-
ernment is coming have been clearly in-
dicated by Abdul-Baha. \Vhen he was
in New York in 1912 some one was talk-
ing to him about the United States, and
he said:
"You did a wonderful thing in this
country in 1865 when You abolished
chatt'el slavery, but you must do a much
more wonderful thing now, you must
abolish industrial slavery I 
Only a few people understood in 1912
that the curse of industrial slavery ex-
isted among us, but the events which
followed this dynamic utterance of
Abdul-Baha made it plainly manifest.
Is there not a. wireless which carries the
suggestion of a powerful mind to many
hearts, and commands results? It is cer-
tainly mo-st interesting to observe how
closely the economic tendencies which
have developed in the United States
since 1912 have carried. out the possibili-

