46 STAR OF THE VVEST
give to us when We ask him. His mercy
is all-encircling.
But We ask for things; which the di-
vine Wisdom does not desire for us and
there is no answer to our prayer. His
wisdom does not sanction What We Wish.
"We pray, God! Make me Wealthy."
If this prayer were universally answered
huma.n affairs would be at a standstill.
There Would be no one left to Work in
the streets, no one to till the soil, no one
to build, no one to run the trains. There-
fore it is evident that it would not be
Well for us if all prayers were answered.
The affairs of the World would be inter-
fered With, energies crippled and prog-
ress hindered. But Whatever We ask
for which is in accord with divine Wis-
dom, God will answer. Assuredly!
For instance, a very feeble patient
may ask the doc-tor to give him food
which Would be positively dangerous to

his life and condition. He may beg for
roast meat. The doctor is kind and wise.
He knows it would be dangerous to his
patient so he refuses to allow it. The
doctor is merciful, the patient ignorant.
Through the doctor's kindness the pa-
tient recovers; his life is saved. Yet
the patient may cry out that the doctor
was unkind, not good, because he refused
to answer his pleading.
God is merciful. In his mercy he an-
swers the prayers of all his servants
when they are according to his supreme
wisdom.
(Wiords of Abdul-Baha: Star of the
lVest; Vol. 3, No. 18, p. 6.)
Christ said, "Go into thy chamber
and shut the door, and pray to thy
Father which is in heaven." 'Why did
he say this'? It is with the tongue that
man expresses his feelings to another
man. But with the language of the
heart man prays to God. Though God
is within the heart of man, is ever pres-
ent in every place, yet man lifts up his
eyes to heaven and prays as if God were
there, seated upon a throne. Surely
this is pure superstition! Why should
he utter the Words,' hea-venlyFather 
Vi/Thy should it be necessary for him to
repeat prayers aloud and With the
tongue"? One reason for this is that if
the heart alone is speaking the mind can
be more easily disturbed. But repeating
the Words so that the tongue and heart
act together enables the mind to become
concentrated. Then the Whole man is
surrounded by the spirit of prayer and
the act is more perfect.
. Another reason is that by the outward
signs of entering into his room and pray-
ing the attention of others is attracted
and they begin to ask, "Wlhy does he
do this?" and are aroused to enquire
about the truth.
Man may say, can pray to God
whenever I Wish, when the feelings of
my heart are drawn to God; when I am
in the Wilderness, when I am in the city,
or wherever I may be. Why should I
go where others are gathered upon a
special day, at a certain hour, to unite
my prayers With theirs when I may not
be in a frame of mind for praying?"
To think in this Way is useless imagina-
tion for where many are gathered to-
gether their force is greater. Separate
soldiers fighting alone and individually
have not the force of a united army. If
all the soldiers in this spiritual War
gather together then their united spirit-
ual feelings help each other and their
prayers become more acceptable.
A Wise schoolmaster may send his
scholars out to play or to practice gym-
nastics for an hour so that their minds
and bodies may be refreshed and during
the hour of the lesson they may learn it
better. If the teacher proves that his
pupils are advancing no onlooker has a
right to object to his system or to ques-
tion his wisdom and say, "Why does he
Waste the boys' time?" If a wise father
plays with his children who has a right
to sa.y it is not good for them? calls
them to come to him as the hen calls her
chicks, he knows that they are little and
must be coaxed along, coaxed along, be-
cause they are young and tiny.

