30 STAR OE THE WEST
protect himself, nay, rather, in his
spiritual might and po-wer he was at all
times visible before the faces of men,
easy of access, ever withstanding these
fifty millions who were opposing" him.
At las-t his banner was held aloft.
If we glance through history and re-
view the pages of holy writ we will
find that none of the prophets of the past
ever spread his tea.chings or promulgated
his cause from a prison. But his holi-
ness Baha'o'llah held aloft the banner of
the Cause of God while he was in a dun-
geon, addressing the kings of the earth
from his prison cell and severely arraign-
ing them for their oppression of their
subjects and their misuse of power. The
letter he sent to- the Shah of Persia
under such conditions may now be read
by anyone. Likewise his epistle to the
Sultan of Turkey is current among men
as are also his epistles to Napoleon, the
Emperor of the French, and to the other
rulers of the world, including the Presi-
dent of the United States.
The book, or tablet, containing these
"Epistles to the Kings," was published
in India some thirty years ago and is
known as the Surat'l'Hykl, or the
"Discourse on the Temple." Whatever
is recorded in these epistles has come to
pass. S-ome of the prophecies contained
in these "Epistles to the Kings" came
to pass after two years; others were ful-
filled after five or ten years; still others
after twenty years. Some 0-f the most
important prophecies, relative to events
transpiring in the Balkans are being ful-
filled at the present time though written
long ago. For instance, in the epistle
which Baha'o'llah addressed to the Sul-
tan of Turkey the war and the occur-
rences of the present day were foretold
by him. These events were also prophe-
sied in the tablet he addressed to the
City o-f Constantinople. All of the
events which are taking place in Con-
stantinople at present were foretold by
him long ago.
Now, during all this time, while he
was addressing himself to these power-
ful rulers, he was a prisoner in a Turkish
dungeon. Consider how marvelous it
was for a prisoner under the and
control of the Turks to address so dar-
ingly, so boldly and so severely the very
king who was responsible for his im-
prisonment! What power is this!
What greatness! Nowhere in history is
the record of such an episode to be
found. In spite of the iron rule and ab-
solute dominion of these kings his func-
tion was to withstand them; and so con-
stant and firm was he that he caused
their banners to come down and his own
standard to be upraised; for today the
flags of both the Ottoman and the Persian
empires are trailing in the dust, whereas
the standard of Baha'o'llah is being held
aloft in the world both i11 the East and
in the West. Consider what tremendous
power this is! What a decisive argu-
ment! Although a prisoner in a fortress,
he paid no heed to these kings, regarded
not their power of life and death but on
the contrary addressed them in plain
and fearless language telling them ex-
plicitly that the time would come when
their flags would be brought lo-W, Where-
as his o-wn flag would be held aloft. He
declared freely:
"Ere long you will find yourselves in
manifest loss. Your sovereignties will
be laid waste; your empires will become
a wildernes-s and a heap of ruins; hosts
from without will come and subdue your
lands; lamentation and mourning will
emanate from your homes. There will
be no throne; there will be no crown;
there will be no palace; there will be no
armies. Nay, rather, all these will be
brought low. But the standard of the
Cause of God will be held aloft. Then
you will see that hosts and hosts will
enter the Cause of God and that this
mighty revelation will be spread
throughout the world."
All of you should get the "Discourse
on the Temple," the Sm'at'Z'H"ykZ,
read these prophecies carefully, and pon-
der over them.
Now this is one of the characteristics
of Baha'o'llah. Of what prophetic dis-
pensation can you recount such events?

