74 STAR OF THE WEST
splendor and make it a magnificent pic-
ture instead of a mere sketch plan. Of
course, even the most magnificent pic-
ture which the trained imagination can
frame is in itself but the rudest and
crudest of sketches compared with the
wonderful universe it attempts to por-
tray.
THE DESCENT OF MAN
Neither does Baha'o'llah quarrel with
the biologist who finds for the body of
man, a history reaching back in the de-
velopment of the species, through mil-
lions of history which, starting
from a very simple, apparently insig-
nificant form, gradually develops in the
course of untold generations, becoming
more and more complex, and better and
better organized until the man of the
present day is reached. Each individual
human body develops through such a
series of stages from a tiny round speck
of jelly-like protoplasm to the fully de-
veloped man. If this is true of the indi-
vidual, as nobody denies, why should we
consider it derogatory to human dignity
to admit a similar development for the
species"? This is a very different thing
from cla.iming (as Darwin is popularly
although quite erroneously supposed to
have claimed) that man is descended
from the monkey. The human embryo
may at one time resemble a. fish with gill-
slits and tail, but it is not a fish. It is a
human embryo. So the human species
may at various stages of its long devel-
opment have resembled to the outward
various species of lower animals, but
it was still the human species, possessing
the mysterious latent power of develop-
ing into- man as we know him today, nay
more, of developing in the future, we
trust, into something far higher still.
BODY AND SOUL
The materialist idea. that "mind is a
function of matter" is no longer tenable
in the light of research. A
la.rge body of scientific evidence has
gradually been accumulating which i11
the opinion of impartial but highly crit-
ical in.vestiga.t'ors is amply sufficient to
establish beyond all question the fact of
a life after the continued life
and activity of the conscious "soul"
after the dissolution of the material
body. As F. W. H. Myers says. in his
Human Personality; "Observation, ex-
periment, inference, have led many en-
quirers-, of whom I am one, to- a belief
in direct or telepathic intercommunica-
tion, not only between the minds of men
still on earth, but between minds or
spirits still on earth and spirits departed.
Such a discovery opens the door also to
revelation. . . . We- have shown that
amid much deception and self-deception,
fraud and illusion, veritable manifesta-
tions do reach us from beyond the
grave."
The Bahai teachings with regard to
body and soul, and the life after death,
are quite in harmony with the results
of research. They teach that
death is b-ut a new birth the escape
from the prison of the body into a larger
life. They teach that soul can affect
soul independently of spoken or written
communication, and that this influence
is independent of the body and ca11 take
place whether the soul is embodied or
disembodied. They advocate the use of
prayers for the "dead" and teach that
mutual communion and help are still
possible between the "living" and the
so-called "dead." They speak much of
the "Supreme Concourse" of holy souls,
whose assistance is available for every
human being who is advancing in the
path of God. The relation of the soul
to the body they picture as like that of
a musician to his instrument. If the in-
strument is broken and out of tune, the
musician will no longer be able to pro-
duce beautiful music from it, although
he may be as capable as ever. So when
the body is diseased and out of order,
the soul ca.n no longer adequately mani-
fest through it on the material plane,
and to the which sees only the body
it might appear as if the whole man had
decayed, instead of only the material
instrument.

