STAR OF THE WEST 19
ing himself in her favor. As I was near
I could hear their conversation. He was
telling her':
"Thou art so beautiful! Why dost
thou not co-me to the city 

thou wilt be married to a rich
man!"
"What will he do for me?"
"He will b-uild for thee a lovely
house, thou wilt be served as a queen;
servants and maids will wait on thee;
thou wilt Walk through green gardens,
thou wilt sleep on soft beds instead of
sand; thy husband will buy for thee
many precious jewels with which thou
Wilt decorate thy body; he will surround
thee with wonderful objects the like of
which thou hast never seen even in thy
dreams!"
The girl straightened herself on her
camel and looked at the youth with pity
and contempt in her whole demeanor.
have my beloved desert, vast,
broad, and immeasurable," she said.
"What do I want with your cave-like,
cage-like and boxlike houses. There the
air is stuify. Here the Whole expanse
of the Sahara is our avenues and boule-
vards. ere is my home--the palace of
immensity, the residence of God's own
children. Fie upon your to-Wn and your
civilization and your snob-bish manners!
I hate them! I cannot bear to look at
them! They are all cheap tricks sanc-
tioned by your so-called society. You
come abroad to display your crafty eti-
quett'e of mock modesty and respectabil-
ity, while in reality you are physically
and morally corrupt, afflicted with loath-
some diseases. Away from me! Let me
stay where I am! My home is the
Sahara, my couch is the soft sand, my
decorations are God 's virtues, my lamps
by night the moon and stars."
(Words of Abdul-Baha; from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, May 5, 1914.)
Wealth becomes the cause of heedless-
ness to many souls with the exception
of those who are believers in God and
read the verses of God. For this reason
his holiness Christ hath said: "It is
easier for a camel to go through the 
of a needle than for a rich man to- enter
the kingdom of heaven." But blessed
is the rich man whose wealth and opu-
lence do not prevent him from turning
his face toward God and whose heart is
not attached to his possessions. Such a
rich man is the light of the world.
Today Baron came to
Haifa. He is one of the wealthiest men
of Europe. He is much interested in
the Jewish colonization of Palestine and
is devoting much of his time and atten-
tion to this problem. No-w he has gone
to Tiberias. He is busy all the time.
He could no-t stay longer than one hour.
All the people are toiling and laboring
to attain to the station of a rich man.
Life to many rich men is nothing but a
heavy burden. They are "Wood carriers."
Inste-ad of a blessing wealth becomes a
great calamity to them. The supervision
of their colossal fortunes and their
p-ro-per financial administration becomes
the soleobject of their lives. Day and
night, asleep and awake, they think and
Work to m.ake tlteir piles larger and that
of others smaller till finally they become
mere money machines devoid of any
other feeling or of higher emotions, wild-
eyed, always hungering for more. Greed
and selfishness become the dominant in-
fluences of their lives. Grab, grab,
grab; right a.nd left they grab at every-
thing. In the mad rush and struggle
for more lucre, for more goods
they walk over the bodies of the toilers
and the children. They become the em-
bodiment of heartlessness and cruelty.
Pride and haughtiness lord it over them
and they become mere tools in the hands
of sordid, fiendish passion. . . .
Wealth has a tempting and drawing
quality. It bewilders the sight of its
charmed victims with showy appearances
and draws them on and on to the edge
of yawning chasms. It makes a person
self-centered, self-occupied, forgetful of
God and of holy things.
On the other hand there are souls who

