16 STAR OF THE VVEST
the government of the world so as to
create an ideal civilization, and he says
We are to do this through the study of
reality, the promotion of universal fel-
lowship, the inculcation of divine love
through the power of religion, the aban-
do-nment of religious, racial, patriotic
and political prejudices, and in all those
pathways leading to perfection which he
points out so clearly and beautifully.
In Abdul-Baha's teaching, we cannot-
separate religion from lifc--as soon as
that is done religion becomes a theology.
True religion is the foundation of per-
fect government, but this religion is t'he
feeling of the heart, not an established
hierarchy.
Speaking of the enjoyment of the ani-
mal world in this remarkable essay,
Abdul-Baha goes on: "Such then is the
happiness of the animal World. But
the happiness of the human World comes
from the virtues of the world of hu-
manity, which enjoyment the animals
know not of. That comes from the ex-
tension of the range of vision, the ex-
cellencies of the world of humanity; the
love of God, the knowledge of God,
equality between the people, justice and
equity and ideal communication between
hearts."
While in the United States in 1912,
Abdul-Baha foretold the outbreak of the
great war in 1914, and said it would be
followed by the formation of a World
council, to which all countries would
send delegates, with power to settle in-
ternational difficulties, which would re-
sult in a permanent peace. He said the
twentieth century is the century of fed-
eration and that all the world Would be-
come united i11 a bond so close that war
would be impossible, governments and
laws would be changed everywhere for
the betterment of humanity, poverty
would be eliminated, and justice would
reign in human affairs more completely
than had ever been possible in previous
times.
He seemed to have perfect faith in
the ability of the United States to main-
tain peace in the period of the terrible
war which was imminent, and said it
was her destiny to be "the peacemaker
of the world," and that she would be
the first of the great nations to establish
ideal social conditions. He revealed a
number of most beautiful prayers for
this commonwealth, of which the follow-
ing is one:
God, let this American Democracy
become glorious in spiritual degrees,
even as it has aspired to material de-
grees,--and render this great govern-
ment victorious, confirm this revered 11a-
tion to hoist the standard of the one-
ness of humanity, promulgate the Most
Great Peace, to become thereby most
glorious and praisewo-rthy among all the
nations of the world."
The conclusion of the article in the
Asiatic Quarterly contains a glorious
promise for the future of humanity,
which gives us hope that in the coming
time we shall be able to incorporate, into
our material civilization, those elements
which will make it representative of the
divine teaching we have received and of
that love which will fully drive out in-
justice:
"In this age his holiness Baha'o'llah
has breathed the holy spirit into the dead
body of the world; consequently every
weak soul is strengthened by these fresh
divine out-breathings--every poor man
will become rich, every darkened soul
will become illumined, every ignorant
one will become wise, because the confir-
mations of the holy spirit are descend-
ing like torrents. A new era of divine
consciousness is upon us. The world of
humanity is going through a process of
transformation. A new race is being
developed. The thoughts of human
brotherhood are permeating all regions.
New ideals are stirring the depths of
hearts and a new spirit of universal
consciousness is being profoundly felt by
all men."
Ma/ry Hemfo-rd Ford.

