STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE-, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post office at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March ii, 1879.
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add sufiicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BA1-IA.
thou Star of the West! rt: IS cool
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and Shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper _of_ the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness!
A
7 7 ABBAS.
Vol. ]alal1,73(April9,1917) g_ No.2
Tidings from from Elinor I-Iiscox
BEGINNING the winter of 1911-12,
my chief work has been with the
advanced student class, all of whom
speak English fluently. I felt led by the
spirit to invite two, whom I knew,' to
come to me. Much impressed by what
was said, they wished to bring their
friends. The number gradually increased
until the group became so largo that we
had to divide it and two evenings every
week my room would be filled with these
earnest seekers for truth. The presence
of the spirit was evident' and I prayed
much for them individually. Some of
these students became devoted Bahais
and attained the blessing of seeing
Abdul-Baha at Ramleh. These have be-
come active workers in the Cause and
they continue to lead their friends to
know the truth of Baha'o'llah. After
the students graduate from the higher
schools and colleges at Cairo, many go to
smaller towns as lawyers, teachers, or to
fill other positions. With some of them,
I correspond regularly to keep them in
touch with Bahai influences.
One of my best helpers in the Cause
graduated from the law college hero and
is now a successful lawyer. He has a
clear and penetrative mind, with great
capacity for receiving the Truth and im-
parting it to others, and for meeting any
arguments or doubts which may arise in-
the inquirer. Through his influence,
many young men have been brought to
inc and have accepted the Bahai mes-
sage. Among them were his two broth-
ers, who have become devoted to the
Cause, and these three brothers are now
among the best known Bahais and work-
ers in Egypt. Upon the invitation of
Abdul-Baha, one of them visited him at
Haifa, and Abdul-Baha re-ques-ted him to
have regular weekly Bahai meetings at
his house in Alexandria, where he is a
teacher in one of the government schools.
I have seen much of his young wife and
she also has become a sincere Bahai.
One devout young soul, who heard and
accepted the message only during the
past year, a telegraph operator in an-
other town, has won such a spiritual in-
fluence over his associates that several of
them also have become ardent Bahais.
Much of the time I am the only west-
ern Bahai in Egypt and the demands
upon mo are incessant and varied. . To
instruct inquirers, strengthen tho weak
or doubting ones, visit the ill and suffer-
ing, give advicc and counsel, encourage
and aid in the education of girls, seek
positions of cmploymelit, apply for help

