STAR OF THE WEST 119
ignorance. Unity, or the Bahai Move-
ment, is the sea in which that ship can
now be launched.
Long ago it was said that the proper
study of mankind is man. Man, how-
ever, exemplifies" all degrees of existence
from the lowest animal up. To study
man in general is to find abundant
proofs for every Opinion about life. The
proper study of mankind is really Man
~--the Revelator, the Mirror in which our
true attributes can be beheld.
RELIGION MUST BE THE CAUSE OF UNITY IN THE HUMAN WORLD
From Talk by Mr. Howard MacNutt at Boston.
THIS is the Cycle of Definition ;--not
only have the meanings of the proph-
ecies, terms and symbols of the heavenly
books become manifest, but now is. the
time of clear vision, real perception and
accurate observation. A few years ago,
standing in the Lick observatory upon
the summit of Mt. Hamilton in Gal-
ifornia, looking out into the starry
abysses, a.n astronomer said to me, "To-
night definition is perfect; all the con-
stellations are visible." In this day of
inner perception and spiritual vision,
standing in the lofty height of the Uni-
versal Manifestation, Baha'o'llah, We
behold the divine Manifestations as one
in the heaven of the Will o-f God, each
constellation clear, distinct and shining
in its own time and place, but all co-
ordinated in the oneness of an infinite
perfection.
Baha'o'llah is the object-glass of our
spiritual telescope; Abdul-Baha is the
lens or eye-piece through whom when
focused we View not his person-
ality, but the light of the Abha splen-
dor' streaming through him.
Religion then is the revealed will of
God b-y the light of which the conscious
of man is quickened into intuitive rec-
ognition of the divine plan and Coven-
ant. The natal hunger of human con-
sciousness proves this knowledge must be
revealed. Therefore the W'o-rd is made
flesh only in the human kingdom.
Religion has been considered as codes
of philosophical explanation and the-
ological interpretation. In reality these
have been satanic fancies. The very an-
tithesis of true religion, are therefore the
cause of disunion and hatred. Still the
fact of the Word proclaims "Religion
must be the cause of unity in the human
world."
Each Manifestation has sounded the
true diapaso-n harmony of the inner and
outer' spheres. Mankind wanders away
from the pitch, becomes dissonant, then
another Manifestation sounds the orig-
inal chord, summoning the world again
to the true harmony.
This is the cycle of spiritual democ-
racy. \Ve are in the evolutionary times
of transition from autocracy to democ-
racy; from theocracy to individual re-
sponsibility of service and greater meas-
ure o-f judgment. It is the cycle of
universal problems and universal solu-
tions. The various systems of religious
belief Were not intended to unite before
this day of God. Rivers mingle in their
outlet with the ocean, but not in their
courses. The barriers or watersheds are
the concealed ordinances and ceremonials.
The materials for the divine temple of
unity are now assembled. They cannot
build themselves together into the plan of
the Architect. The Architect himself does
not build the structure. There must be
a master builder who combines the ma-
terials in obedience to the Architect's in-
tention. This master-builder is the Cen-
ter of the Covenant through whom a
creative cosmic constructive power is
now manifesting itself. At the point of
boiling, every atom of Water is in intense
agitation; then a new element, steam,
appears. We are at the climax of ebulli-
tion.
Once I saw thousands of fishes
stranded in pools upon the beach. They
could not reach the ocean nor reach one
another. I tried to help them, but not
until the great ocean tide itself came in

