STAR OF THE WEST 23
for the needy, comfort the afflicted,--all
of these involve an endless amount. of
visits, interviews and letter-writing. And
I have this year helped to collect and
have sent funds from the Egyptian Ba-
hais to the Mashrak-El-Azkar in Amer-
ica. As I usually pass the summers at
Alexandria and Ramleh, my field of ser-
vice lies also there.
It is all God's Work, not mine, and
through much faith and prayer, I am
only a channel for the spirit of God to
work through.
Elinor Hiscox.
The Divine Art of Living--Chapter Three
(Continued from page 21)
hale the perfumes of the rose garden of
bounty, the pur=e heart becomes the mir-
ror of the beauty of truth. This is why
in the heavenly books the divine coun-
sels and commands have been compared
to Water. So, in the Koran it is said:
"And We have ca.used a pure Water to
descend from heaven"; and -in the
Gospel, "Except a man ha.s received the
baptism of Water and of the spirit he
cannot enter into the kingdom of God."
Then it is evident that the divine teach-
ings are the heavenly grace and the
showers of the mercy of God which
purify the hearts of men.
The meaning is in all conditions clean-
liness and sanctity, purity and delicacy
exalt humanity and make the contingent
beings progress.
Even when applied to physical things
delicacy causes the attainment of spir-
ituality as it is established in the holy
scriptures.
External cleanliness although it is but
a. physical thing has great influence upon
spirituality. For example, although
sound is but the vibration of the air
which affects t'he typanum of the ear
and although vibrations of the air are
but an accident among the accidents
which depend upon the air, deeply con-
sider how the marvelous notes of a
charming song influence the spirits! A
wonderful song gives Wings to the spirit
and fills the heart With exaltation.
I return to the subject that the fact
of having a. pure and spotless body like-
wise exercises an influence upon the
spirit of man. Now see how much pur-
ity is approved in the court of God that
it should be especially mentioned in the
holy books of the prophets! So the holy
books forbid the eating of any unclean
things or the use of anything which is
not pure. Certain prohibitions are ab-
so-lute and imperative for all; he Who
commits that which is forbidden is de-
tested by God and is excluded from the
number of the elect. This applies to
the things forbidden b=y an absolute pro-
hibition, the perpetration of which is a
grave sin; they are so vile that even
to mention them is shame-ful. There
are other forbidden things which do not
cause an immediate evil and Whose per-
nicious effect is only gradually produced.
T'hey are also abhorred, blamed and re-
jected by God but their prohibition is
not recorded in an absolute Way though
cleanliness and sanctity, spotlessness and
purity, the preservation of health and
independence are required by these in-
terdictions.
One of these last prohibitions is the
smoking of tobacco which is unclean,
malodorous, disagreeable and vulgar
and of which the gradual harmfulness is
universally recognized. All -clever physi-
cians have judged and have also shown
by experiment that one of the constit-
uents of tobacco is a mortal poison and
that smokers are exposed to different in-
dispo-sitions and maladies. . . .
I Wish to say that, in the sight of
God, the smoking of tobacco is a thing
Which is blamed and condemned, very
unclean and the result is by degrees
injurious. Besides it is a cause of ex-
pense and of loss of time and it is a
harmful habit. So, for those who are
firm in the Covenant it is a thing dis-
countenanced by the reason and by tra-
dition, the renouncement: o-f Which
giveth gradual repose and tranquillity,

