STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall hecomc one in
faith and all menas brothers; that the bonds of afiection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened,
that dlversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled: So it shall be; these fruitless strifes;
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Ola 1, 73 (March 2, 1918) No. 19
"This is the conduct and manners of
the people of Baha.
#75
Vllo-rds of Abdul-Baha: Compiled from the Tablets of Abdul-Baha,
pages indicated.
YE sanctified souls It is the time
0 of firmness and steadfast-ness and
the period of arising in the service
of the Word of God, for the Blessed City
(Acca) is environed from all directions
with the tempestuous waves of tests and
trials and the sweeping hurricanes of
persecutions and hardships are blowing
and roaring high. The joy and happi-
ness of the heart of Abdul-Baha depends
upon the stability and constancy of the
believers. For they must live and act
in accord with the divine advices and
exhortations and show forth to each other
the power of the perfection of love with
infinite accord and unity, so that they
may become the embodiment of one
existence, the waves of one sea, the
of one rose-garden, the rays of
one sun, the stars of one horizon, the
fruits of one tree and the birds of one
meadow.
Likewise, they must treat with and
behave toward all the governments,
nations, communities, kings and subjects
with the utmost sincerity, trustworthi-
ness, straightforwardness, love and kind-
ness. Even they must make hopeful a
bloodthirsty enemy, show sympathy with
the utmost faithfulness and honor to the
perfidious unjust, know the ill-wisher as
the Well-wisher and torment not the sin-
ner With reproachcs. Should they be-
come the targets of a thousand arrows of
persecution, they must challenge it with
love and friendship and treat every one
with purity of purpose and kindness.
ye friends of God! Show ye an
endeavor that all the nations and com-
munities of the world, even the enemies,
put their trust, assurance and hope in
you that if a person falls into errors
for a hundred-thousand times he may yet
turn his face to you, hopeful that you
will forgive his sins; for he must not
become hopeless, neither grieved nor des-
pondent. This is the conduct and the
manners of the people of Baha'. This is
the foundation of the most high path-
way! Ye should conform your conduct
and manners with the advices of Abdul-
Baha. (pp. 435, 436.)
If any one of you enters a city he must
become the center of attraction because
of the sincerity, faithfulness, love,
honesty, fidelity, truthfulness and loving-
kindness of his disposition and nature
toward all the inhabitants of the world,
that the people of the city may all cry
out: "This person is unquestionably a
Bahai; for his manners, his behavior,
his conduct, his morals, his nature and
his disposition are of the attributes of
the Bahais." Until you do attain to
this station, you have not fulfilled the
Covenant and the Testament of God.
For according to the irrefutable texts,
he has taken from us a firm covenant
that We may live and act in accord with

