STAR OF THE VVEST 207
meant by it any one of the branches
besides Abdul-Baha, Baha'o'llah would
say: "There is only one 'Agha' and he
is Abbas Effendi [given name of Abdul-
Baha] and the Manifestation would
point to him at every important ques-
tion.
The Manifestation wrote the Ki-tmb-cZ-
Ah/d two years before his departure,
in which he said: The One-whom-God
hath-chosen is the Greatest Branch,
and he commanded the branches, the
twigs and kinsmen to turn their faces un-
to Him-wh0m-God-hath-chosen. "Agh-
san" 'means the branches of the Mani-
festation; "Afnan" means the branches
of The Bab. He said: "We have chosen
El-Akbar after El-Azam (El-Akbar-Mo-
hammcd-Ali) but he does not command
us to obey him or to turn our faces unto
him and there is nothing in the Kimb-
el-Akdas which refers to Mohammed-Ali,
and this Word "We have chosen" does
not give Mohammed-Ali any importance
or high station to enable him to be our
commander or master.
We must not be astonished that such
a choice was given by the Manifestation,
because the same thing took place
at the time of Christ, for instead of
choosing two branches, he chose twelve,
and it is impossible for us to say that
Christ did not know which one of those
branches would betray him. Neither
can we say: Why did the Manifestation,
knowing all things, choose Mohammed-
Ali after Abdul-Baha? Because Christ
also chose his twelve, and commanded
obedience to them, saying: "He who
gives them a glass of water, will have
a great reward in the Kingdom." So if
the same thing occurred in the past, you
must not be astonished at What takes
place in the present, for the two are
similar. But the only proof which will
make us understand this question, is this,
that God, according to His law, will
never pronounce any judgment or con-
demn anybody before one shows his dis-
obedience and commits the crime for
which he is to be judged; because, if
God would pass judgment upon all,
though some are good and some bad,
before. the good or bad actions are
exercised by us, there would be no neces-
sity whatever for laws, statutes or or-
dinances, and because God does not judge
anybody before good or bad actions are
produced. He chooses some to be his
people, and then he waits for their
actions to prove whether they are good
or bad. As Christ chose his disciples
and said to them: am the the vine,
and you are clean through the Word
which I have spoken, but every branch
which does' not bring forth good fruit,
will be cut off," so also, the Manifesta-
tion chose the branches and declared
they would be the best of people if they
continued to be under the shadow of the
Tree. In several tablets, he said: "Any
one of the branches who departs from
the shadow of the Tree, will be cut off."
Besides there is a special tablet which
was revealed by the Manifestation to
Mohammed-Ali, in which he says:
"Shouldst thou deviate from the right
path fo-r an instant, thou shalt be cut
ofi."
(Words of Mirza Abul Fazl: From
notes of Mrs. Sara Herron at Acca, in
1900.)
If one of my sons should exceed be-
yond the ordinances of God, by God, my
shall not turn to him at all, and to
this bear witness all the just and in-
formed. 34)
(Words of Baha'o'llah: Prayers, In-
structions, Tablets and Miscellany gath-
ered by American visitors to Acca in
1900.)
 1
Fear not if this Branch be severed
from the material earth and cast aside
its leaves, for this Branch will grow after
it is cut from the earth and Will ascend
until it shelters the universe; its foliage
will reach to the Supreme Apex and
bear fruit imparting fragrance to the
world.
(Abdul-Baha: From booklet, Abdul-
Baha.)
(Continued on page 209)

