STAR OF THE WEST 131
The convention continued the call of
the assemblies which was responded to
by the delegates or alterna.te-s, giving re-
ports in detail of the work and progress
of the Cause in their respective as-sem-
blies and vicinities.
On motion of Mr. Hannen, the con-
vention unanimously adopted resolutions
expressing the appreciation of the Unity
of 'the life, character and Work of Dr.
Zamenhof, the author of Esperanto-, and
its sympathy with Es-perantists through-
out the world in the loss sustained in his
recent death, and directing copy of the
resolution to be sent to his Widow, family
and the Esperanto Association of North
America and the other Esperanto asso-
ciations of the world.
The secretary of the Unity reported
that two-thirds of the assemblies had
voted in favor of the amendments to the
constitution. The chair thereupon de-
clared that the two-thirds assent required
by the constitution in favor of the amend-
ment had been voted; that the amend-
ments had been carried and adopted and
had become a part of the constitution of
the Unity.
-The secreta.ry of the Unity was direct-
ed to prepare a copy of the constitution,
including all amendments thereto, to
date, and to publish the same, if feasible,
or to furnish each assembly and members
of the executive boa-rd and interested
persons with copies.
The follo-Wing resolutions Were
adopt-ed:
I. Resolved, That every Bahai as-
sembly novv a member of this Unity be
required, within ninety days, to file
a certificate of registration with the
secretary of the Unity, in the follow-
ing form substantiallyassembly
does hereby register a.s a member of
the Bahai Temple Unity of Illinois,
and does hereby designate . . . . . . . . .
. .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
..as duly elected
delegate to represent said assembly
during the year.
(SignedSecretary.
II. Resolved, That any Bahai as-
sembly, now a member of Bahai Tem-
ple Unity, which shall not Within said
period, file a certificate of registration
(that is, within ninety days as above
provided) shall be deemed to have
abandoned its membership in Bahai
Temple Unity, and that the secretary
of the Unity shall forthwith send Writ-
ten notice to each and every Bahai
assembly now a member of this Unity
of the pl'0VlSl0IlS of this resolution.
The following by-laws were unani-
mously adopted:
Any Bahai assembly may become a
member of this Unity in the follow-
ing manner:
1. It shall duly authorize, at a regu-
lar meeting t_-hereof, an application in
substantially the following form:
The Bahai assembly hereby certifies that, at a regular
meeting thereof, it Was resolved to be-
come a member of the Bahai Temple
Unity, a corporation of Illinois, under
and i11 accordance With its constitu-
tion and by-laws.
The delegate who is hereby author-
ized to represent this assembly, in ac-
cordance vvith the constitution and by-
laws of the Unity, until further no-
tice is s-ent or given.
Name . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. .
Address . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. .
Secretary'
The application shall be sent to the
secretary of the Unity a11d shall be
presented by the secretary to the ex-
ecutive board for investigation and
verification of the facts stated in the
application. The executive board shall
be entitled to ask for and to obtain
any further information which it may
desire, and may advise the applying
assembly of its apparent acceptance,
subject to final approval by the con-
vention; but, in case o-f becoming con-
vinced that, in the interest of the Ba-
hai movement, the acceptance of such
assembly is inadvisable, the executive
board shall notify the applying assem-

