110 STAR OF
to What to do for the children because
We did not know enough about it; and
if you had seen theshower of letters that
came to us! you would realize that the
time has come.
This matter is so near our hearts that
we desire to have some definite action
taken, so that We can go forward imme-
diately With the Work. Mrs. Joseph H.
Hannen, When in Acca, received some
very Wonderful instructions from Abdul-
Baha regarding the teaching of children.
She has this material and material is
coming into Cambridge from all over the
land. I move that a committee be formed
of possibly nine members for the collec-
tion of material to be put into some
definite form Which Will prove of assist-
ance all over the World, Which will
meet the needs not only of very little
children, but the children Who are in dif-
ferent degrees of unfolding. If We had
a group of nine Workers to- draw from
all the Writings of Baha'o'llah and
Abdul-Baha Whatever there is on this
subject, possibly then When the commit-
tee Was brought together they could re-
duce it to a committee of three and get
the matter into so-me definite booklet or
serial form."
The motion was seconded and carried
unanimously, Mrs. Hannen being made
chairman.
Mr. Hannen, Who received the instruc-
tions With Mrs. Hannen at Acca, men-
tioned that those instructions Were par-
ticularly to the effect that the V\Tords of
Baha'o'llah, such as the Words of Wis-
dom and Hidden Words, be made the
basis of the teachings--"the~ Very Words
that We have thought the deepest and
the part that We Would need to bring
to them last." But those Were the in-
structions.
M. Eshte'al-Ebn Kalanter said that
Abdul-Baha had told him on several dif-
ferent occasions that We all look to the
next generation. Bahais of today have
brought in With them their prejudices
and it is a mighty task for each of them
THE WEST
to Withstand the tests which are con-
stantly nourished by these shades of bias;
Whereas the new generation Will be free
from this handicap, not having had any
teachings of the schools of religion pre-
ceding Baha'o'1lah, they Will look upon
all humanity as equal before God.
M. Kalanter also said that Mr. and
Mrs. Hannen will be considered the par-
ents of the Bahai Sunday School idea
in America.
Mr. Harlan F. Ob-er told of Bahai
night schools in India Where young
people attending other day schools are
taught Bahai principles in the evening.
Bahai B00705 in Lzhraries.
Mr. Joseph H. Hannen gave an ac-
count of the placing of Bahai books in
the leading libraries of America. A list
of several hundred public libraries, rep-
resenting a. rather complete list from the
Library of Congress Was circularized in
regard to Bahai books. In several in-
stances large libraries such as that at
Princeton, purchased at the full cata-
logue price such of the books they
did not have. Other libraries Willing to
accept them Were furnished With books.
Mr. Hannen gave special praise to Mr.
Ober, Mr. Harris, Mr. Remey and Miss
Elizabeth Hopper for their help. Near-
ly six' hundred copies oi Mr. Remey's
two books are in American public li-
braries. The Shirazi family of Rangoon,
Burma, had translations of these two
books made by the hundreds for distri-
bution in the Orient.
Some Beautiful Messages.
Some great meetings in the southland
Were spoken of by Mr. Louis G. Gregory
and a new b-ut radiant Bahai, Mr. Sam-
uel Tait. One point made by Mr. Greg-
ory Was: "Abdul-Baha, in his tablet
that Was revealed since the War began,
says that the hearts of the people are in
a marvelous state of receptivity, and in
traveling about through the country one
finds just this condition. He describes

