144 STAR-OF
to one another's wants. I a.m the servant
of the friends of God.
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab, August 5, 1913.)
ii
Abdul-Baha said the story of Mary
and the ointment has a deep spiritual
significance. The bottle which contained
perfumed oil (ointment) represents the
heart of Mary. The ointment is the love
of God which filled her heart, and all
this love she poured forth at the feet.of
Jesus. Then Judas said, "Why did she
lavish all this love upon Jesus, who did
not need it so much as the poor? Why
did she not pour so-me of this great love
and care upon them?" Then Jesus said
that she did well to give him all her
love.
That is what we ought to do. We
must give all our heart's love to God,
then for His sake and through our love
for Him, we shall love all others. By
"the poor" in this sense, is meant those
who needed love. Baha'o'llah said.
"The poor among you are My trust."
Therefore we must always cherish the
poor for his sake.
(Abdul-Baha: Notes of Miss Rosen-
berg, Acca, 1901.)

As long as ye can, strive to set aglo-W
the hearts with love; be attracted to one
another and be members of one body.
Every soul of the beloved ones must
honor the others, and withhold not his
possessions and life from them, and by
all means he must endeavor to make the
others joyous and happy. But the others
(the recipients of such love) must also
be disinterested and life-sacrificing.
Thus may this sunrise flood the hori-
zons, this melody gladden and make
happy all the people, this divine remedy
become the panacea for every disease,
this spirit of reality become the cause of
life for every soul.
(Abdul-Baha.)
THE WEST
Another commandment give I unto
you! That ye love- one another as I
love you. Great mercy and blessings
are promised to the people of your land,
but on one condition; that their hearts
be filled with the fire of lo-ve, that they
live in perfect kindness and harmony,
like one soul in different 
one soul in difierent bodies. If they
fail in this condition, the great bless-
ings will be deferred. Never forget this:
Look at one another with the of
perfection. Look at me, follow me, be
as I am. Take no thought for your-
selves o-r your ye eat, or
Whether ye sleep, whether ye are com-
fortable, whether ye are Well or ill,
whether ye have friends or- foes. For all
of these things ye must not care at all.
Look must
die to yours-elves and to the world; so
shall ye be born again and enter the
kingdom of heaven. Behold a candle,
how it gives. its light. It weeps its life
away, drop by drop, in order to give
forth its flame of light.
(Abdul-Baha: From_An Early Pil-
gr/image.)
Know thou that there is in the world
of existence a center for each great mat-
ter and bounties shower from that
center.
For instance, in the circle of the sun,
the sun is: the center of the light. Like-
wise there is a real center for pure love
a.nd now that Center is manifest in this
World from which the lights of love re-
flect to all parts of the universe.
If thou partake but one ray from that
Center thou wilt become self-suificient
from the world, finding a new condition
and witnessing an exaltation which over-
s-hadows all the existence.
Pray God that thou mayst catch with
all thy exertion the lights o-f the love
from that Center.
(Tablet of Abdul-Baha to Miss Harriet
Wise; received September, 1905.)

