134- STAR OF THE WEST
Words, the Glad-T~id-tags, the- Hidden
Words, the Seven Valleys, and other
translated and published of the
Blessed Perfection--liliewise the new
leaflet Written by his honor, Mr.
Remey, giving the twelve principles
of the Gause--print, publish and cir-
culate these books and pamphlets
Whenever necessary. But other books
and pamphlets and those newly Writ-
ten or composed by the fnic-nds must
be carefully read and thoroughly ex-
amined by a committee of the blessed
believers in the aamual Convolution of
the Mashrak-cl-Azkar. If, in accord-
ance with the majority of votes they
deem these publications advisable, they
may print and circulate them; other-
Wise they may Wait until the way is
opened and they may forward them
to the Holy Land for correction.
"All manuscripts or writings coming
within the scope of the tablet should
be sent to the chairman, Miss Masson,
and will receive early and thorough con-
sideration. 
Faithfully yours in His Name,
Alfred Lunt.
The Divine Art of Living--Chapter VII
(Continued from page 127)
bond which is a basis for love. The-re
is the racial cause which is at source of
love. There is the political one which is
the cause of love and unity. Partner-
ship in business is one sort of connec-
tion.
But there is no bond like the love of
God, for the love of God is the bond
eternal, and outside of it there are only
temporary ones.
The love of God is that peculiar bond
which is not subject to corruption;
Whereas, other bonds, other loves, are
subject to instantaneous corruptive
changes. For the least cause such an-
other love might be changed into hate.
It owes its origin to- a cause; when the
cause is removed, the efiect Will. like-
Wise disappear.
But the love of God is not dependent
upon material causes. For example, our
assemblage here is absolutely free from
any of the petty causes.
(Abdul-Baha: A ewvenly Feast; p. 30.)
There are two kinds of love, one uni-
versal and one individual. You must
love humanity in order to uplift and help
humanity. Even if they kill you, you
must love them. Individual love cannot-
be forced and you are not called upon to
love everybody personally, but if they
are in your lives see to it that they are
means of your development and that
you are means of their development
through your universal love for them.
(Abdul-Baha: Unity Through Love; p.
26.)
ii.
Question: "How can one love an-
other Whose personality is unpleasant'"l"
Answer: "We are creatures of the
same God. We must therefore love all
as children of God even though they are
doing us harm. Christ loved his perse-
cutors. It is possible for us to attain
to that love. God manifested his love
by creatingt man in His own image.
Man must manifest his love by develop-
ing himself and others more and more
in the image of God. The true fruit of
man is, therefore, love. The purpose of
a tree is to produce fruit. Man is like
a tree; his fruit should be love."
(Abdul-Baha: Unity Through Love,' p.
27.)
A new commandment I give unto you,
That ye love one another; as I have
loved you, that ye also love one another.
(Jesus the Christ.)
I met a man this morning who be-
longs to a sect of Buddhists and I said

