STAR OF THE WEST 77
men were victorious, inflicting blood-
shed, death and ruin in turn upon the
invaders. So it continued for two cen-
turies alternately fighting With fury and
relaxing from weakness until the Euro-
pean religionists withdrew from the
East, leaving ashes of desolation behind
them and finding their own nations in
a condition of turbulence and upheaval.
For hundreds of thousands of human
beings have been killed and untold
Wealth Wasted in fruitless warfare. How
many fathers mourned the loss of their
sons! I-low many mothers a.nd Wives
bemoaned the absence of their dear ones!
Yet this was only one of the "holy"
Wars. Consider and reflect.
For religious Wars have been many.
Nine hundred thousand to the
Protestant Cause was the record of con-
flict and diiference between that sect of
Christians and the Catholics. Consult
history and confirm this. How many
languished in prisons! merciless
the treatment of captives! All in the
name of religion! Consider and esti-
mate the outeome of other Wars between
the people and sects of religious belief.
From the beginning of human history
down to this time the world of humanity
has not enjoyed a day of absolute rest
and relaxation from conflict and strife.
Most of the wars have been caused by
religious prejudice, fanaticism and sec-
tarian hatred. Religionists have ana-
thematized religio-nists, each considering
the other as deprived of the mercy of
God, abiding in gross darkness and the
children of Sat-an. For example, the
Christians and Mohammedans; consid-
ered the Jews satanic and the enemies
of God. Therefore they cursed and per-
secuted them. Great numbers of Jews
Were killed, their houses burned and pil-
laged, their children carried into cap-
tivity. The Jews in turn regarded the
Christians as infidels, and the Moham-
medans as enemies and destroyers of the
Law of Mos-es. Therefore they call
down vengeance upon them and curse
them even to this day.
Consider What injuries, ordeals and
calamities have been inflicted by human-
ity since the beginning of history. Ev-
ery city, country, nation and people has
been subjected to the destruction and
havoc of war. Each one of the divine
religions considers itself as belonging
to a goodly and blessed tree,--the tree
of the Merciful, and other religious sys-
tems as belonging to a tree of evil,-the
tree of Satan. For this reason they heap
exec-ration and abuse upon one another.
This is clearly apparent in books of his-
torical record and prevailed until the
time of the appearance of His Holiness
Baha'o'llah.
"Then the light of Baha'o'llah dawn-
ed from the East, He proclaimed the
promise of the oneness of humanity.
He addressed all mankind, saying: "Ye
are all the fruits of one tree. There are
not two trees,--one a tree of divine
mercy, the other the tree of Satan."
Again he said, "Ye are all the fruits
of one tree, the leaves of one branch."
This Was his announcement; this Was
his promise of the oneness of the World
of humanity. Anathema and execration
were utterly abrogated. He said, "It
isnot becoming in man to curse another;
--it is not befitting that man should at-
tribute darkness to another is not
meet that one human being should ever
consider another human being as bad,
-nay rather, all mankind are the serv-
ants of one God;--God is the Father of
is 11ot a single exception to
that law. There are no people of Satan;
--all belong to the Merciful. There is
no darkness ;--a1l is light. All are the
servants of God, and man must love all
humanity from his heart. He must ver-
ily behold all humanity as submerged
in the divine mercy."
Baha-'o-'llah has made no BXOep'ti0n to
this rule. 'He said that among mankind
there may be those Who are ignorant;
they must be trained. Some are sick;
they must be treated. Some are imma-
ture; they must be helped to attain ma-
turity. In other respects all humanity

