STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened.
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes;
these ruinous Wars shall pass away, and the Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Baha 1, 73 (March 21, 1917) No. 1
The Economic Teaching of Abdul-Baha
BY MARY HANFORD FORD
HE reader of this article may Won-
der at the importance attributed
to the teachings and utterances of
Abdul-Baha, and a word of explanation
in regard to his position in the world
may no-t be inopportune. He is the
leader of the Bahai movement, a great
center of progressive thought, which had
its origin in the illumined message of
Ali Mohammed, later called the Bab,
given to the Persian people in 1844. The
Bab was martyred by the Persian gov-
ernment in 1850, as he was considered
a dangerous heretic from the Mohamme-
dan point of view, and Mo-hammedanism
is a state religion. As is natural in such
cases, any deviation from the established
faith becomes in a way treasonable in
the conception of the government. Be-
fore this tragic event took place, how-
ever, the Bab had fully proclaimed his
mission and prophecies. Foreseeing his
own end, he told the people that he him-
self was but the herald of the new day,
which would center in the remarkable
Revelator to follow him, who would be
the messenger of God for this period,
and whom he always spoke of under the
title of the Glory of God, or Baha'o'llah.
He declared that Baha'o'llah would
bring peace and unity to mankind, and
revive the true knowledge of God in alI
the world.
The essentials of human progress were
included and insisted upon in the mes-
sage of the Bab; and Baha'o'llah, who
followed him, has written eloquent pages
outlining the tendencies of future civili-
zation. The Bahai movement which for
many years has been a. growing power
in the Orient, in spite of t'he cruel per-
secution of governments, has at length
penetrated the western world, and shows
clearly that the ethical ideals of our most
advanced western economics Were gen-
erated and came to expression years ago,
in the minds of these illuminated eastern
teachers.
According to the teaching of these su-
preme educators, messengers of.~God have
been coming to the world from the begin-
ning of creation, and their province is
to refresh the soul of man as it grows
cold to the love of God, and restore its
sensitiveness to- the breath of the holy
spirit. Thus Moses came, Zoroaster,
Mohammed, Christ came, and today the
inspiring and ever necessary message has
been given once more by the trinity of
Persian teachers, who bring a universal
teaching, through which all the races of
mankind will be enlightened.
Abdul-Baha is the son of Baha'o'llah.
He was imprisoned when only nine years
old, at the time when his father was
seized With his entire family and his
immense property confiscated, simply be-
cause he had openly become a follower
of the Bab, and a believer in the One-
ness of God and humanity.
The Bahai conception is that three
persons are always combined in the an-
nunciation of a divine message. As
Christ was heralded by John the Baptist,
and followed by Peter, Moses was pres-
aged by his herald, and followed by

