STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened,
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes;
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Elm 1, 73 (October 16, 1917) No. 12
Letter of Invitation to the Centennial Festival to be held
in Chicago, November 10-12, 1917
Dear Friends 
The One Hundredth Anniversary of the birth of His Holiness, Baha'o'1lah,
approaches. The day is anticipated by the Bahais of the World as an occasion
for the universal proclamation of the supreme mission of that great and radiant
Manifestation.
And, that the Message of Baha'o'llah--that dynamic Message of love for
all peoples and races, that great, unifying Messagt-:--sha1l fittingly be acclaimed,
on this significant occasion, the House of Sipirituality, in behalf of the Bahai
Assembly of Chicago, calls you to- participate in the commemoration of the day.
God, in His bounty, has given, through the Revelation of Baha'o'llah, the
spiritual remedy for the sick body of the World. God, in His mercy to humanity,
through the B-ab, the herald of the Kingdom; through the appointment of a
supreme Center, Abdul-Baha, to whom, after the passing of Baha'o'llah, all
should turn, without deviation, has fulfilled all the prophecies of the Holy Books.
So great a Message the Bahais of the World are charged to- deliver.
Let the Centennial Celebration be, in reality, a festival of love. And 
this Twelfth Day of November, 1917, be forever remembered in the annals of the
Bahai Movement. 
Let this gathering demonstrate to the World the power of the Message of
Baha'o'llah to dispel all superstitions of the past; to unite the hearts of humanity
and bring them into direct harmony with the divin-e- Will.
A program of great beauty and attraction has been prepared. Prominent
speakers from the various Assemblies of America will be in attendance. And
altogether .the occasion Will be one of complete joy and fragrance.
The presence of the friends in great numbers is desired, that the light of
their faces and the love in their hearts may impress the World with the truth
of the Message and the Mission of Baha/o'llah.
Through the courtesy of the STAR or THE Wnsr, We shall be able to see
again the moving pictures of Abdul-Baha, as he Walked among us, during his
visit to America, in 1912. 
On Monday, the Anniversary Day, a pilgrimage to the Temple Grounds,
Weather permitting; the Convention of Teaching and the illustrated exposition
of the Mashrak-el-Azkar, emphasizing its tremendous significance to the World,
will close What We believe will be one of the most memorable festivals of the
Bahai Calendar.
Come! And indicate your intention to do so, by Writing at once to that
effect to the Secretary of the House of Spirituality, 56 East Congress Street,
Chicago.
Faithfully yours, in the service of El-Abha,
Carl Secretary.

