88 STAR OF THE WEST
the spirit is not affected. The spirit is
ever the same; no change or transforma-
tion can you perceive, and because there
is no change or transformation, it is
everlasting and permanent.
Consider man while in the state of
sleep; it is evident that all his parts
and members are at a standstill, are
functionless. His does not see, his ear
does not hear, his feet and hands are
motionless, but, nevertheless, he does see
in the world of dreams, he does hear, he
speaks, he walks, he may even fly in an
aeroplane. Therefo-re it becomes evident
that though the body be dead yet the
spirit is permanent. Nay, the percep-
tions may be keener when man 's body is
asleep, the flight may be higher, the
hearing may be better; all the functions
a.re there and yet the body is at a stand-
still. Hence it is proof that there is a
spirit in the man and in this spirit there
is no distinction as to whether the body
be asleep or absolutely dead and depend-
ent. The spirit is not incapacitated by
these conditions; it is not bereft of its
existence, it is not bereft of its perfec-
tions. The proofs are n1a.ny-innumer-
able.
These are all rational proofs. Nobody
can deny them. As we have shown there
is a spirit and that this spirit is per-
manent and ever-lasting, we must strive
to learn o-f it. May you become in-
formed of this spirit, hasten to render
it divine, to have it become sanctified
and holy, and that it may become the
very light of the world illumining the
East and the West.
(Words of Abdul-Baha, Star of the
West, Vol. IV, No. 7.)
(Continued on page 96)
Recent Tablet from Abdul-Baha
To Miss Jean Masson, Chicago
thou respected one, a herald of the Kingdom of God!
The a.rticle that thou hast writtenf concerning the Mashrak-el-Azkar con-
tained eloquent paragraphs a.nd wonderful and subtle significances. At the
time of writing the power of attraction was manifest and apparent -and the real
Teacher was instructing and inspiring. Consequently, it was composed in the
utmost fluency and eloquence.
Today, whosoever turns his face toward the Lord of the Kingdom and,
with sincere intention, taking the pen in his hand, engages his time in writing,
there is no doubt that the Holy Spirit shall confirm him and the power of the
Kingdom of God shall instruct him.
Therefore, rest thou assured in the divine graces and occupy thy time with
the utmost power and seriousness in writing and composition, in talking and
explanation.
Consider, how in former ages a number of women became confirmed and
assisted in the demonstration of faith and assurance and how in this mortal
world they left behind immortal names.
In the world of existence there are no greater women than the queens of
empires. Materia.lly they have reached the highest station of womanhood and
gained great riches, infinite power a.nd glory. Notwithstanding all these advan-
tages, when they die and go under the earth, they disappear and become non-
existent. They leave behind no name, no trace, no fruit and no sign. But the
maid-servants of God who are outwardly in the utmost poverty a.nd imprisoned
by the people of oppression, humiliated and scoffed at by the outsiders, ere
long they will crown their heads with the diadem of the everlasting glory and
*Refers to article reproduced on pp. 89-96.

