154 STAR OF THE WEST
Christ did no-t mean that if a wolf
should fall upon a flock of sheep and
wish to destroy it that the wolf be
encouraged to do so. No, if Christ had
known that a wolf h-ad entered the fold
a.nd was about to destroy the sheep,
most certainly he would have- pre-
vented it. . . .
"The constitution of the communi-
ties depends upon justice, not upon
forgiveness. Then what Christ meant
by forgiveness and pardon is not that
when nations attack you, burn your
homes, plunder your goods, assault your
wives, children and relatives, and vio-
late your honor, you should be sub-mis-
sive in the presence of these tyrannical
foes and allow them to perform all
their cruelties and oppressions. No,
the Words of Christ refer to the con-
duct 0-f two individuals toward each
other: if one person assaults another
the injured one should forgive him;
but the communities must protect the
rights of man. So, if someone as-
saults, injures, oppresses and wounds
me, I will offer no resistance and I will
forgive him, but if a person wishes to
assault . . . . . (one who was present)
certainly I will prevent him. Although
for the malefactor non-interference is
apparently a kindness, it wou.ld be- an
oppression to . . . .
. 
Speaking o-f a similar situation to two
American pilgrims in Acca, Syria, many
years ago, Abdul-Baha said:
"(Under such circumstances) if I
should fail to make an effort to protect
you, I should be not only responsible
for your injury, but also guilty of con-
nivance with the enemy."
5. Again in the book entitled The
Mysterious Forces of Civilization, pub-
lished some forty years ago in the Orient,
Abdul-Baha said:
"War is sometimes the great foun-
dation of peace and destroying is the
cause of re-building. If, for example,
a great sovereign should wage war
a.gainst a threatening fo-e- or for the
unification of the whole body o-f peo-
ple and divided kingdo-m., he should
urge the steed of resolution into the
race-course of bravery and courage; in
short, his war may be attuned to the
melodies of peace; and then verily this
fury is kindness. itself and this oppres-
sion is the essence of justice itself and
this war is the source o-f re-concilia-
tion."
The foregoing extracts have clear ap-
plication to questions arising under the
present selective draft act, claims fo-r
exemption on the basis of belief, etc.
\/Ve deem this statement of interest to
the Government because the great prin-
ciple of Universal Peace is a fundamen-
tal principle of the Bahai movement. It
may be invoked in the utmost good faith
by conscientious objectors who are not
informed of the detailed applications to
the existing situation ab-ove quoted. On
the general principle of Universal Peace,
]3aha'o'llah said in 1889 to Professor E.
Brown of the University of Cam-
bridge:
"We desire but the good of the
world and the happiness of the na-
tions; yet they deem us a stirrer up of
strife and sedition worthy of bondage
and banishment. That all nations
should b-ecome one in faith and all men
as brothers; that the bo-nds 0-f affec-
tion and unity between the sons of men
should be strengthened; that diversity
of religion should cease and differences
of race be annulled ;--What harm is
there in this? Yet so it shall be; these
fruitless strifes, these ruinous wars
shall pass away and the 'Most Great
Peace' shall come. Is not this that
which Christ foretold? Yet do we see
your kings and rulers lavishing their
treasures more freely on means for the
destruction of the human race than
on that which would conduce to the
happiness of mankind. These strifes
and this bloodshed and discord must

