120 STAR OF
were they blended with it and brought
together in salvation and unity. This
unity of man in the revealed will of
God, is the bounty of God descending
upon those who now see the sign of the
THE WEST
Son of Man in the heaven of religion,
coming with his angels and servants to
quicken conscious perception of the
heavenly Covenant and its Center,
Abdul-Baha.
THE EQUALITY OF MEN AND WOMEN
Resume of Address by Mr. Louis G. Gregory at Boston
THE Day of God is the day of free-
dom for all the varied elements of
humanity. It ac-cords with divine justice
that each and_ all may develop their
powers without hindrance from their
fellows. Hand in hand with the one-
ness of humanity is the other prin-
ciple, the equality of men and women.
Humanity "cannot exist half-slave and
half-free." VVomen must be free in
order that men may be free. Consider-
ing the physical, mental and spiritual
effects: thralldom rests as heavily upon
the oppressor as upon the oppressed.
Are women inferior to men on the
physical plane? This proposition can-
not be scientifically proved. Instances
are multiplied where women perform the
tasks usually assigned to men with good
results. In this great cycle the latent
powers of women become more and more
patent. It becomes apparent that any
relative weakness on the part o-f women
can be corrected by proper exercise and
training. In the lo-Wer kingdoms, the
female is often more active and power-
ful than the male. With the opportuni-
ties now afforded to women for physical
culture, men who boast of physical prow-
ess may look to their laurels.
Are the sexes intellectually equal?
Although in past ages women who arose
to places of commanding influence were
rare and exceptional, yet a number of
such cases can be cited to prove their
inherent powers. In politics they have
successfully, ruled nations, inspiring
their subjects to growth and free-
dom. Their contributions to literature,
art and science have won fame and even
in war time they have been forces to be
reckoned with. Their right to vote
grows in public favor throughout the
world. I-Iere again any seeming in-
equality of the sexes>> yields to those op-
portunities for education which the new
cycle b-rings.
On the spiritual plane the attainments
of women cannot be questioned. The
thing speaks for itself. In nearly all
religions women are in the majority and
be it said to their eternal honor, they
do not exercise over men the tyranny
of a majority. How noble is- that mod-
esty, how spiritual is that trait, by which
they so often efface themselves and vote
men into office!
Many great women have arisen in the
world. Among the very greatest was
Kurrat-ul-Ayn, who was a follower of
the Bab and one of the nineteen Letters
of the Living. Beautiful, witty, learned,
she became, through divine power, a
brilliant star of reality, She spread the
light of God and wrought a marvel
toward the emancipation of women. She
sacrificed life and more than life, in the
path of Cod. Traces of her glorious
service may now be found in all parts
of the world.
The greatest attribute of God is His
justice. The Most Great Peace will be
permanent because its basis is divine
justice. The equality of men and women
is a light of reality. The Bab, Baha'o'-
llah and Abdul-Baha, have in oneness
proclaimed this principle. The thing is
done which ought to be done. The light
shines, though the darkness doth not un-
derstand. In the Kingdom of El-Abha,
no differences are recognized. The pur-
est heart is most acceptable to God,
whether man or woman.

