STAR OF THE WEST 179
relation exists between Shiraz, Teheran,
Baghdad, Constantinople, Adrianople,
Acca and Haifa? Yet God worked pa-
tiently step by step through these vari-
ous cities according to his own definite
eternal plan, so that the prophecies and
predictions as foretold by the prophets
might be fulfilled. The golden thread
of promise runs through the Bible, and
it was so destined that God in his own
good time would cause its appearance.
Not even a single word will be left mean-
ingless or unfulfilled.
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Sohrab,
February 14, 1914.)

From the beginning of the Cause or
more definitely from the time that the
Blessed Perfection was exiled from Te-
heran all the events in this movement,
although their outward appearances for
the time being were fraught with pain
and sorrow, yet they were based upon
the consummate wisdom of God.
On the eve of the departure from
Persia the believers were in tears. It
is evident that after those dreadful per-
secutions, sufferings, trials and martyr-
doms it was most difficult for them to
bear this last blow. They thought the
voice would be. hushed, the truth would
die, the light would become extinct and
the truth defeated. However, the spir-
itual wisdom of such an event became
apparent afterwards. Eleven years' so-
journ in Baghdad widened immensely
the circle of influence of the Cause and
carried its fame to the four corners of
the earth.
Having received the firman of exile
from Baghdad to Constantinople, when
the friends heard this dire news they
were deeply grieved. Through the
intensity of anguish they were weeping
uncontrollably. The wisdom of this
event became likewise manifest later.
Wlien the two despotic governments
decided to exile us- from Adrianople to
Acca there was such a manifestation of
sorrow and anxiety that neither word
nor pen can describe it adequately. The
floodgate of unutterable grief was set
loose. Thus you observe the ship of
this Cause has weathered fearful storms,
the like of which it is impossible for you
to imagine. Now it has become appar-
ent how these events constitute the un-
paralleled victories of the Cause al-
though at the time of their happening
many people thought they were crushing
defeats. 
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Sohrab,
May 25, 1914.)
-ii
All the time of the sojourn of the
Blessed Perfection--may the souls of all
existence be a ransom to his forbear-
ance!--in this mortal world, he was en.
during the most painful afilictions. At
last, 111 this greatest prison, his holy
Pod)' was extremely weakened from the
intense sufferings and his beautiful per-
son became as Weak as a web from these
continual hardships. His main purpose
in bearing this heavy burden and all
these troubles which gave forth their
waves like an ocean, in accepting chains
and fetters and showing forth the great-
est forbearance, was for the sake of har-
mony, concord and union among all the
people of the world and for the estab-
lishment of the signs of the real unity
among all nations, until the essential
llnity (of God) might appear in the end
in the existing realities, and the light
of the saying: "Thou seest no differ-
ence among the creatures of God" might
shine forth upon the whole world.
(Abdul-Baha: Extract from Tablet re-
vealed about 1904 or 1905 for the
Persian believers.)

Baha'o 'llah departed to the ever-
lasting world and ascended to the Su-
preme Horizon, May 28, 1892. On the
day of his departure the inhabitants of
Haifa, Acca and neighboring places,
assembled in the presence of his eld-
est son, Abdul-Baha, the "Greatest
Branch," and interred his remains,

