-152 STAR OF
printed and distributed by those in
charge of the meeting b=efore I knew
about t11e matter, and its publication in
your journal was also a surprise to me.
All this is of no importance except that
the hasty preparation of the address, and
its being printe-d Without my having a
chance to revise- it somewhat, has been
the cause of an error of statement which
I would thank you v-ery much to correct.
My -statements about the translators of
the Kasitaj Vortoj were as I then under-
stood the matter, but I am now trust-
Worthily informed that no help was re-
ceived in this special Work from Teheran,
and that our brother Lotfullah Hakim,
THE WEST
Whose name appears on the title page
jointly with that of Dr. Es-slemo-nt, is a
medical student in London.
This Work is destined to- be one of the
classics o-f Bahai Esperanto literature,
and any reference to it should be quite
correct. May I therefore ask you to
publish in the STAR or THE that
lines 6 to 8 of column two of page 82
should read:
"Was done jointly by an English
physician, a Persian medical student
living in London, and"
Yours truly,
Rufus W. Powell.
The "Hidden Words" in Esperanto
Bahai Esperanto circles, and friends
in general, will be much interested in
the appearance of an attractive booklet
entitled, Kasita-j Vortoj dc Baha'u/llah
el la Parse), which is just at hand, from
the press of the British E-speranto Asso-
ciation. This is a translation of the
Persian idde-n Words, directly from the
original Persian manuscript into Esper-
anto, ,done jointly by Lotfullah Hakim,
of Persia and London, and Dr. John E.
Esslemont, Res. Med. Supt., The Home
Sanatorium, West South-bourne, nr.
B-o-urnemouth, England.
It is said that this translation con-
veys a Wonderfully clear presentation of
the original Persian concepts, excelling
in many respects the possibilities of Eng-
li.sh translations. The style has been ap-
proved enthusiastically by Col. John
Pollen, the noted Orientalist, of Eng-
land.
This volume is being handled by
the Bahai Publishing Society, 4319 Lake
Park Ave., Chicago, at 10c per copy for
the paper-bound and 400 per copy for
the leather-bound edition.
News from Washington, D. C.
(Continued from page 149)
share with others What We have tried.
But the real help is of the Spirit and
personal contact with the children.
Therefore it is hoped that more calls
may come for personal service, to which
we shall endeavor to respond.
The friends of Cleveland are aflame
with the fire of the love of God. I Was
literally in heaven While with them. Let-
ters have been received since my return,
of which the following quotation will
indicate the spirit: "You recall in Ab-
dul-Baha's tablet to the Cleveland As-
sembly, he says that 'ere long the doors
of the everlasting glory will be opened
before your faces.' I feel sure that this
visit is one of the channels for this prom-
ise becoming fulfilled.' 
The meeting in Akron, Ohio, at the
home of Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Bro-oker, was
another heavenly feast. Mrs. Brooker
has a class of children, on a Week after-
noon. It Was not, however, my pleasure
to meet them.
The Vllashington Assembly is actively
engaged in the great work. Meetings are
held regularly on Friday and Sunday
nights, the latter in beautiful "Studio
Hall." Mr. Richard Mayer, of Boston,
was a recent visiting speaker, and We

