118 STAR OF THE WEST
in this night of war. To some this con-
sciousness was so vivid that at midnight
they felt all the freshness and glory of
the mOI'I1ing'. Others who came to Chi-
cago for the day went away feeling they
had been bo-rn from above by the Eter-
nal Life flowing bright from the King-
dom of Abha.
Addresses delivered at the Bahai Congress
THE ONENESS OF HUMANITY.
Outline of Talk by Mr. Horace Holley at Boston.
live today in an organized, devel-
oped society, among the accumu-
lated resources of the past. The youthful
mind, feeling its own solitary weakness
in the presence of so much authority and
power, tends to discredit its own resources
and its own power, and early bec=omes sus-
ceptible to the all-pervading influences
of materialism. For, in the broad View
of things, materialism is simply the pre-
ponderance of external influence over
the innate quality of the individual
spiritual life. The ordinary mind, there-
fore, learns to develop its imitative, mem-
orizing qualities at the expense of its
creative, independent attributes. It lo-
cates authority in institutions, and tradi-
tional customs and beliefs rather than
in spiritual impulse. In all activities,
however, the creative work is done by
minds which use acciimulated knowledge,
tradition and custom as fuel to their
own vision. VVithout such minds in art,
science, politics and to say
nothing of religion-the world would
rapidly become stagnant, the slave of
material doctrines. The vision of the
few keeps alive the faith that the ulti-
mate authority is really invested in the
individual soul, for every new advance,
every improvement, comes from some
soul 's independent activity, The spirit
creates all things, and without spiritual
activity thoughts decay.
Thus when we deal with the sources
of things, even those things not com-
monly called religious, we perceive
that society is essentially a manifestation
of states of mind. Though most minds
are early benumbed into the belief that
they are the results and not the causes
of society, materialism actually creates
nothing, it merely has the power to per-
petuate error and lack of faith.
Since We have come to a condition of
affairs where the influence of minds
upon one another is the all-determining
factor in life, almost totally replacing
the influence of the natural environment
which determined life in earlier times,
nothing is more important to-day than a
general realization of the truth that soci-
ety, in the long run, reflects mental
states. \/Ve still manifest the mental
states established under primitive con-
ditions, still hold to the physical la.w of
self-preservation and rivalry learned in
the jungle, though the great war, as
well as unrest and disturbance through-
out society, show clearly enough that
the physical law is no longer a guide
but a betrayal. In other words, we
stand half way between two civilizations
in which nature determines
thought, and that in which thought looks
for guidance from the World of con-
sciousness. In the world of conscious-
ness we have a reality as universal, and
far more powerful than nature, we have
the Divine Manifestation, the Prophet
who exemplifies not merely the Will but
also the Reality of God.
Revelation is the proper environment
of man 's spiritual self. Revelation is the
mother nature of the soul. It is the
universe into which all men must be
born anew to live complete, free lives.
The religious teaching of love has been
negative by ma-n's' fear of his fellow--
the Bahai teaching of Unity casts out
this fear by showing the inter-depen-
deuce in which all now live. Love or
Christianity, is like a ship which has
been drawn up on the sands of spiritual

