STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened;
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Jalal 1, 73 (April 9, 1917) No. 2
The Divine Art of Living
A COMPILATION BY MARY M. RABB
[Chapter I appeared in issue No. l6, Vol. Chapter II appeared -in issue No. I3,
Vol. 
CHAPTER 111
Some Practical Applications of the Spiritual Life
ATERIAL affairs are of two
kinds. The first kind are those
concerns which have no direct
relation to life. They contribute toward
luxury, cffeminacy, indolence. Indul-
gence in these things makes one negli-
gent of God and stifles all traces of
spirituality. The other kind are those
affairs which contribute toward the
maintenance of liveliho-od, adding to the
comfort, happiness and progress of the
human family. Spiritual powers come
always to the assistance of such affairs,>>-
they increase the moral insight and re-
sponsib-ility of man and add to his
awareness and mindfulness.
("lords of Abdul-Baha; from the Diary
of l\Iirza Ahmad Sohrab, May 14, 1914.)
Man must live in contentment with
the conditions of his time. He must not
make himself the slave of any habit.
He must eat a piece of stale bread with
the same relish and enjoyment as the
most sumptuous dinner. Contentment is
real wealth. If one develops within him-
self the quality of contentment he will
become independent. Contentment is
the creator of happiness. When one is
contented he does not care either for
riches or poverty. He lives above the in-
fluence of the-m and is indifferent to
them. When We were in Bagdad often
with one pound of meat we served dinner
to fifteen or twenty people. \Ve cooked
with it Persian stew and filled the pot
with Water so everyone could have a
bowl of thin soup. Notwithstanding this
We were all very happy and thought that
ours was the most delicious dinner.
(Words of Abdul-Baha; from the Diary
of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, October 25,
1913.)
How complex is the life of the present
age and how much more complex we
are making it daily! The needs of hu-
manity seem never to come to an end.
The more men accumulate the more
they want. There is only one way of free-
dom and that is by shutting_one's eyes
and heart to all these things which dis-
tract the mind. The Arab of the desert
teaches us a great lesson in the simple
life. Living as he does in the waste
Sahara h-e lacks all the means of life
except a crude tent, a rug or mat, a
caldron, a sword hanging to the inside
pole of the tent and a javelin tied to
the outside pole. This is all his furni-
ture. Then, if he is wealthy he has a
mare, or a horse, a few camels and maybe
adjoining his tent a palm grove. It
never occurs to his mind that there is
anything else in this world. He is happy
and has no worries. His food consists
of a bowl of milk and a few dates and
he may well wonder at the city man, how
he can digest all the different kind of
dishes with their flavors and spices. His

