STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers: that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shallbe strengthened,
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes;
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. Rahmat 1, 73 (June 24, 1917) No. 6
The Divine Art of Living
A COMPILATION BY MARY M. RABB
(Chapter I appeared in issue No. 16, Vol. Chapter II appeared in issue No. 18, Vol. Chapter
appeared in issue No. 2, Vol. Chapter IV appeared in issue No. 4, Vol. 
Q- 
CHAPTER 
Faith, Severance, Sacrifice
NOW faith is assurance of things
hoped for, a co-nviction of things
not seen. . . . By faith We understand
that the Worlds have been framed by the
\7Vord of God, so that What is seen hath
not been made out of things Which ap-
pear. . . .
He that cometh to God must believe
that he is, and that he is a rewarder of
them that seek after him. By faith Noah,
being Warned of God concerning things
not seen as yet, moved with Godly fear,
prepared an ark to the saving o-f his
house. . . . By faith Abraham, When
he was called, ob-eyed to go out unto a
place which he was to receive for an
inheritance; and he Went out, not know-
ing Whither he Went. By faith he be-
ca.me a. s-ojourner in thenland of promise,
as in a land no-t his own, dwelling in
tents, with Isaac and Jacob, the heirs
with him of the same promise. For he
look-ed for the city which hath the- foun-
dations, Whose builder and maker is God.
By faith Moses forsook Egypt not fear-
ing the Wrath of the king for he endured
as seeing I-Iim who is invisible. . . .
And What more shall I say? for the
time will fail me if I tell of Gideon,
Barak, Samson, Japhthah; of David and
Samuel' and the prophets, who through
faith subdued kingdoms-, Wrought right-
eousness, obtained promises, stopped the
mouths of lions, quenched the power of
fire, escaped the edge of the sword, from
Weakness Were ma.de strong. . . .
Others had trial of mockings and scourg-
ings, yea, moreover of bonds and im-
prisonment: they Were stoned, they Were
sawn asunder, they were tempted, they
were slain With the sword: they Went
about in sheepskins, in goatskins, being
destitute, afflicted, ill-treated--of whom
the world Was not Worthy-Wandering
in deserts and mountains and caves and
the holes of the earth. . . .
Therefore let us also, seeing we are
compassed about With so great a cloud
of Witnesses, lay aside every Weight, and
the sin which do-th so easily beset us-, and
let us run with patience the race that is
set before us.
(Heb-rews; from chapters 11, 12.)
All things are possible to him that
believeth. . . . Verily I say unto
you if ye have faith as a grain of
mustard seed . . . ye shall say unto
this mountain, . . . Be thou taken
up and cast into the sea and it shall
be done. And all things whatsoever ye
shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall
receive.
(Words of Jesus in the Gospels.)
I say unto you that anyone who will

