STAR OF THE WEST 199
EXHIBITION
Sunday morning at nine o'clock, No-
vember llth, the friends and many seek-
ers assembled at Castle Theatre, where,
through the courtesy of tl1e STAR on THE
Wnsr, they were entertained by a cine-
inatograph exhibition, "Abdul-Baha in
America." Mr. Albert R. Windust in
well-chosen words explained the, scenes
to the large audience, many persons be-
ing visibly affected by the impressive
incidents. Not only were the dignity
and majesty of Abdul-Ba-ha, the Center
of the Covenant of God, seen to advan-
tage, but his sweet humility of spirit
and his universal love for all elements of
humanity. Dr. Zia l\l. Bagdadi also
gave a brief address in which he ex-
plained some stereoscopic scenes of the
Holy Land and other oriental cities,
which added to the interest of the pro-
gram. "The dress worn by Abdul-Baha,
in the pictures as represented, is of the
same style as that worn by Jesus Christ
nineteen centuries ago." There was
great joy, especially among sincere
hearts who had never seen Abdul-Baha
111 person.
PUBLIC MEETING
The subject of the Sunday afternoon
meeting, held at the Auditorium Hotel,
was Baha'o'llah's contribution to World
civilization. Mr. Albert R. WVindust pre-
sided and the attendance was large. Mr.
Albert H. Hall of Minneapolis spoke
with eloquence and enthusiasm on the
irresistible movement toward world fed-
eration and world peace. He showed
that all the forces in the universe are
striving to bring about world democracy
and that even the great war is prepar-
ing the way for a lasting peace. He
mentioned many of the nations, explain-
ing their relations to e.ach other and
their work for world democracy.
Mrs. Claudia Stuart Coles of Wash-
ington, D. C., spoke of the emancipation
of women and universal suffrage. She
was Well fortified with the Holy Utter-
ances and proved the station of women
with spiritual illumination. She had an
array of facts, historical and otherwise,
which carried conviction. She grate-
fully acknowledged the bounty of Baha-
'o'llah which made men and women
equal. She believed that the ideal free-
dom would come to women through spir-
itual and educational unfoldment;
through evolution rather than revolu-
tion. Her tribute to Kurrat-ul-Aine was
eloquent and beautiful.
Mr. Louis G. Gregory of Vlashington,
D. C., brought forward the new educa-
tional system of Baha'o'llah. He said
in part, "The Sun of Truth sheds its
rays upon all the contingent beings.
Those who stand at the head and front of
modern educational reform owe their
ideals. to the universal spirit, Baha'o'llah.
The education of the child begins at its
conception in the holy bond of wedlock.
WVonderful prayers are revealed in this
dispensation for its growth and progress.
Games are introduced and play is used
as a means of acquiring knowledge.
Children learn much more quickly from
each other than from their elders. So a
uniform curriculum for the education of
all the children of the world will tend
to abolish prejudices. The education of
Baha'o'llah "does not begin and end in
mere words." It is at once the most
ideal and the most practical. It pro-
motes the highest efficiency. The com-
pulsory education of both sexes and of
all classes also promotes the spirit of true
freedom. Baha'o'llah, through the Cen-
ter of His Covenant, is the educator of
the reality of man."
Miss Helen E. Peterson, contralto,
Miss Ruth violinist, a11d
Miss Marie Herzog, accompanist, charmed
the audience on this occasion with mu-
sical numbers.
MEETING OF 
Monday morning, November 12th,
many of the friends, like birds of para-
dise, soared to the Temple grounds and
sang the praises of the Blessed Beauty,
through whose bounty the friends were

