STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations shall become one in
faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men shall be strengthened,
that diversity of religion shall cease and differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes;
these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
0. 13
Vol. Kudrat 1, 73 (November 4-, 1917)
"This is the One whose meeting will he longed for
by all those who dwell in the everlasting spiritual
world, and who have taken a station for themselves
in the tents of Surat-ul-H'yhl.
The Hundredth Anniversary of the Birth of Baha'o'llah
B'aha'o'llah was born in Teheran, Persia, on November 12, 1817 A. D.

EDITORIAL
One hundred years ago this twelfth of November there was born in the
City of Teheran a world-teacher destined to bring the light of peace a.nd oneness
to all mankind. He was so radiant with the attributes of the divine world
that the Bab, his brilliant precursor called him Baha/or'llah, the Glory of God.
His immediate followers, Watching his pure and flawless life, named him the
Blessed Perfection.
In his deeds and teachings are manifest the splendors of the Sun of Reality,
which is flooding the world with brighter and brighter radiance. The clouds
of war and strife and materialism have for many obscured the glory of the
rising Sun of Righteousness which brings healing on its wings. Yet, here and
there, over the world, receptive thinkers and reformers are catching glimpses
of this Sun of the new cycle. The movement toward scientific research, toward
prohibition, Woman's suffrage, universal education, the cry for democracy, for
industrial justice, for World-federation, for a league to enforce abiding peace,
for religious unity, for a spiritual renaissance'are so many rays of this new
light. Baha'o'llah some sixty years ago proclaimed them. In him and in his
great interpreter, Abdul-Baha, are focused the Holy Spirit of the new day.
The STAR on THE \VEsr would celebrate this hundredth anniversary of
Baha'o'llah's birth by recording some of the incidents in his life. "Guidance
hath ever been by Words, but at this time it is by deeds." "Words must be
followediby deeds, Baha'o 'llah declared, "for true wor_ds are verified by actio_n.
One without the other will not satisfy the thirsty or open the doors of perception
before the blind." Baha'0'llah's -deeds and words are one. Through his books
and through ~his life shine the brightness of the divine Kingdom.
 
0
The Dawning of a Great Light
A Compilation of Incidents from the Life of Baha'o'llah
GLAD tidings of the Kingdom of
Abha! We announce to you glad
tidings of great joy! Similar words were
spoken almost two thousand years ago.
Reflect and be 110t of the heedless. This
is the great day of God. This is the
day of universal peace, of universal
brotherhood, of a universal language
and of the union of all religions. This
is the day wherein the prophecies of the

