STAR OF THE WEST
And in the nest of thy loving-kindness,
Amid the branches of the Tree of Spirit
To this bird, featherless, broken-Winged,
Grant thou an abiding-place.
The Divine Art of Living--Chapter 
(Continued from page 61)
must forget his own selfish conditions
in order that he may rise to the station
of sacrifice. This station should be at-
taine-d to such a degree that if he sleeps
it should not be for pleasure but to rest
the body in order to Work better, t'o
speak better, to explain more beautifully,
to serve the servants of Go-d and to prove
His truths. When he remains awake he
should seek to be attentive, serve tl1e
Cause of God and sacrifice his own sta-
t'ions for those of God. When he attains
to this station the confirmations of the
Holy S-pirit Will surely reach him and
man With this power can Withstand all
Who inhabit the earth. 460.)
No one Will obtain this great favor
save he Who cuts himself from this World,
b-eing attracted by the love of God; Who
is dead to the desires and appetites of
self, sincere to God in all things and
meek, humble, imploring, pleading and
lowly before God. 5.)
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Tablets of
A bclu-l-Baha.)
B-y being severed from the World I
do not mean holding in contempt the
things of the World, for civiliza.tion and
education are the means of progress. I
mean that one must not attach his heart
to the World.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Table Talks
with Abdul-Baha, p. 23.)
All that has been created is for man
Who is at the apex of creation and who
must be thankful for the divine bestow-
als. All material things are for us so
that through our gratitude We may learn
to understand life as a divine benefit. . .
Therefore We must be happy and pass
our time in praises, appreciating all
things. But there is something else--de-
tachment. We can appreciate Without
attaching ourselves to the things of this
World. It sometimes happens that if a
man loses his fortune he is so disheart-
ened that he dies or becomes insane.
Vllhile enjoying the things of this World
We must remember that perhaps one day
We shall have to do Without them.
Attach. not thyself to anything unless
in it thou seest the reality of God. This
is the first step into- the court of eternity.
The earth life- lasts but a short time,
even its benefits are transitory. That
which is tempo=rary does not deserve our
hea-rt's attachment.
Detachment does not consist in setting
fire to one 's house or becoming bankrupt
or thro-Wing one's fortune out of the
Window or even in giving away all one 's
possessions. Detachment consists in re-
fraining from letting our possessions
possess us. A prosperous merchant who
is not attached to his business knows de-
tachment. A banker Whose occupation
does not prevent him from serving hu-
manity is detached. A poor man can be
attached to a small thing. . . . . .
There are many rich people who are
detached, and many poor Who are not.
(Words of Abdul-Baha: Divine Phil-
osophy, pp. 104-108.)
Vile must not be attached to anything
in the World. It is not Worth one
thought. We must not desire for those
-We love that they should be captivated
by the attachments of this World. Nay,
rather, We should desire for them eternal
things, the things of the Kingdom. We

