54- STAR OF THE VVEST
The Promotion of the Teachings of God in Japan
(Continued from page 52)
the translation for me and they tell me
in the Japanese language it is indeed
a most beautiful letter:
My dear Miss Agnes Alexander:
I a.m a young girl student who lives
in the northern and remotest part of
this mainland. I was greatly influenced
when I read in the Yoinnluri Shimlnm a
few days ago that you are endeavoring
to promulgate in Japan the Truth of
the great Persian teacher, Baha'o'llah,
who teaches the equality of man and
woman, racial unity and universal peace,
etc., and I am one of the great admirers
of your strong and never yielding spirit
for the religion.
\/Vhat no-ble and Wise wome-n there
are in your country like you and Miss
Stinsoni' (the aviatrix who is. here in
Japan no-W), and I cannot help envying
you and her. Especially What glory and
pride it is to your nation to have a. lady
like you who- is so noble and godlike-
hearted acting day and night to teach
our people your new Faith!
I will pray to God at my country town
here in Japan that the religion, which
you a.re pro-niulgating may be believed
by all the people of this world. If I
were in Tokyo, I would like, I am sure,
to help you in teaching, even though my
power be poor--Waiting upo-n near your
knees (this is a apanese' expression).
But, alas, I am far from Tokyo and
there is no way to study the religion but
by the little help of newspapers, so I
wish to go to the capital for this purpose
without the knowledge of my parents,
*Miss Katherine Stinson, 15)-year-old aviatrix,
made daring flights in Japan and China and
where, "Fo-r the first time in their lives," she
says, "the Chinese and Japanese had to look up
an."
a vi om
Upon her return to the United States, in an
interview, she said: "The Japanese are really
the most polite people in the world, and the
Chinese were just lovely, but I'm certainly glad
I'm an American. Thiey make their Wives walk
ten paces in the rear on all public occasions,
and I wouldn't walk behind any man. I want
to walk beside him.
"The women in China and Japan are waking
up, though. There is a. big feminist movement.
In Japan a Mrs. Fujisawavery sorry I have no money for
the journey. I Will pray that the re-
ligion will be successfully promulgat.ed
by you all ove-r the world and I look
forward to the day when it will be real-
ized. I will never forget your glorious
name as it has taken ro-ot in my bosom
a.nd also you will never forget me. It
seems to- me by inspiration that I must
assist you in teaching when I come to
Womanhood. I pray you will do splen-
didly your calling! Be b-lest my dear
sister! G0od~by. Yours truly,
Ritsulco 
The world is going through great
changes and we know not what a day
will bring forth, but We can only "be
still a11d kn0W that I am God."
I enclose to you the Words of life fro-m
our glorious beloved, Abdul-Baha, his
words which. never fail. Oh! what will
they not mean to this country. The
light' and 'truth already shines through
the clouds a11d nothing can prevent its
shining.
Forever your sister in the Great
Cause' Agnes B. 

TABLETS FROM 
To the maid-servant of God, Miss Agnes
AleXander--Upon her be greeting
and praise!
thou heavenly daughter!
Thy 1ett'er through Mr. Hannen re~
ceived from Japan, likewise the letters
leaders of the Woman movement there, gave- me
a check for $2,500 because she was so glad to
see a woman do something that no other woman
h-ad done in Japan. That was When, clad in a
kimono, I made my flight over the city of Tokio.
The Japanese were wonderful then. They are
intensely interested in aviation, and all the city
turned out. They had the aviation field fenced
in with slender bamboo rods. The crowd was
tremendous and the interest keen, but -the Jap-
anese were so polite that not a rod was broken."
In China Miss Stinson made a. flight from the
grounds of the sacred temple of agriculture over
the residence of the president, which was for-
merly the Chinese imperial pa.lace.--Editors.

