202 STAR OF
Abdul-Baha and be free from everything
else. Baha'o'llah says: 'Verily we shall
assist every one who rises to serve the
cause by an army of the Supreme Con-
course and a contingent of the near
angels.'
"Fourth, we should fearlessly teach
that the only relief from the present War
calamities is turning to the Greatest
Name and by accepting the teachings of
Baha'o'1lah. Otherwise all nations who
refuse to do this are in the greatest
danger. We practice no sedition nor
corruption, but proclaim the Glad Tid-
ings of Abha and the might of His
Covenant. \Ve are commanded not to
interfere with or even speak one word
on the subject of politics.
"Fifth, it is the duty of all to teach.
Arise with all strength and those who
cannot go should help to send others.
The foundation of all teaching is firm-
ness in the Covenant."
Miss Mary Lesch said, "Seventeen
years ago there was not one line of the
teachings in print in America. the
Bahai Publishing Society has many
books that have been translated and pub-
lished. Thus the teacher should inform
himself of the teachings and go forth
well equipped for service."
Mr. Windust said, "The hour has
struck. From now on those who serve
in the Cause must be firm in the Cove-
nant. They must also be well known
as such. This is especially true of
those who would teach." He then pre-
sented a plan for teaching throughout
the Central States.
Mesdames Annie L. Parmerton and
T. C. Rice-Wlray, Messrs. Charles Mason
Remey, Thomas W. Fleming, Louis G.
Gregory, Dr. Pauline Barton-Peake, Dr.
H. S. Harper and Mr. Fred Mortensen,
took part in the discussion. Their col-
lective thoughts centered around the
qualifications of the teachers, sincerity,
severance, attraction, sanctity.
THE MASHRAK-EL-AZKAR-.
This was the theme of the Monday
THE WEST
evening meeting over which Dr. "William
F. Slater of Chicago presided.
The first speaker Was Mr. Albert H.
Hall of Minneapolis who spoke of the
Mashrak-el-Azkar as the evident sign of
the new civilization.
Mr. Charles Mason R-emey of Wash-
ington, D. C., spoke of the birth of the
new architecture. He said, "One of the
greatest signs of a civilization is its archi-
tecture which reaches its mo-st complete
form in a. temple, the outward symbol
of spiritual things." He illustrated by
many beautiful drawings nine difierent
civilizations, showing how ea-eh in turn,
as the Roman Classic, the Byzantine, the
Arabian Moorish, the Persian, the Indian,
the Romanesque, the Gothic, the Renais-
sance and the Modern has contributed to
the world's treasures in architecture.
These beautiful drawings suggested to
the happy friends how wonderfully beau-
tiful the completed Mashrak-el-Azkar
will appear. Certainly such a building
will be unique and will attract the atten-
tion of the Whole world. But these of
course were only suggestions. The
speaker declared that the new divine
civilization would produce a new type of
architecture which would be more beau-
tiful and perfect than all the others.
The spiritual outpouring of the Day of
Peace will create a new and wonderful
design for the Mashrak-el-Azkar in
America. The friends were charmed by
this simple, earnest presentation, in
which the speaker lost himself in his
love for the beauty of holiness.
Mrs. Corinne True, the last speaker
was happy in her presentation of the
development of the Mashrak-el-Azkar in
America. She said in part, "In this
day the Sun of Spiritual Truth has again
arisen in the Orient, and its radiance is
seen in the Occident as well. Baha '0 'llah
has said that the human family was once
one, dwelling together in the greatest
state of harmony. Then differences crept
in and racial and religious bias appeared
until discord and hatred were found
among the children of men. The great

