STAR OF THE WEST 115
theories. If absolute knowledge were
to b-e obtained by this means, the wisest
philosophers would agree in saying the
same things.
There is yet a third method of acquir-
ing knowle-dge,--by revelation, or the in-
spired books; but the difficulty in tl1is
case is that every person's inte-rpretatio-n
of the book is colored by his own in-
dividuality. In the time of Jesus Christ,
the Jews were prevented from accepting
him by clinging to the literal interpre-
tation of their bookhave before said in the account
of this miracle, the disciples of Jesus at-
tempted to sail over the sea of creation
in the ark of argument and reasoning,
finding great difficulty and danger in
proving the truth by so doing. But when
Christ, the Light of the world, who knew
all things by the light of inner spiritual
illumination, came to them in their boat,
walking by his knowledge over the ocean
of existence, and having no need of the
ark of argument, then immediately they
were at their desired haven.
Mashrak-el-Azkar Convention and Bahai Congress
(Continued from page 111)
region, and every ea.r in America will
hear the call of Allah 'o'Abha 1"
Miss Edna McKinney, representing
Denver, spoke of a November night in
Chicago but ten years ago when Mrs.
Corinne True gave a dinner and nine
persons from as many assemblies stayed
afterward to discuss the possibility of
forming an association for the erection
of a Mashrak-el-Azkar in this country.
That night there were about ten at the
dinner. At the Rizwan Feast last Sat-
urday night in the year of 1917 nearly
four hundred friends were present,
drawn by one great impulse to build the
temple and to serve humanity.
"There is but one thing in the world
today which can cause such a quicken-
ing, and that is the power of the Center
of the Covenant.
"This wonderful ninth convention is
the one hundredth anniversary of the
birth of Baha'o'llah."
From Mrs. Josephine C. De Lagnel:
"When I was in the presence of Abdul-
Baha, I supplicated again and again that
I might be his servant, and this one an-
swer he always gave me: 'You know a
poor, ignorant, Persian woman has be-
come a great teacher on account of the
love in her heart'."
Mrs. Claudia Stuart Coles: "In this
day no matter what mistake we make, it
can be corrected, because the power of
the Holy Spirit is surging through the
whole world. As in the time of the
apostles nineteen hundred years ago, so
today the Pentecostal visitation gives to
the weak and vacillating the power to go
forth and die for the faith that God
had lighted in their hearts.
"Our duty is merely to look at the
Center 0-f the Covenant and receive the
light that is shining, and we need not
bother with any fear as to how the world
is to be run. But the power of the Spirit
is nemaking us all, and no law that we
make, no word that we say, ca11 stand
before the will of God in this day which
is to make us, anew."
Mrs. Greenleaf quoted Abdul-Baha as
saying to her: "Be patient, be magnifi-
cently patient" and again, "Be happy.
Happiness is-life and sorrow is death.
Be happy," then she knew that happi-
ness came through activity. Another
time he said to her, "The general of the
army is never so much interested in the
reserve forces, but it is necessary for
him to be in communication with those
at the front." Mrs. Greenleaf ended
her talk by saying "Baha'o'llah is the
center of light in the world. Need we
worry too much about the darkness?
"Then the center rises within the sky,
it takes within its bosom all the light of

