68 STAR OF THE WEST
world. Day and night their thoughts
and occupations are all belong
to this world. They think about the
honors of this world, or about the riches
and wealth of this world, or of name
and fame in this World. Their days and
nights pass in this way. The guidance
of God makes it evident and plain when
the way of the Kingdom, the divine
path, is opened, that this is the road of
the Kingdom.
It is not sufficient Only to distinguish
the way of the Kingdom, only to dis-
cover the heavenly way: you must travel
upon it until the end is reached. For
example, that a man discovers the way
to America is not sufficient. H-e must
travel in it that he may reach that coun-
try. If he remains for years discover-
ing more about the way yet does not
travel by it, he will never arrive. It is
not sufficient for a child to know where
the school is; he must study in it that
he may gain knowledge. Faith is not
merely to know which is the school and
to recognize the teacher; one must ac-
quire knowledge in this school. If one
does not gain knowledge it is useless to
.know of the school.
This is what Christ said: "Ye shall
know the tree by its fruitstruthful, who really be-
lieves and is just, who is attracted to
the Kingdom, and whose will is annihi-
lated in the way of God, then you will
know he is a tree of the Kingdom, if
he shows forth all these qualities. If
you see one whose heart is attached to
this world and in whom there is no
truthfulness o-r detachment or turning
to God, one who is not occupied in prais-
ing and speaking of God, or in attraction
to the love of God, then you will know
he is a tree of darkness. For true be-
lief is not only to acknowledge the one-
ness of God: by b-elief we mean that the
reality of a man will be characterized by
divine characteristics. If his reality is
dark, he will become enlightened; if he
is heedless, he will become conscious; if
he is sleeping, he will be awakened; if
he is he will become heavenly;
if he is satanic, he will become divine.
This is the meaning of true belief.
Therefore I say that man must travel
in the way of God. Day by day he must
endeavor to become better, his belief
must increase and, become firmer, his
good qualities and his turning to God
must b-e greater, the fire of his love must
flame more then day by day
he will make progress, for to stop ad-
vancing is the means of going back. The
bird when he flies soars ever higher and
higher, for as soon as he stops flying he
will come down. Every day, in the
morning when arising you should com-
pare today with yesterday and see in
what condition you are. If you see your
belief is stronger and your heart more
occupied with God and your love in-
creased and your freedom" from the
world greater then thank God and ask
for the increase of these qualities. You
must begin to pray and repent for all
that you have done which is wrong_ and
you must implore and ask for help and
assistance that you may become better
than yesterday so that you may continue
to make progress.
Do not let the desires of the self find a
place within you; for it is certain that
when you reach the highest station of
spirituality one desire can cause
your downfall. The spirit is like a bird;
when it flies in the air it is always
mounting. But the self is like the hunt-
er who is thinking all the time how to
catch the bird. As when a bird is in
the air the hunter aims at it and brings
it do-wn, so is it with the human desires
in the soul. You will see that by one
arrow, one shot, it will be brought low.
This arrow is the connection with this
world, the occupations of this wo-rld, the
desires of this world, the honors of this
world.
In many ways the hunter will stop the
spirit from ascending. That is why you
must ask and implore and entreat: 
God, protect me from myself!"
(W0-r'ds of_ Abdul-Baha: from pamph-
let True Belief.)

