STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the post office at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879,
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, 111., U. S.A.
To personal checks please add sufficient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U.S.A.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA.
thou Star of the West! HE IS con!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere long, thou shalt
become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thysubscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become world-wide--and at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Assns.
Vol. Baha 1, 73 (March 21, 1917) No. 1
Naurooz Greeting
Allah '0 'AZ>ha 1
This Bahaityear, which corresponds to 1917 of the Christian era, We
believe marks the beginning of the "blessed days" foreseen by Daniel (Cliap.
X11, verse 12).
With the World at War it is, no doubt, a year fraught with great events.
According to dispatches published in the daily press, armies are approach-
ing Palestine from the south and from the north.
The prophecies concerning that blessed spot are being fulfilled.
All eyes are upon the Holy Land.
\Vhat scene of this mighty wo-rld dra1na--thc "Tiine of the End"--arc we
about to behold'?
At this hour, We are reminded of the following Words of Abdul-Bahai' 
"As to yon, friends of God! Make firm your feet in the Cause of God
with such firmness as cannot be shaken by the most great disasters of this World.
Be not troubled by anything undcr any condition. Bo as: lofty mountains,
dawning-stars from the horizon of existence, brilliant lamps in the assemblies
of oneness and lowly souls, pure hearted, with the friends.-
"Be signs of guidance, lights of piety, severed from the world, holding fast
to the firm rope, spreader-s of the spirit of life, abidcrs in the ark of safety, inani-
festa-tions of mercy, dawning-stars of the mysteries of existence, points of revela-
tion, day-springs of light, strengthened by the holy spirit, attracted toward God,
sanctified from all things and from the (natural) qualities of people and char-
acterized With the attributes of the angels of hea.ven--so ye may attain to the
greatest gift in this great century and new age!"
--T/ac EcZz't01'$.
"*1-from Tablets of Abdul-Baha, Vol. 1, p. 5.

