STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A 
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, U. S. A.
Entered as second-class matter  Q, 1911, at the post officc at Chicago, under the Act of March 3, 187?.
Editorial R. GERTRUDE BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADJ
WW A Honorary AHMAD Sotman
Terms: $1.50 per year; 10 cents per copy Tl 
Make Money Orders payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., 
To personal checks please add sufiicient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
TABLET FROM 
thou Star of the West! ma ts coo!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou contmue to remain firm and eternal, ere long', thou shalt
becorne the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime. Thou art the first paper of the
Bahals which is organized 111 the country of America. Although for the present thy subscribers are limited,
thy f01'm, 15 5111311 and thy V0i?? Weak, yet shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the -object of the attention
of the friends and the center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the
future thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume will increase,
thy arena Will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised and become at
last thou shalt become the first paper of the world oi humanity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, "firmness,
firmness! (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Anus.
Vol. Sultan 1, 73 (January 19, 1918) No. 17
Prayer
(Translated by Dr. Zia. M. Bagdadi, Chicago. This supplioation was re-
vealed at a, time when in some parts of Persia the believers were awaking to
an understanding of the importance of the Covenant.)
PRAISE be unto thee, God, and glory be unto thee, my Lord, for thou
ha-st sent from among thy servants those whose consciences became clear:
who-so were bcuulified; who flourished outwardly; become inwoidly
purified; who.s~c faces become illu/mined; whose sto-rs shone; whose hearts rc-
joiccd; whose sorrows vanished; whose breasts dilatcd--wlicn they heard the
coll of the Covenant.
They witnessed the .s~ig-ns of harmony; sow the light of dawn and responded
to the Orb of the Horizons. Their faces rcclialcd with the light of bountics
and their tongues delighted in the mention of the Lord of grout bcslowals. They
spo-lie with praise; were illumined with the light of guidance and became ignite-d
with the blazing fire of the Tree of Sinai. They became _fi-rm in the Ancient Couc-
nanl; walked in the sira-iglit path; tool: hold of the -mighty nope'; turned to
the manifest horizon and followed in the stops of the greatly cefincd. They
gathered in the assembly of glory, in thry name, the Merciful, the O=o-tmpalssionolc.
They consulted concerning the mighty Testament; agreed upon the right dc-
cision and were with a new spirit. The-it-T b7'6d-S'tS were diluted through
the /reading of the mighty Ooucnamt. Th-cy wrote the evident b=oolr- which speak-s
of firmness and indicates slcodfosiness. They held fa-st lo the sz'-Wong and un-
breakable support and grasped the hem of the Garment of 
Lord, illuminc their faces in tho Kingdom of Abho; incline their ears to
the voice of commendation from the Concourse; mulie them grout signs
of ilice; for them the best of this world and llic world to come; clcuufc
their stations to the sublime canopy. Giuc them truthful tongue amiong the
people of the world and usher th-can into the paradise of thy mccling often they
ascend lo the Supreme Go-mpcnion.
Vcrily, thou at-rt the Omnipotent in whatsoever thou dcsircst and verily thou
curt the Pure Almighty.
ABBAS.

