170 STAR OF
community, the officers of the army, and
of the government paid a visit. Even
the Governor, Najib Pasha, called and
Baha'o'llah did not return these rather
important calls. Were one to reflect for
a moment he would realize that such
THE WEST
great events have never occurred in the
history of the past dispensations!
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Sohrab,
April 30, 1914.)
H.
Life in the Most Great Prison
THE government of Persia said: "As
long as Baha'o'llah is in Persia the
country will not be at peace. When
Baha'o'llah is exiled from Persia the
country will then find peace. He shall
no longer be connected with this coun-
try; all communications with him shall
be suspended." So the Shah of Persia
endeavored until he succeeded in ex-
pelling the Blessed Perfection to Con-
stantinople, and from Constantinople to
Roumelia. Communication with him
had to be in secret, but still the Cause
spread, and they said: 'Day by day his
lamp becomes brighter, his potency be-
comes greater. The cause of this spread-
ing is due to the populous cities to which
he is sent. Therefore it is better to send
him to a penal colony where he may
be considered as a suspect, that the peo-
ple may know he is in the prison of mur-
derers and highway robbers; and in a
bad climate he and his followers may
perish." Therefore the King of Persia,
Nasser-Ud-Din, Shah, endeavored until
he succeeded in having him transported
to the prison of Acca.
But the banishment of Baha'o'llah, the
Blessed Perfection, instead of resulting in
the extermination of the Cause in the
country proved just the contrary; the
Cause was spread more rapidly; the fame
became more widely circulated; the
teachings of the Blessed Perfection be-
came more widely promulgated in Persia.
Through the power of God he was able to
hoist his banner. If at first it was a
lamp, it became a flame. If it was a
star, it became a mighty sun. The fame
of the Cause of the Blessed Perfection
went as far as the East and the West.
He paid no attention to the ministers
and viziers-.- The Governor-in~Chief of
Acca craved to be honored by admission
to the presence of Baha'o'llah. For five
years this one man, called Zia Pasha,
asked Abdul-Baha if he would supplicate
the Manifestation to permit him to make
this visit, but the Manifestation never
granted it. All the people of Acca know
this. The Blessed Perfection was im-
prisoned, yet he had that power to refuse
anything or to do anything he wished.
(Abdul-B aha. 
Whosoever reads the Book of H'ykl
(Surat-ul-H'ykZ) can observe the tre-
mendous and colossal power of Baha-
'o'llah. He addressed the kings from
the prison, each individually, summoning
all to the oneness of humanity, and the
most great peace, arraigning some, and
predicting What would happen in their
kingdoms, and these predictions have
come to pass!
Some of the kings exhibited pride, one
was the Ottoman king, Abdul Aziz Khan.
When Baha'o'llah was a prisoner in his
kingdom, he addressed him very critical-
ly, and literally did it come to pass.
Another was the French emperor. The
Emperor of France did not send any
reply, then a second epistle was sent to
him. It was addressed to Napoleon
the Third, saying, wrote you an
epistle before, and I summoned you to a
cause, but you heeded 'it not. You pro-
claimed once that you were a defender
of the oppressed, but it becomes evident
that you are not; rather, you- magnify
your own selfish desires and passions.

