STAR OF THE WEST 79
er-more the plant has the power of ab-
sorption from the earth. This is a
higher degree of attraction which differ-
entiates the plant from the mineral. In
the kingdom of the vegetable this is an
expression of love,--the highest capacity
of expression the vegetable possesses. By
this power of attraction or augmenta-
tion the plant grows day by day. There-
fore in this kingdom also love is the
cause of life. If repulsion existed
among the elements instead of attraction
the result would be disintegration, de-
struction and non-existence. Because
cohesion exists among the elements and
cellular attraction is manifest, the plant
appears. \Vhen this attraction disap-
pears and the ingredients separate, the
plant ceases to exist.
Then we come to the animal world
which is still higher in degree than the
vegetable kingdom. In it the power of
love makes itself still more manifest.
The light of love is more resplendent in
the animal kingdom because the power
of attraction whereby elements cohere,
and cellular atoms commingle now re-
veals itself in cert'ain emotions and sensi-
bilities which produce instinctive fellow-
ship and association. The animals are
imbued with kindness and afinity which
manifests itself among those of the same
species.
Finally we reach the kingdom of man.
Here we find that all the degrees of
the mineral, vegetable and animal ex-
pressions of love are present plus un-
mistakable attractions of the conscience.
That is to say, man is the possessor of
a degree of attraction which is conscious
and spiritual. Here is an immeasurable
advance. In the human kingdom spir-
itual susceptibilities come into view, love
exercises its superlative degree, and this
is the cause of human life.
The proof is clear that in all degrees
and kingdoms unity and agreement, love
and fellowship are the cause of life,
whereas dissension, animosity and sepa-
ration are ever conducive to death.
Therefore we must strive with life and
soul in order that day by day unity and
agreement may be increased among hu-
manity and that love and affinity may
become more resplendently glorious and
manifest. In theranimal kingdom you
will observe that domestic species live
together in the utmost fellowship. See
how sociable and friendly sheep gather
together in a flock. Look at the doves
and other domestic birds. There is no
sectarianism among them, no separation
due to notions of patriotism. They live
together in the utmost love and unity,
flying, feeding, associating. Ferocious
animals, beasts of prey such as the wolf,
bear, tiger and hyena are never amiable
and do not associate together. They at-
tack one another. Vllhenever they meet
they fight. Three wolves are never seen
associating happily. If you see them
together it is with some ferocious in-
tent. They are like selfish brutal men
who are inimical, cursing and killing
one another. Better that man should re-
semble the domestic animals than the
ferocious beasts of prey, for in the esti-
mation of God love is acceptable whereas
hatred and animosity are rejected. "Thy
should we act contrary to the good-
pleasure of God? \Vhy should we be as
ferocious animals, constantly shedding
blood, pillaging and destroying"? Be-
cause We belong to one race or family of
humankind why should we consider all
others bad and inferior, deserving of
death, pillage and invasion, worthy of
hatred and. detestation by God, people
of darkness"? Why does man show forth
such attitude and actions toward his
fellovvman? We see that God is kind
to all. Just as He loves us He loves all
others, just as He provides for us He
provides for the rest. He nurtures and
trains all with equal solicitnde.
God is great, God is kind! He does
not behold human shortcomings; He does
not regard human weaknesses. Man is
a creature of His mercy and to His mercy
He summons all. \Vhy then should we
despise or detest His creatures because
this one is a Jew, another a Buddhist or
Zoroastrian and so on? This is ignor-
ance; for the oneness of humanity as

