STAR OF THE WEST 193
ton, D. C., wherein it was stated that
it would be printed in the Bahai pub-
lication meaning the STAR or THE
Wnsr. It was printed in No. 12 issue.
If it had not been published the govern-
ment might ask, "Why did not the
Bahais keep their word?"
That all may clearly understand the
purpose or policy of the STAR or THE
Wasr, we give herewith Abdul-Baha's
instructions to the editors* when he was
in this country:
"Very welcome! Most welcome!
"Your services are acceptable. You
have "labored much. These la.bors are
productive of great results. They are the
cause of the good pleasure of God and
will be the magnet for the favors or bless~
ings of God. Therefore, be thankful
because of your attainment to services.
"Your greatest aim and effort must be
directed to the service of the Kingdom
of God.
"The greatest service to the Kingdom
of God is kindness to the servants of God.
"The greatest kindness to the friends
of God, to the servants of God, is guid-
ance or guiding them.
*Words of Abdul-Baha spoken to
Ahmad Sohrab, Dr. Zia M. Bag-
dadi, Miss Gertrude Buikema and Mr.
Albert R. Windust in his room at the
Hotel Plaza, Chicago, May 1, 1912.
"Strive in your efforts, in your man-
agement, to become orderly, for this
newspaper is 110-W a link between the
East and the West.
"Have no word in that publication
which can be of displeasure to anyone.
"Attribute nothing to anyone.
"Let there be no displeasing statement;
no debasing element regarding or con-
cerning religions.
"Be most careful about matters 07?
politics. Do not mention it. Om' Cause
is -not political."
iWe are happy to present herewith two
remarkable tablets revealed by Abdul-
Baha to the friends of God in Persia,
translated by Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi, having
been received in Chicago a few days
before the Centennial Celebration of the
birth of Baha'o'llah and read on that
memorable occasion.
The tablet addressed to anabe Ameen
speaks of the good health of Abdul-Baha.
It also records the name of the messen-
ger who carried them from Syria to
Persia, Hadji Ramazan.
The tablet in the form of a Commune,
is view-point regarding the
war, and we respectfully suggest to all
that it be read to those who desire to
know the Bahai attitude toward this
world conflagration.
Both tablets are the latest word from
Abdul-Baha 
The Latest Word from Abdul-Baha
TABLET T0 JANABE AMEEN
Janabe Ameen! HE Is 
Although the doors are closed, the Ways and the roads are severed and the
means of communication are lost, yet the ideal ties and inner communications
still exist. Though the mirror and the lights are far apart, yet the uniting
force of the rays and the outpouring of reflections are strong and continuous.
The friends of God must move and conduct themselves with the utmost
uprightness and power, so that all that are in the world of existence may become
amazed at their firmness and steadfastness, their dignity and might.
This servant day and night is thinking of the friends in the utmost joy and
fragrance, supplicating to His Holiness, The Merciful, for unlimited confirma-
tions, so that every drop may become like unto the ocean, full of waves, and
every atom expand in the rays of the sun. This is not much to ask of the
favor of God.
Convey the utmost longing to every one of the friends. Praise be to God!

