82 STA OF
child had to address his brothers and his
parents in a different language. "That-
ever tongue he might use in his outside
work or pleasure he would most cer-
tainly use in his home that-language
which could be fully understood by all.
And how much more important that we
should have for use in- our higher life
with our fellow man a means of com-
munication such as Esperanto furnishes.
You have probably heard from others
here this evening about the Esperanto
translation of the New Testament, said to
be the best rendering yet made from the
most correct Greek version; the regard
that some of the best Hebrew scholars
in England have for the Esperanto ren-
dering of the Old Testament; how the
prayer book of the Roman Catholics and
quite a number of their spiritual writ'-
ings have been acceptably rendered into
Esperanto; ho-w the Swedenborgians, the
Quakers, the Theosophists, the Socialists,
the Scientists, the Red Cross, the Good
Templars and many other organizations
of that kind are using this effective tool
of common thought to make known their
writings to one a.nother a.nd to the world.
And the very best things regarding the
Peace Movement have been written by
Esperantists and published in the organ
of the Universal Esperanto Association
at their headquarters in Geneva. This
ought to be a sufficient answer to the
question which might properly be made
as to the capacity of this common lan-
guage to express their higher thought.
A still stronger example can be given
by a sta.t'ement about a very interesting
matter so far known to but few: A "few
words said in the United States to a. lady
born in the Hawaiian Isla.nds led her to
look into the merits of Esperanto and,
while in Switzerland soon afterwards,
she took the study up further with a
Russian lady residing in Geneva, and,
while lately in Japan, she took the mat-
ter up still further with a blind Russianf
who had just come from London, and
this resulted in a translation into Esper-
anto of a part of one of the deepest
*S:e STAR or THE Wnsr, p. 39, Vol. VII.
THE WEST
books of devotion of the East, which has
since been followed by a translation just
completed in England of a further part
of the same work from the original Per-
sian into Esperanto, which translation
was done jointly by a11 English physi-
cian, a Persian prince in Teheran, a Per-
sian merchant living in London, and
finally passed upon as thoroughly satis-
factory by one of the best Persian schol-
ars in England, a retired English officer
of the East Indian medical service, who
has made the most correct translation of
Omar Khayyam into English. This spe-
cial instance ought to be a sufficient an-
swer to any doubt as to the power of this
common language to help men towards
higher thought in a. universal way.
Esperanto does not say that any one
form of thought is the only form that
is the best. It is free for the use of all.
It is like the sun that shines a11d the
rain that falls alike on the just and the
unjust, but why should we not use it
for the highest things, and, even dis-
satisfied as we are because of our im-
perfections, try to raise our souls into
the higher atmosphere of better com-
munion with God through sympathy
with the common aspirations of our fel-
low man in this way, feel that we
have done something to advance the
world towards the New Day in which
all peoples shall raise their faces towards
the divine Light and be able to call to
God and praise him in the same tongue;
when we may all see that the sons of
God have in common many noble
thought.s which they will be better able
to feel towards one another when a com-
mon means of expressing shall be used.
"We have met here this evening to com-
memorate the life and work of one of the
really gr-eat men of the age; a man
whose life was one of constant service
to humanity and who never lost his love
for and his faith in his fellow man not-
withstanding the many disappointments
that were his lot. But he was greater
than his disappointments, greater than
what may seem to he his unfinished life,
and it now remains for us to do what

