194 STAR OF THE WEST
through the assistance and the bounty of His Holiness, the Single, We are in
perfect health on Mount Carmel, at the home of his honor, Agha Abbas Kuli.
On account of the severance of communication, to inquire about the friends and
convey news of the safety here, his honor, Hadji Ramazan is sent, because no
one else is able to travel this road in these days.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
TABLET TO THE PERSIAN BAHAIS
Commune to be read by the friends of God in Persia.
HE Is Goo!
Thou seest me, my God, on this lofty mountain; the sublime and supreme
threshold; the shelter of every great one and the refuge of all the glorious and
noble.
Verily, the youths Whose hearts were burning with the fire of the love of
God in the past ages have taken shelter meeting place of the pro-
phets, the refuge of his holiness Elijah, the shelter of Isaiah. The spirit of
God, Jesus, the Christ--upon Him be greeting and praise !--passed over it, and
in the Supreme Threshold, pressed by the feet of the Lord of Hosts.
Lord, this is a mountain to which Thou hast given the name Carmel in
the Torah. And thou hast attributed it to Thyself in the innermost heart of
the tablets and scriptures.
Lord, verily, I invoke Thee in this Supreme Threshold, under the wing of
the gloomy nights; pray to Thee with throbbing heart and flowing tears-, implor-
ing Thee, supplicating between Thy hands and cry, my Lord, verily, the fire
of battles is raging in the valleys, hills and streams, and the fire of War is burn-
ing even under the seas and high in the air, in destruction and devastation.
The earth is enveloped by its own fires and the seas are encompassed by its
storms, thunderbolts and floods.
Lord, the souls are stifling, the death rattle is in their throats, the earth
quakes and has become so small that even the birds are frightened in their nests
and the animals terrified in their lairs and caves.
We hear only the sighs of the maidens and the cries of the orphans, the
moaning of the mothers, the tears of the fathers because of false reports. We
see only tears flowing from every bereaved mother and the heart of every father,
bereft of sons, burning. Towns are being devastated, people are perishing, the
children are made orphans and the women are becoming Widows. And this is
only because of our heedlessness of Thy commemoration and our deprivation of
Thy love. Verily, we have been occupied with ourselves. The intoxication of
passion seized us; we have taken the road of heedlessness and blindness; have
abandoned the path of guidance and have chosen the path of obstinacy and
forgotten the commandments of the ancient scriptures. We have forsaken the
exhortations in the preserved tablets and parchments--the great verses.
my Lord! my Lord! I confess and acknowledge the sins. Verily,
every dark calamity and every hard ordeal has surrounded us by our own hands,
in this transient World. Lord, verily, the minds are astounded, the souls
are repelled. And there remain only darkened faces, deaf ea.rs, speechless
tongues and hearts heedless of thy commemoration, filled With human passions
and desires;
Lord, Thou hast said in Thy manifest book and in thy great glad tidings,
with explicit statement, "God does not change that which a people have, until

