60 STAR OF THE VVEST
lost, like unto a drop, in the ocean of
the love of God.
(Vlfords of Abdul-Baha: Tablets of
Abdul-Baha, p. 552.)
The Manifestation of God is a perfect
example of real obedience. Like him We
must sacrifice every thing, every plan,
every longing and ideal must be given
up completely to the will of God. 'We
must look to God for all we desire, all
we Wish to attain. The Will of God must
Work out its purpose in us. Our human
W111 must be la.id down in sacrifice and
love. Abdul-Baha has given everything
in sacrifice and obedience to the will of
God. . . . All our so-ul-powers, our
outward self, our inward self must be
consecrated to God in service and sacri-
fice. Even life must be given if neces-
sary. If We have not reached this station
of nothingness we have not attained to
real obedience to the will of God. A
pupil must submit entirely to the will
of the teacher. This is true sacrifice,
true obedience.
Real obedience and real sacrifice are
identical, they are absolute readiness to
follow and perform Whatever you are
called upon to do in the Cause of God.
When you really love God you will be
willing to sacrifice everything and sub-
mit yourself entirely to His Will. Conse-
crate yourself Wholly to Him. His Will
is everything. His service is paramount.
('Words of Abdul-Baha: Ten Days in
the Light of Acca, p. 4.81)
As to the fact that man must entirely
forget himself. By this is meant that
he should arise in the mystery of sacri-
fice, and that is the disappearance of
mortal sentiments and the extinction of
blamable morals which constitute the
tem-poral gloom, and not that the physi-
cal health should be changed into Weak-
ness and debility.
('Words of Abdul Baha: Tablets of
Abdul-Baha-, p. 244.)
Asceticism is not necessary. A soul
grows by the exercise of human virtues
and the observance of human morals and
by divine favor. The extreme asceticism
of the saints W-as superstition. The mon-
asticism of the Christian church was
mistaken. St. Paul Was. responsible for
much of this because in one of his epis-
tles he praises those Who do not marry
and prophesied that sects Would arise
which would not marry. St. Paul dis-
approved of marriage. But God did not
give us good gifts that We should reject
them. He created all these blessings that
His servants may bless Him.
("lords of Abdul-Baha: From an
article in Review, June,
1911, by Miss E. S. Stevens.)
 
In this day or dispensation asceticism
is of the spiritual type, for spiritual
asceticism is right and is productive of
results. On the one hand a man may
attain virtues by the inherent force of
his nature; on the other hand these vir-
tues may be due to the Weakness of his
nature. For instance, an infant is de-
tached from the World. That severance
or detachment is due to its Weakness.
But a wise man having passed to the
stage of maturity will likewise be de-
tached from the world and care nothing
for the world. Severance at that stage
is indicative of inherent strength of char-
acter. A withered arm is incapable of
stoning or striking anybody. That harm-
lessness is not due to virtue, it is due to
imperfection. But if a person Whose
arm and hand are well and whole shall
not strike, then it is a of
strength and virtue-. A man who is a
mute and dumb cannot lie, but that lacl
of lying" is an indication of his Weakness
110t of his perfection. But he whose'
tongue speaketh and yet lieth not is ver_
ily mighty. . . . A dead man is
harmless, no harm can come from him.
but that is not eulogy. But if he be
alive and harmless that is eulogizing
him. Now We come to the subject.
By enduring ascetic hardships the

