STAR OF TI-IE VVEST 11
A Pilgrimage in Persia
NOTE where we are,-in Afjeh! "We
have come over the ground trodden
by the feet of Baha'o'llah all the way
from Teheran. He walked every step of
the way down to Teheran in the hot sum-
mer sun without covering on his head,
and loaded with heavy chains. Sorrow
overflows at the thought' of his enduring
all so submissively that his glorious
Cause might be established and that we,
so unworthy, might hear of it, accept
and obey his commands.
The valley of Afjeh is wide a11d fer-
tile, with everfiowing mountain streams,
terraced wheat fields, and thousands of
goats and sheep which flock down the
steep paths at dusk about the time the
sweet-voiced singer chants the Azan.
And he-re at the head o-f the valley stand
the ruins of the castle where Baha'o 'l1ah
dwelt at that time o-f the beginning of
trouble. Many evenings at the twilight
hour we go upon the roof of the palace
and there hold you all in remembrance
while chanting prayers and poems of
Baha'o'llah in Persian and English. 
pray that all the World may soon awake
and acknowledge his power and that we,
his followers, may all be established in
integrity a11d more consecrated to
service.
We have a few days longer in this
blessed retreat, and then go clown the
mountain again, tracing the path his
feet have trod, to begin our life so full
of work and of pure satisfaction. We
hope for renewed consecration.
(D12) Susan I. Moody.
The Economic Teaching of Abdul-Baha
(Continued from page 7)
tion will remain for the benefit of all.
The employes must benefit from them
as well as the managers.
Abdul-Baha has also said some remark-
able things along the line of income and
inheritance taxation, He said, for in-
stance, while in this country: "In fu-
ture a manufacturer will not be allowed
to lea.ve all his property to his own fam-
ily. A la.w will be made something like
he must leave one-quarter
only of his property to his family, and
the other three-quarters must go to the
factory workers who have created his
wealth."
Indications of the realization of these
predictions are already evident along
many lines. A new feeling is manifest-
ing itself in the commercial life of our
country. Many of the great department
stories which furnished formerly the
most vivid illustrations of money mania,
are now showing the new spirit. For in-
stance, the fine establishment of Filene's
in Boston has for years carried on a
profit-sharing plan with its employes,
which has worked admirably for the en-
richment of the concern, and has created
an excellent feeling both among em-
ployes and customers. Moreover, the in-
fiuence of the heads of this establishment
has gone far and wide, and always in the
same direction. The principle of the
house has been that the endeavor of an
institution must not be first of all to
make money, but first to give good serv-
ice to the public and fair treatment to
employes. Filene's is the pioneer enter-
prise in realizing such principles and
has given them wide publicity. Mean-
while the idea is bearing fruit every-
where and one sees its expression in the
trade journals and in advertising. In
former days we looked to our poets and
preachers for the enunciation of noble
sentiments and inspiring ideals, but now
we find these not only on the stage, but
in the advertising columns of our daily
papers. For instance, here is an ex-
pression of feeling from Henry P.
Vllillianis who is the head of an adver-
tising firm in Chicago:
"The man of real progress is always
mentally, just a little ahead o-f where
he is now. The idealist, the man of real
imagination, seizes upon the present fact,

