80 STAR OF
servants of God is an assured and cer-
tain fact.
Baha'o'llah has proclaimed the prom-
ise of the oneness of humanity. There-
fore we must exercise the utmost love
toward one another. We must be loving
to all the people of the world. We must
not consider any people the people of
Satan, but know and recognize all as the
servants of the one God. At most it is
this,--some do not know, they must be
guided and trained. They must be
taught humanitarianism and encouraged
in the acquisition of virtues. Some are
ignorant,--they must be informed. Some
THE WEST
are as children, undeveloped,--they must
be helped to reach maturity. Some are
ailing,--their moral condition is bad,--
they must be- treated until their morals
are purified. But the sick man is not to
be hated because he is sick,--the child
must not be shunned because he is a
ignorant one is not to be
despised because he lacks knowledge.
They must be treated, educated, trained
and assisted in love. Everything must
be done, in order that all humanity may
live under the shadow of God in the
utmost happiness of the
highest type.
The Religious Aspect of Esperanto
Address by Mr. Rufus W. Powell,
TPIE topic assigned to me this evening
is one which it is very difficult to
treat adequately in the ten minutes
given for its presentation, and all that
I can hope to do is to stimulate you to
serious consideration of an important
aspect of a movement which is destined
to play a large part in the future adapta-
tion of basic religious thought to the
broad social and economic life of hu-
manity. But the difficulty to a layman
in speaking under such circumstances is
greatly lessened by the fact that the
presentation is made from a platform
which represents such firm conviction in
fundamental truth that it does not fear
question and, While loyal to its 0-wn
given in New York City, recently
form of Worship and doctrine, judges
others only by their faith in reality and
leaves to them the full right to their
own history and their own lives in the
sight of God. For, no matter what any
of us may say, we all believe in some-
thing beyond and above us although
now but imperfectly comprehending
just what that beyond and above may
be. The tree does. not know why its
sap rises and its life begins anew ea-ch
springtime. So we cannot ourselves
quite understand what has given us the
impulse forward.
Abdul-Baha has said that "when a
man turns his face to God he sees sun-
shine everywhere. All men are his broth-
*Dr. Ludoviko Lazaro Zamenhof, a. Russian-
Polish Jew, was born in Bjelostok, Russia, De-
cember 15, 1859 (Russian calendar, December
3rd). He died in Varsovio, April 14, 1917.
His father was a teacher of French and Ger-
man, therefore giving the young Zamenhof an
opportunity to get acquainted with the lan-
guages in his early boyhood. At the age of
four years the boy showed such brilliancy as
to read and write although he was of a deli-
cate constitution. In 1869- he commenced to
study in the Bjelostok high school. Later, in
1873, his parents sent him to Varsovio to study,
where his father was an education inspector
and sometime later a professor.
The following quotations are from 'his own
words (Espcrantaj Prozajij, pp. 239, 244, 246):
was born at Bjelostok, in the province -of
Grodno. This scene of my birth and childhood
determined the trend of my 'future aspirations.
In Bjelostok the population contains four different
elements--Russians, Poles, Germans and Jews.
Each of these sections speaks a different lan-
guage,' and is on bad terms with the others.
. . . I was educated to be an idealist; I was
taught that all men were brothers, while, all
the time, everything around me made me feel
that men did not exist; there only existed Rus-
sians, Poles, Germans, Jews, and so on."
After describing various steps in the evolution
of Esperanto, Dr. Zamenhof continues 
"Practical experience convinced me that the
language still lacked an intangible something,
a unifying element, which would give life and a
definite spirit, . . I began to avoid literal
translations from this or that language, and tried
to think straight away in the neutral tongue.
I then noticed that the language . . . ac-
quired a spirit of its own."
Referring to the momentous final step which
he took, in 1887, by publishing his language to
the world. Dr. Zamenhof says 
felt that I stood on the banks of the Rubi-
con, and that from the day that my booklet
appeared, I should no longer have the possibility
of retreating; I knew the fate that awaits a
medical man who depends on the public, if that
public looks upon him as a crank, as a man who
occupies himself with outside matters; I felt I
was staking the future peace of mind of myself
and my family; but I could not give up the idea,
which had entered into the fibres of my being,
and I crossed the Rubicon." The Editors.

