108 STAR OF
have brought to Boston a new bounty.
Boston never again will be the same.
Its spiritual center has been established
by the supplications of every heart here
to the Center of Reality.
"Our service here is to put into mo-
tion a great spiritual tide. The tides
of the ocean move to the attraction of
the moon, and the tide is really the
effort of the ocean to lift itself up to
the moon of its attraction. And this
great spiritual tide here is the effort of
these hearts, and the unified love of this
assembly to lift it-self up to the orb of
the Covenant, to the moon of guidance.
Therefore, we cease to? be individual in
our real Work, and we become a living
stream of spiritual fire that shall mold
the peoples of the World into the great
streams which are moving always toward
the orb of the Covenant."
After giving a full Mashrak-el-Azkar
report Mr. Randall mentioned that some
of the pledges read "As much as We
can give" and some "one-nineteenth of
all I earn." In every case where these
were the forms of the subscriptions the
subscriptions seemed to increase all the
time. Prosperity seemed to co-me to
the people who were giving one-nine-
teenth, and to those who said will
give all I can." "Thus many of the
pledgers, continued Mr. Randall, "have
doubled and trebled the amount' of their
pledges. So that a little more of this
Wonderful prosperity, a little more of
this deep spiritual insight into the great
foundation of the Mashrak~el-Azkar,
will, I hope, enable us to cable to our
beloved Master before the fall that We
have- the sum which permit us to
prepare for the building."
Mr. Randall summed the spirit of
our Work together in these Words: "The
great binding love of the C-enter of the
Covenant is not a philosophy. That
binding and unifying power is not the
language of Words, but it is a language
of the deep spiritual lovewhich brings
us all together in the great unifying
THE WEST
power of oneness and the desire to make
our efforts a oneness."
The New Booklets.
Mr. Roy C. Wilhelm 's attractive book-
lets, merrily called "Big Bens" and
"Little Bens," were one of the bright
features of the convention. They made
their debut at the Rizwan Feast, as fa-
vors, and so popular did they become
that the edition of 15,0-00 is sold and
another edition of 75,000 is just filled.
say," explained Mr.
\7Vilhelm, 'Your meeting Was interest-
ing, and some very beautiful things were
said, but I am not sure I know What it
is all ab-out.' Now if we can place in
their hands something, at an expense so
small that We can give them out liberally,
something they can take home and read
at their leisure and thus get the princi-
ples this movement stands for, they are
very 'likely to speak of this matter to
some good friend whose judgment they
value, and pass the booklet on."
These booklets may be purchased from
the nearest assembly or from the Bahai
Publishing Society, 4319 L-ake Park ave-
nue, Ghicago, Ill. The price is $19 a
thousand for the big and $9 a thousand
for the little booklets. The plan is for
every Bahai in the United States to
keep these at hand and daily put some
into circulation.
Mr. Albert I-I. Hall made a motion
which Was carried: "That this Unity
recommend the early publication in
standard form of all the Tablets of
Baha'o'llah thus far translated into
English and which are available to us
through English translations approved
by the board, with the exception of the
Kitab-cl-Akdas and the I that these
publications be in a standard form, con-
templating the uniformity With future
publications of Abdul-Baha; and that
for the purpose of promoting and accom-
plishing that Work Mr. Roy C. 'Wilhelm
and Miss Mary Lesch be appointed a
special committee to co-ordinate this
Unity with the Bahai Publishing So~

