Z10 STAR OF
tributes, my comfort and my name in the
path of God and I have chosen no dig-
nity or possession save the obedience of
Baha' and no name or title save "Abdul-
Baha" (servant of Baha'). Therefore
be content with this and follow in my
Words and wishes, because in so doing
the blessed trees of life springing up in
the paradise of God will become green
and verdant.
If you desire to speak in praise, praise
the Beauty of El-Abha; if you desire to
commend, commend the name of your
Supreme Lord; for if you exalt the Tree
you also exalt the Branch. If you men-
tion the sea you are also mentioning its
gulf and bays. Therefore mention the
"Beauty of Abha" by this sweet com-
mand among the people, for in my com-
mand is contained his command, my at-
tributes are embodied in his attributes.
If, therefore, you commend a man you
commend all related to him. This is that
upon which all the believers will unite
and harmonize. Therefore let nothing
arise to cause separation among the
chosen ones.
(Abdul-Baha.)
I ask one favor of all the friends of
God: It is the wish of my soul that they
may all praise me only in my utter ser-
vitude to the Holy Threshold, without
any interpretation and not to commend
Abdul-Baha with any other than the
words and explanations which have
proceeded from the very pen of this
servant; that they may depart by no
means therefrom, but confine themselves
to that same measure.
Verily, my qualification, praise, rank,
name, title, being, substance, reality and
renown is "Abdul-Baha," and I have
no grade except this.
The friends of God shall certainly
agree with the request made by this ser-
vant with the utmost lowliness and hu-
mility. They shall thus rejoice this af-
flicted heart and bestow new life upon
THE WEST
this weak body, so that by hearing this
mighty glad tidings and obtaining this
divine gift Abdul-Baha may rejoice and
find divine gladness and exultation.
(Abdul-Baha: From Tablet to Mirza
Ali Kuli Khan and Mirza Abul Fazl;
translated by Mirza Khan, June 4,1903.)
 wi
I am a servant and this station I have
chosen for myself.
(Ab dul-B aha. 
I am serving God. I am the servant
of God. I give sight to the blind, hear-
ing to the deaf, the power of speech to
the mute and knowledge to the ignorant.
I raise the dead, I deliver those who are
in darkness and guide them into the
realm of light. I make the poor rich
and the weak powerful. I satisfy the
hungry ones with the bread of life and
allay the thirsty ones with the pure
water of immortality. This is my work.
(Abdul-Baha: Diary of Mirza Sohrab,
June 30, 1914.) 
 
Servitude to all the human race is my
perpetual religion. Through the bounty
and favor of the Blessed Perfection,
Abdul-Baha is the ensign of the Most
Great Peace, which is waving from the
Supreme Apex; and through the gift
of the Greatest Name, he is the lamp of
universal salvation, which is shining
with the light of the love of God. The
herald of the Kingdom is he, so that he
may awaken the people of the East and
of the West. The voice of friendship,
uprightness, truth and reconciliation is
he, so as to cause acceleration through-
out all regions. . . . . Through the
appearance of the Blessed Perfection the
theories are abrogated and the facts
established. The time of superficialty is
gone by and the cycle of reality has
appeared. One must become the incar-
nation of servitude, the personification

