214 STAR OF
Covenant and tt is mentioned in all the
tablets and in all the early Books and
in the later tablets. It is the governor
of the era of Shadad and the balance of
the day of rechontng. It ts the life-boat
and the refuge of the fa-tare. It is the
holy fragrance of Holiness, the
Creator, and the Breaths of Life of the
garden of the Creator. It is the strong
fortress; therefore it is a sure shelter
for all created beings, and in brief, it is
the sum of all the sacred writings,
ancie-nt and modern!
How happy is the man who lays hold
upon God; trusts in him, remains firm
and inwardly becomes confirmed in the
love of God and takes refuge under his
banner!
(Words of Abdul-Baha: A tablet re-
vealed for a believer in Teheran, sent to
America by Dr. Moody.)
The radiance of servitude shining
from the Candle of the Testament has
illumined all horizons in spite of the
people of discord, and the renown of the
grandeur of the Blessed Perfection hath
caused such an outcry throughout the
world that it hath made the limbs of
all nations quiver.
All the religions of the world have the
loud cry of "Woe unto us I on their lips,
and the cry of "Woe to our Faith!"
which is raised by the ignorant, is heard
in the east and west. The power of the
blessed Cause has such effulgence that
it has become apparent to all peoples;
a.nd all the nations and creeds have
acknowledged and confessed the great-
ness of the Cause of God. Had it not
been for the injuries inflicted by the
party of conceit (the nakazeen), the
world of existence would have been in
this day an exalted garden. But the
people of conceit, being heedless of this
cup mixed with kafur (a fountain in-
tended to be drunk by the true and firm
believers), have imagined that they can
upset the standard of the Testament,
and that they can disappoint the de-
THE WEST
livered nations. They have poured forth
seditious rumors o-n the lips and tongues
0-f all people, and they have made calmn-
nating statements, hoping by this means
to mingle the contents' of the pre-exist
ent cup of the Testament with the bit-
terness of violation. Far, far be it from
them to do this!
Jesus Christ--llrIay my soul be a sacri-
fice to only a few followers
in the time of his departure. Then after
his departure all the kings of the world,
philosophers of all nations, learned men
of all races, and wise men of all creeds,
arose to suppress and degrade his cause;
but finally, all the standards hoisted by
those numerous nations were upset, and
the banner of Jesus Christ was fluttering
on the loftiest mountain.
Now, praise be unto God, that hun-
dreds of thousands of souls have assem-
bled under the standard of the Cove-
nant through the assistance of the
Blessed Perfection. I declare by the
Educator of the visible and invisible, it
will evidently be witnessed that the de-
scendants of the violators will think their
descent as a disgrace and will disown
their fathers and forefathers, just as
Akrania, the son of Abudjah1,* kept
clear of his father, and Kaled, the son
of Valid, left his father. As these dark-
ened people (nakazeen) have imagined
that the power of the divine Testament
is but a power of man, and that the
edifice of the Covenant is as one of the
baseless foundations of the material
world, they are plotting to destroy this
divine edifice with all intrigues and
machinations.
Praise be to God, that the power of
Nero, the great Roman emperor, proved
impotent to withstand the cause of
these weak souls are plot-
Abudjahl was the uncle of Moham-
med and his greatest enemy. His name
was Abul-Hakam (the father of wis-
dom); but for his envy and opposition,
the prophet named him, Abudjahl (the
father of ignorance.) Bagdadt.

