50 STAR OF THE WEST
C-ause; gird up the loins of endeavor and
put forward extraordinary energy.
When a Cause is confirmed it is evi-
dent and ma.nifest from its signs. For
example, We say this earth is co-nfirmed.
VVhy.'? Because, as a result of the down-
pour of rain and the shining of the sun
it is covered with green plants and flow-
ers.
Again I say, teach the Cause! Do not
tarry! Fill the goblet of every seeker
with the wine of the love of God! . . . .
Green Acre in 1917
SINCE last year's pentecostal out-
pouring on the quiet hills by the
Piscataqua, "The River of Light," the
friends of Green Acre have been count-
ing the days until they might return
thereto in the summer of 1917.
During the past yea.r Miss Sarah
Farmer, the founder o-f Green Acre, has
ascended into the Supreme Concourse.
A beautiful Bahai service was held at
her home in South Eliot, on the occasion
of her passing. Her saintly and lumi-
nous spirit will rest over the conferences
this summer even more gloriously than
during last August for now she is free
from the prison-house of the body.
May the new and mighty wave of
spiritual power which has this past year
swept the Bahai world rise and burst
into such splendor at Green Acre this
summer that it may illumine the entire
continent.
Abdul-Baha has taken great joy in
Green Acre and made radiant predic-
tions for its future. Among his first
words upon his return to the city of
Acca in Palestine from his World jour-
ney through Europe and America were
these concerning Green Acre.
"There is a place in America," he
said one evening when the friends had
assembled to meet him, "called Green
Acre. It is customary during the months
of summer for people of different creeds
and religions to gather there and the
leaders of various movements and
thoughts to deliver lectures and ad-
dresses. Thus they have combined most
effectively education and recreation.
The significance and usefulness of this
unique place lie in the fact that it
offers a free and unrestricted platform
to the citizens of every nation and the
adherents of every religion. Thus every
subject is discussed with that full liberty
of conscience which is enjoyed in the
United States.
"The founder of these conferences
wherein every nationality and religion
is worthily represented, is Sarah J.
Farmer. To her is due all praise and
commendation for having thus initiated
this wonderful plan Which must be car-
ried out to its logical uni-
versal platform for all mankind, irre-
spective of race, religion or nationality.
"As the name, Green Acre, is similar
to that of Acca, when I arrived there
I was made very happy. I spent one
week in that green and delightful Acca.
They had a large meeting every evening
at which many people gathered, and I
s-poke to them on spiritual subjects. I
met there many cultured and educated
people. It is a most beautiful country
place. Its water is pure, its air salubri-
ous and its atmosphere is spiritual.
There are many pine woods and 11nder
a cluster of fine old trees people gather
to hear lectures. Mirza Abul Fazl, when
in Green Acre, used to give some of his
addresses under these pines, so they are
known as the 'Persian pines.' I went
there one afternoon; many people had
gathered, and I spoke on the Bahai
teachings."
While sojourning in Paris, on his re-
turn from America en route to Pales-
tine, Abdul-Baha pictured to some
friends interested in GreenAcre, the ulti-
mate ideals on which as a sure founda-
tion its future should be built.
"In Green Acre you must concentrate
your forces around the one all important

