308 STAR OF
day and at evening-tide a11d morning-
tide to the service of the friends and
taught the little ones who drew nourish-
ment from the breast of Thy favor until
her body gave out, her strength failed,
her body disintegrated and her form
dissolved. Then, supported by Thy
favor, she returned to Thee, eager to
behold Thee near by. Verily Thou art
the sublime Refuge, the Faithful, All-
sufficient, the Dear and Illustrious, the
Most Supreme!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Revealed in Haifa, July 1, 1921.
Translated i11 Teheran, Persia, October
12, 1921.)
KAPPES MEMORIAL FUND
from a letter writ'-te'n from Te-
herrm, Persia, the of Sep-
tember, 1921, by Miss Elizabeth
Sltewa-rt to M-rs. I. D. 
Dr. Moody you know is now very busy
collecting for the Lillian Kappes Memo-
rial Fund to erect a good school building
and also to purchase the land for the
same. There are over two hundred
scholars and no place for them. Before
Lillie's departure she started this fund.
After she passed over, Dr. Moody said
she would finish this work, for you know
Abdul-Baha tells us the Tarbiat School
in Teheran will eventually be the first
school of the world. Among her sub-
scribers, Dr. Moody has many who are
not Bahais, and are of all nationalities,
and you would be surprised to see how
readily and with what great love they all
respond. It l1as been a great pleasure to
her. She first secured permission from
the Mahfel Rouhani to proceed with the
work. Then Abdul-Baha sent her a beau-
tiful message through Dr. Lotfullah:
"Bravo Dr. Moody! Be sure she will
succeed in this noble work. I will pray
for her." Dr. Lotfullah added: "He is
very pleased with you and you are al-
ways remembered by him. 
Every one who knew Lillian is so glad
to help this along, for her work here is
THE WEST
not fully known. It has been wonderful
indeed, nor has it been appreciated, for
she truly gave her life for was al-
ways on her heart and through every-
thing she stood for her own methods of
training the children, from which now
we can see some results. The girls who
get their certificates from the yearly ex-
aminations of the Darol Fonoon (Gov-
ernme-nt University) are always sought
for teachers because they have been
trained by Miss Kappes. Moslems have
brought their daughters and have
said: "Please take her and have her
study in your school, under your care."
Lillie was loved by all, and she brought
up this school from a mere handful to
over two hundred pupils and twelve or
fourteen teachers. All ha.ve been per-
sonally trained by her.
Dr. Moody began to collect at Naurooz
and since then has sent out to places and
countries, with slips such as I am now
enclosing copy of the receipt for
subscriptions to the L. V. Kappes Me-
morial School fund, headed with a me-
dallion picture of Lillie Kappes). I am
enclosing this for you and Dr. Moody
sends word if you think of any special
place report from America at all, but from
London there have been sent sixteen hun-
dred and thirty-two dollars The
amount gathered here has been sixteen
hundred and thirty tomans (or dollars).
From Esphahan the women have sent
thirty tomans. So she has now over
three thousand tomans and is beginning
to look for land, which is very high.
There is much work to do and much
money needed. Please speak of it when-
ever you can and urge the friends in
America--Lillian's own to
forget this work. Dr. Moody will be very
grateful. We have the impression that it
should be built as quickly as possible.
The building is so needed.
'Ne are awaiting the coming of the
new teacher. V\-le hope she will not be
delayed.
Elizabeth Stewairt.

