STAR OF THE TVEST 71
came to lay the founda-
tio11 of a universal temple in the hearts
of humanity, and because this universal
temple is in need of an outward symbol,
has instituted this great law of having
a physical temple (the Mashreq'ul-
Azkar) where all humanity may worship
God in accord with their conscience, an
exterior, outward temple, the ideals and
the aims of which may tally and corres-
pond with that inner, interior temple
of the heart. The inner temple universal
is a temple where God resides, the outer
temple, which is also universal, is a place
where there are no priests, where there
are no rites, where there are no cere-
monies but purely God who is the uni-
versal Father of all humanity and is
worshipped With the utmost simplicity.
Just as B.irm'o'LL.xn has opened the
door of this inner universal temple so
that out of it universal love may issue
forth, likewise the door of the physical
universal temple must be opened for all
and out of its gates the lights of univer~
sal love must be scattered to all parts of
the globe. Consequently, We hope that
through the institution of these two tem-
ples always going and advancing side by
side the inner temple of the heart, the
outer temple of the world, thus through
the co-operation of these two universal
temples the world of humanity may be
freed from the claws of the ferocious
beasts of superstition and fanaticism, the
temple of brotherhood, the temple of
unity, the temple of spirituality and co-
operation to be built in the heart and
out of the heart, this outer symbol, thus
they may Work harmoniously and make
this world as one home, the children of
men as one flock and God as the univer-
sal Shepherd. 
In truth, when we listen with the ear
of the spirit today we hear the people
of all religions crying at the top of
their voices that the spirit has left their
temples. What was the cause of the
banishment of the Spirit from these tem-
pies"? Because the leaders of the church
wanted to organize the Spirit, they want-
ed to institutionalize the Holy Ghost,
and thus they lost the great boon of
spiritual spontaneity and unification.
God, therefore, has a great gift for the
world of humanity today. He has freed
the spirit of worship from the chains and
fetters of ecclesiasticism so that mankind
may grow i11 this immensity of God's
love with the greatest freedom, with the
greatest liberty and with the greatest joy
and happiness (applause).
The Thirteenth Mashreq'u1-Azkar Convention
and Bahai Congress
By Louis G. Ganeoav
The Feast of El-Rizwan 
CITICAGO, beloved by Abdul-Baha as
the spot where the Divine Cause
first touched America, was the scene of
the Thirteenth Mashreq'ul-Azkar Con-
vention, with its meetings for teaching.
"Let us be silent and turn our
thoughts to Abdul-B aha 
Mr. Albert R. \Vindust, presiding,
opened the Feast of El-Rizwan, com-
memorating the Declaration of 
LLAI-I, with these words. The spiritual
melody, Softly his voice is calling now"
followed, after which prayers revealed
by Abdul-Baha were read:
my God! my God! "Te are ser-
vants who have sincerely turned our
faces unto Thy Grand Face, severed our-
selves from all else save Thee in this
great day and are assembled together in
this glorious meeting, of one accord and
desire, and unanimous in thought to
promulgate Thy Word amid Thy crea-
tures.
my Lord! my Lord! Sufier us

