STAR OF THE WEST 107
raised and unfurled among the colored
race and through the eifort of the
friends the lights of guidance be dif-
fused, so that the accomplishments of
the black race may equal those of the
white race.
Convey the wonderful Abha greeting
to the maid-servant of God, Mrs. Marie
Botay, and work with her in the guid-
ance of thy race, and endeavor thou so
that thy respected Wife may be led by
the light of guidance.
Upon thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
"Tashington, D. C., April 19, 1910.)

(From a Tablet to Charles Mason
Remey):
dear friend!
. . . . . You have written that
there were several meetings of joy and
happiness--one for white and another
for colored people. Praise be to God!
As both races are under the protection
of the All-Knowing God, therefore, the
lamps of unity must be lighted in such
a manner in these meetings that no dis-
tinction be perceived between the white
and colored. Colors are phenomenal,
but the realities of men are essence.
Wl1en there exists unity of the essence,
what power has the phenomenal? Wh611
the light of reality is shining, what
power has the darkness of the unreal'?
If it be possible, gather together these
two races--black and white--into one
Assembly. . . . Moreover, by the
Will of God, may it be so. This is a
great service to humanity.
Mr. Gregory is at present in great
happiness. He Went to Acca and visited
the Holy Threshold and the Supreme
Court. He is now, day and night,
mingling with the friends of God and
Abdul-Baha in joy and gladness. 
will return to America very soon, and
you, the white people, should then honor
and welcome this shining colored man in
such a way that all the people will be
astonished. . . . . .
Upon you be the Glory of God!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
(Words of Abdul-Baha--copied from
notes taken at Acca by Mr. and Mrs.
I-Iannen, February, 1909):
There should be no differentiation be-
tween the blacks and the whites. All
are the creatures of God. All are
created by one God. There is no black
and white in the Kingdom of God. The
purest heart is the best Whether White or
black. I had a by
was better than a hundred
whites. He was so good tempered, so
faithful and trustworthy. One would
be amazed at his intelligence.
The question of the races is one which
is extremely regrettable. For the blacks
hate the Whites, While the Whites distrust
the blacks. You must overcome this by
showing them that you make no dis-
tinction. The end will be very unfortu-
nate for both if the diflferences are not
removed.
(Words of Abdul-Baha--copied from
STAR or TI-IE August 1, 1912) 
Consider the kingdom of the animals;
there is no strife among them on ac-
count of color or creed. If you select a
pigeon from Persia, another from Ger-
many, another from France, America,
and so on, you would find them living
together in complete union and love.
Because one was American, it would not
object to its companion from Persia.
The birds of white plumage would not
shun those of black and brown. They
would not notice this difference in color,
but would dwell together in peace and
harmony. Should we not at least attain
to their state and possibility? We have
reason; We have consciousness. God has
taught us through these channels that
we were created for unity and love. The
heavenly prophets have revealed the
principles of His VVill and W'ord. Let us

