196 STAR OF
he finally put into a small handbag.
As he did this, he talked to us. He
said, "This location here by the Tomb
is very beautiful."
We said, "Yes, we enjoy it greatly."
Then he talked to us a little about
the Bab. He said, "After the Bab was
martyred, his body was kept in Persia
for several years. It was never kept in
the same place for more than a few
years. Not many of the friends, even,
knew where it was at any one time.
After a long time it was brought here
to Haifa, and placed in the Tomb on
Mt. Carmel."
Cora asked how long ago it was
brought here. I think the Master's reply
Was, about twenty-four or five years
ago.
Cora asked Mirza Lotfullah to say
that we hoped that the Master was feel-
ing more rested.
He replied, No, he was not rested, but
that did not matter. And his expres-
sion implied that physical weariness
was a matter of small concern.
Abbas Kuli brought to- the Master
a little tray with a teapot full of what
looked like tea. The Master poured out
some and drank it, explaining that it
was a kind of herb drink. Then Abbas
Kuli brought us tea in the lovely
little Persian glasses. Afterward he
came in with a tray full of things to
eat and placed it on a chair in front
of us. The Master told us to- eatf "He
says you must eat your breakfast here,"
Mirza Lotfullah interpreted. We did not
really want to eat--when we could be
looking at the lVLaster--but at his com-
mand we ate a little. The tray had o-n
it ripe figs, ripe olives, honey, and slices
of white bread,--and the latter were the
only slices of' white bread we saw on
our whole journey! I ate one or two
figs, and a few olives. After a time the
tray was passed to the tall Oriental next
us. Thus we had breakfast with the
Master at the Tomb of the Bab! As we
ate he was silent, looking out of the
window upon the sea of Acca. His beau-
THE VVEST
tiful profile was outlined against the
window; his gaze seemed to dwell on
distant I could not but
think of those long yearsof imprison-
ment that he had spent in barred Acca.
Some slight vision of all he had suffered
swept over me. I knew then, beyond all
question, that I had found him as the
Master. My spirit knelt in humility at
his feet.
After a while he gave the bag he had
been arranging to Rouhi Effendi, and
said that he was ready to go down the
mountain. \Ve followed him from the
house to where Esfendiar was waiting
with the carriage. We had expected to
walk down the mountain, but after the
Master had ascended to the middle seat,
he motioned to us to get in the back seat.
And so Cora and I rode down Mt. Carmel
with the Lord of our hearts. No word
was said, but We were very happy. At
the gate of his house he alighted, and,
saluting us with uplifted hand, he left
us and entered his home!
At the Pilgrim House we found Rouhi
Effendi and Mirza Lotfullah, who had
walked down and were there before us.
Then we ate of the breakfast that Fugeta
had prepared!
September 5, 1920.
This morning all of us had finished
breakfast at about 7 :45 and were sitting
at the table talking. No, Mirza Mo-
hammed Said had not finished; he had
just come in, and was waiting for
Fugeta to bring him some tea. Suddenly
Mrs. Hoagg said, "The Master is com-
ing!" She had seen him pass the
window! We all rose, just as he entered
the door. He came in like a ray of light
and life. He sat down at the end of the
table, bade us be seated; told Fugeta
to- give Said Effendi his breakfast. But
Said Effendi did not eat! He drank
the tea Fugeta brought, because, as he
said 1ater--that was not so hard to do,
but he could not eat toast and eggs while
the Master was speaking! We quite

