"lt is the time which His Holiness Christ calls the
'Days of Marriage.' 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
To his honor Mr. Alwyn J. Baker, Berke-
ley, him be greeting
and praise of Mrs. 
Frankland.
He Is Gad!
thou who art seeking for Truth!
Your letter has been forwarded. I
have no opportunity to write a detailed
answer, so I am obliged to be brief.
The point is, that the Cause of BAHA
is inclusive of all perfections and
supplies all the needs of the world of
humanity. But this cannot be accom-
plished in a short time. Time is needed.
This will gradually be realized.
When a divine farmer sows the seed,
the crops cannot be immediately gathered
in, but it is certain that the seed will
develop into a harvest. The seed which
His Holiness my soul be
sacrificed for Him grew into a
harvest within three hundred years.
Vile are now at the commencement of
the shining forth of the Sun of Reality.
It is the time which His Holiness Christ,
calls the "days of marriage." No doubt
the house is not in order, but the time
will come when it will come under order.
They put some questions pertaining to
wisdom and philosophy to his honor
Paul. He said that before he recognized
Christ he knew everything; but after he
came to know Cmist, he forgot every-
thing. was filled with Christ and so
they should ask him about Christ, be-
sides whom he was ignorant of every-
thing whatsoever.
In the Tablets of His Holiness BAI-IA
there are many philosophic
questions. For example, the Tablet of
Wisdom, but it has not yet been trans-
lated. It may be found that his honor
Fazel Mazandarani gave this Tablet to a
Persian expert to translate into Eng-
lish. In His Tablets "He has encouraged
and rather urged (the people) to study
philosophy. Therefore, in the religion
of BAHA philosophy is highly
esteemed.
As to life, however, it has had no be-
ginning, nor will it have any end. The
eternal grace of God has always been
the cause of life. It has had no starting
point and it will not approach any end.
But concerning the degrees through
which the soul has gone, these degrees
are spiritual. Consider all the advance-
ment of the word of humanity which is
at present manifest and known. This
has been realized through the spirit. The
manifestation of the will o-f the Omnipo-
tent, in the universe, means the mani-
festation of the divine laws and disci-
plines which are essential to the realities
of beings, and in the world of the King-
dom they are ideals which in the appear-
ance of the holy Manifestations (of God)
are realized.
The fruits of the deeds of man, i. 
the harvest of the reward of man's con-
duct, is gathered in the heavenly realm.
But as to evolution, it is true of both
the body and the spirit. Consider how
many sciences, arts, discoveries and
achievements have come into existence
since the days of Moses till the present
time through the progress of the human
soul in knowledge and perfections. Sim-
ilarly, how much the soul has evolved
from the moral point of view. From the
material standpoint, you can see also how
much civilization has progressed.
In short, I wrote the answer in brief.
No doubt you will understand realities
in detail thereby.
Unto thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Aziz "Ulla-h S. Baha-
dur, Mount Carmel, Palestine, December
2, 1920.)

