STAR OF
The second part of the texts of the re-
ligious books are all about supernat-
ural things, about spiritual phenomena,
belief in God, in the immortality of the
soul, in the angel or devil, heaven or hell,
resurrection and various other ideas with
which we are familiar. This second
pa.rt is shared in common in all the re-
ligious books, and those ideals belonging
to the second part, if they are not in
accord with reason and science, are
superstitions and must be thrown away.
The third part are the miracles or
extraordinary events attributed to the
prophets by their followers. All the
prophets of the past have achieved cer-
tain miracles, have performed extraord-
inary things, but the strange part of this
fact is that although the followers of
one prophet believe in all the miracles
that their own has performed, they ne-
gate and deny similar miracles per-
formed by another prophet.
The fourth part are the ceremonies,
the rituals, the ecclesiastical rites which
are existent more or less in different re-
ligions, in different languages. They
may speak in various tongues, but they
all mean the same thing. Now if these
rituals are conducive to the purification
of the soul, to the making of citizenship,
of manhood, if they give spirituality and
independence and responsibility to the
worshipper, they are all good, and are
rendering their service in their own
place, but if they do not do that they
are just useless impedimenta, intellec-
tual and spiritual.
The fifth and most important part,
which is the kernel of the religions, are
the moral and the ethical teachings which
arc alike and identical in all the re-
ligions. If you place side by side the re-
ligio-us books of the world, study them
impartially, you will gain this deep in-
sight that they are all teaching the same
lesson, they are all inculcating the same
fundamental norms. Their lessons con-
sist in spiritual unity of mankind, in the
refinement of character, in the ethereali-
zation of the soul so that we may learn
THE VVEST
common sense and live side by side with
the spirit' of fellowship, kindness and
comradeship.
To illustrate, Moses says, you must
love your neighbor. Christ explains the
same idea only a step higher, that it is
not a great thing for you to love your
friend, you must love your enemy; should
some one strike you on your right cheek,
show him the left also. Confucius de-
clares the same ideal by saying, do not
like anything to be done to others that
you would not like it to be done to you.
Mohammed says, if you are walking
along the street and some one comes
and curses you, do not seem to hear it,
but continue to walk, but if he persists
in cursing, you should turn to him and
say, "Peace be upon you" (laughter and
applause). Again he says, the real be
liever is that soul from whose tongue
and whose hand the people are safe.
Thus has the golden rule been explained
or taught in different ages, in various
languages, with the hope that humanity
would practice them.
Zoroaster, the prophet of Persia, takes
men to a higher plane when he teaches
that it is not your merit to love humanity,
because you have to love your own kind,
but your merit consists in your love for
the animal kingdom. Do not harm an
ant which is such a tiny creature be-
cause the ant has life and life is precious
and sweet. Therefore, all the sacrifices,
all the persecutions, all the contumely
that the prophets of the past went
through was for this one, chief aim, to
teach humanity how to act and live
peacefully and avoid and shun misun-
derstandings.
I was speaking with an individual
about the prophethood of Mohammed
and when I explained to him that Mo-
hammed was also the prophet of Arabia
and had come to teach the sons of the
desert the knowledge of God he said 
have read the Koran from beginning to
end and I have 11ot found there one word
about God, but always Mohammed says


