Z66 STAR OF THE WEST
by its religions, and the second by its
inventions. Both are essential for the
life of our body politic. Abdul-Baha
has departed at Haifa, Palestine, the
Holy Land, wherein the prophets ap-
peared throughout centuries and ages,
and this fact has been demonstrated to-
day in the departure of Abdul-Baha.
We are not the only ones who are weep-
ing for him in Whom We take pride.
Nay, rather, there are many in Europe
and America and in all the world who
thirst for his universal principles which
are conducive to real brotherhoo-d, who
are weeping, to-0, for missing Abdul-
Baha. Abdul-Baha has departed after
remaining some forty years in the Turk-
ish prison city Acca. Bagdad, the capi-
tal city of the Abbasi kings, also had
witnessed his and his father 's imprison-
ment. As to Persia, the ancient cradle,
it had rejected its children! Does not
it seem that there is a divine Wisdom in
all these affairs in specializing the Holy
Land to be, as it always has been and
always shall be, the source of higher and
more spiritual idealism?"
Sheikh Assad Shkeir (a most promi-
nent Mohammedan scholar and states-
man) Was the ninth speaker. He said:
"The ancient and modern Mohammedan
Arabs have been accustomed to hold cer-
emonies to eulogize their departed ones
for certain purposes: (1) To teach some
good lessons to those who are present
and can hear; (2) To awaken the heed-
less and the negligent; as the prophet
Mohamme-d once said to Omar, 'Death is
a sufficient teacher;' (3) To encourage
the hearers to follow in the steps of the
departed one and to characterize them-
selves with his excellent mo-rals and good
deeds; (4) To comfort his family and
his people by mentioning of his sublime
qualities; then the hearts will sympa-
thize with them and this will lighten
some of the. heavy burden of the painful
calamity; (5) That every thoughtful
soul may gain according to his capacity
and insight; it should be evident that
every creature voluntarily lives and goes
about; thinks, assists, teaches .and ad-
ministers; often, with the assistance of
his Creator, he investigates the Manifes-
tations of his perfection. Then the end
comes. I am grieved over such eulogies.
The Master, Abdul-Baha, is considered
one of the inhabitants of Acca because
these inhabitants lived with him for
more than forty years. His meetings
were meetings of learning wherein he
explained all the heavenly books and
traditions. His philosophy includes all
philosophy, ancient and modern. His
philanthropies to the Widows and orph-
ans were never interrupted. Whenever
a friend of his passed away he never
forgot the survivors with his charity
and generosity. He had so great a sta-
tion; yet he never failed to help the
distressed! In the winter season he met
with the learned and notables of Acca
at the home of Sheikh Ali Meeri, and in
the summer the meetings were held in
a court in the Fakhoreh (near the home
of BAHA In both of those
meetings the attendants found him a
book of history, a commentary on all
the heavenly Scriptures, a philosophy
of the pages of contemporary events
that pertain to scientific or artistic top-
ics. Then he moved to Haifa, and then
went to Europe and America where he
gave comprehensive and eloquent ad-
dresses and exhortations. His intention
was to bring about unity among relig-
ions and sects and to remove the severe
strife from their hearts and from their
tongues, to urge them to take hold of
the essence and let go the nonessential.
He did that by presenting his message
in a scientific manner. A group o-f Per-
sians and others criticized him and
found fault with his ideals in pamphlets
they published and spread. Neverthe-
less, Without paying any attention to
their criticism and oppositions, nor being
hurt by their hatred and enmity, he

