198 STAR OF
"The valley of Achor shall be unto them
for a door of hope." Mrs. Paine wrote,
"Beautiful beyond compare is Mount
Carmel, the joy of the whole earth."
And I added tl1e sentence from the
Hidden owls which I love so much,
"Lift up thy heart With delight." On
that mountain one learns so much about
why one should "lift up one 's heart with
delight."
In a short time the Master came from
around the eastern corner of the Tomb,
followed by little Foad. The Master
was radiantly beautiful. wore a
dove-colored overcoat or wrap, for the
wind w.as cool on the mountain-side.
Foad was dressed in a stiffiy starched
white dress, and made a staunch little
body-guard for the Master. (Some one
told us that one night Foad went up to
the Master after supper and said, "You
go to bed now and rest. I will take my
gun and lie across the threshold. If any
thieves. come, I will scare them awayl")
The Master gave us the talk about
Elijah, which Mirza Lotfullah took
down in Persian, and later translated
into English, so that we might have a
copy 0-f it. At the Tomb that day Mirza
Aziz 'Ullah interpreted for us.
As always the beauty of the Master's
face, its power and majesty, held my at-
tention so that it was difiicult to listen
to what he said. After the talk, the door
at the west end of the Tomb was opened,
and we all filed past the Master, who
anointed our hands with rose-water.
Never again will we be able to inhale
that special rose fragrance, witho-ut the
memory of that Western entrance and
the Master at the door, coming to our
minds!
The candles were burning in the glass
vases; there was utter stillness except
when the Tablet was being chanted; and,
as on the previous afternoon, my heart
Was won by the peace and glory of the
place. While the tall, black-robed Bahai
from Eskabad chanted the prayer of Vis-
itation in Persian, the Master stood in
the doorway, and the ro-om was filled
THE WEST
with a divine radiance of Love. At the
threshold of that To-mb one may lay all
burdens down. Life becomes simple and
straight because one feels surrounded
with Divine Love.
After the meeting in the Tomb the
carriage took us back down to the Pil-
grim House, and then returned to bring
the Master. Cora and I watched for his
return for a long time, while the -quick
twilight faded into darkness. Soon above
us, on the mountain, there shone out
the light in front of the Tomb, which
is lighted every night unless there is
very brilliant moonlight. At last, the
carriage drew up before the door of the
Master's house, and we caught a glimpse
of white as he swept down from the high
seat, and we heard the murmur of his
greeting to the men who were sitting in
front of the gate, waiting for the call
to go in to dinner. So do all the pil-
grims linger near his house, hoping that
they may but glimpse his face as he
passes by them.
That night at dinner, the Master said,
hope the health of the friends is
good. Today you went to visit the shrine
(the Tomb of the Bab). Are you
happy?" His smile, his care for our
happiness and comfort, would have made
any one happy, and our smiles of reply
must have been bright enough to show
him a little of how happy we were!
For dessert that night we had grapes,
although on every other night we had
watermelon. While we were eating the
grapes, he said, "His Holiness Christ
once was eating grapes. He said, 
will not eat of the fruit of the vine again
until I eat it with you in the Kingdom.'
But the grape of the'Kingdom is other
than these grapes. In the Kingdom
there is no bread like this. Now also, I
say to you all, we will eat together of
the divine bounties, God willing, in the
Kingdom,--that is, divine food, heavenly
food. Its taste is everlasting. Its sus-
tenance is everlasting. God willing,
there we all together will eat of that
heavenly food."

