86 STAR OF THE WEST
editor of the magazine called The Chil-
dren of the Kingdom, voiced words of
greeting and Mrs. Grace Foster, also
active in the junior work, presided. An
elaborate program was rendered, begin-
ning With the childish voice of Parvene
Bagdadi, aged four, chanting, and con-
sisting of songs, recitations of the Hid-
den Words and Tablets. The message,
the the Great Bab,
the Manifestation and the Center of the
Covenant were all reflected in the sweet
words flowing from the pure hearts of
the children of Chicago, supported by
juniors from Kenosha. Hearts Were
touched by these simple and beautiful
expressions of love.
Following these exercises Mr. Saffa
Kinny chanted the Hidden Words and
Miss Martha Root, by the aid of a stere-
opticon, presented the picture of Abdul-
Baha, and other pictures which told of
the personalities and activities of the
friends in various parts of the world.
Mr. William H. Randall explained the
pictures.
Opening Session of the Convention.
A song of praise and chants by Mr.
Saffa Kinny and enabe Fazel brought
an atmosphere for spiritual consultation
to the Convention. Mr. Mountfort Mills,
called to the chair, described Abdul-Baha
as he recently saw him. He said:
"Mount Carmel, the home of the Be-
loved, is a great center of spiritual
life. It is hallowed by the footsteps of
Jesus and other great Messengers of the
past. Abdul-Baha, in one of his beauti-
ful talks, explained that his body Was
weak after a serious illness; that he must
undergo all these hardships that we may
have an example and be willing to do the
same. I mention this particular talk to
show his great manifestation of love for
us. He is the expression of G0d's will
to us and he expresses it in the form of
love. He is an example of the temple he
is building. says, 'My dwelling is in
the hearts. Brick .and stone crumble and
pass. Material prosperity has no per-
manency. It is different with the Mash-
req'ul-Azkar; for this is a means of unit-
ing the hearts and bringing the friends
together. Suffering brings progress and
prosperity. I have undergone all these
sufierings that the friends may love
The only way to love
is to love one another.' 
During the retirement of the Creden-
tials Committee, Mrs. John Bosch told of
her teaching journey to Tahiti, in the
Society Islands and about the number of
souls in Polynesia now interested in the
divine Cause. The queen of Tahiti is
among these. Mrs. May Maxwell pic-
tured the greater capacity of Montreal
and the increased illumination of all
Canada. "General" Jack told of the
work in Vancouver and Victoria, B. C.
Miss Root related that a prominent
spiritualist, with a large circle of follow-
ers, had renounced spiritualism and
fully accepted the Cause. Mr. Mills
dwelt upon the importance of the inter-
racial convention soon to be held in
Washington, laying emphasis upon the
importance which Abdul-Baha gives to
it. Mrs. Parsons reported the progress
of the plans for the said convention and
Dr. Bagdadi, in a powerful address
which stirred, appealed in the name of
their common safety, for harmony and
good will between the races. The day's
session was largely taken up With reports
of committees and oflicials. These related
to the material progress of the Mash-
req 'ul-Azkar.
Monday Evening.
Dr. Pauline Barton-Peeke presided,
reading a Wonderful Tablet which began,
"Truth is the Word of God, which gives
life to humanity," and describing the
beauties, perfections and brilliancy
which shine forth from the Word of God.
Dr, Frederick WV. D'Evelyn was the
first speaker, bringing greetings from the
kindred in San Francisco. "The Bahai
Religion," he declared, "is not a reli-
gion, but religion itself. It is the sum-
ming up. It is not an event for which
there has been no herald, but the simple,
logical sequence of what has gone before.

