108 STAR OF THE WEST
live in accord With those principles and
thereby live in unity with each other.

(Copied from Ahmad's diary letter,
September 28, 1913):
I can never forget the day in Wash-
ington when our beloved Abdul-Baha
called on the Ambassador of Turkey. He
Was sitting near the window, watching
the number of men and Women passing
by. At the time a young negro as black
as coal passed by. "Did you see that
young black negro?" he asked. "Yes,"
I answered. declare by 
that I wish him to become as radiant
as the shining sun which is flooding the
world With its glorious lights," he said
earnestly.
This example Will show you how our
Beloved is anxious, and how he is Work-
ing day and night so that all mankind
may advance daily along the degrees of
spiritual and intellectual activities of
the ever marching upward till it attains
to the highest station of perfection.
(Copy of a message from Abdul-Baha
to Mrs. Botay, sent through Mrs.
Carrie Kinney, Acca, 1909):
Give Mrs. Botay my greetings and
love and tell her she must greatly en-
deavor through the assistance of heaven
to cast light among the colored people
so that they may become as our broth-
ers; no blacks, no whites; both as one.
By this means you shall free Americans
from all prejudice. Because in the
Kingdom of God all are the same,
Whether black or White. The greater
the faith of either, the more acceptable
is he in the Kingdom. A faithful col-
ored believer is a child of the Kingdom;
while a White unbeliever is deprived.
God looks upon hearts; not upon colors.
looks upon qualities; not upon
bodies.
(Some words of Abdul-Baha to Mrs.
Botay. This is not a verbatim report,
but Written at once from memory):
Abdul-Baha said to me that the afiilia-
tion of the White with the colored people
was a great Work in the Cause of God;
that I must strive, strive to affiliate the
hearts. My services Were accepted, and
that -I was assisted and Would be as-
sisted. He said the hearts were not
affiliated yet, and if this condition be-
tween the white and colored people con-
tinued much longer, there was great
danger.
(From notes of Mrs. Botay from a pri-
vate interview with Abdul-Baha in
New York City, June 17, 1912) 
I asked Abdul-Baha if he meant by
telling me to affiliate the hearts of the
white and colored people, that I must
strive to have them meet together in love
and fellowship in one meeting place. He
replied: "Yes, that is What I mean."

(Excerpt from Address of Abdul-Baha
at 1252 Eighth Street, N. W., Wash-
ington, D. 0., November, 1912):
This is a beautiful assembly. This is
a very good assembly. I am very happy
that the Whites and the colored are to-
gether. This is the cause of my happi-
ness, for you are all the servants of one
God, and all are brothers, sisters, moth-
ers and fathers. In the sight of God
there is no white and there is no col-
ored. All are in the sight of God as one.
Any one whose heart is better, is dearer
to God, Whether White or colored, red or
yellow. . . . . . Humanity resides
in the character. Any one who has a
good character, has faith in God and is
firm, whose manners are good, whose
speech is good, that one is accepted at
the Threshold of God, no matter What
color he may have.
(T 0 be oontinuled.)

