STAR OF
liant circle. A children's class has been
very successful. The blessing of the visit
of Abdul-Baha will ever be recalled. The
first Bahai Convention was held in Ger-
many March 26-28, 1921. Speaking of
my efi'ort at Leipsiz, Abdul-Baha said,
'The blessing of God shall descend in tor-
rents like the great waves of the ocean.
Pure souls will arise to spread the teach-
ings out of love for 
throughout, that la11d and that country
shall become illumined.'
"The spiritual springtime appeared
with his coming in April', 1913. Abdul-
Baha said, 'The days We spent in Stutt-
gart are like so many golden pages in the
book of creation. I inhale yet the sweet
odor of those flowery days. I hope all
the friends Will be protected and
guarded.'
"The German friends realize the
meaning of his Words, wherein he says:
'Every significant phenomenon in the
world of existence has a center. For in-
stance, the center of the solar system is
the sun, which illumines the circle of the
solar system. In the same way there is
a center for the Light. of Truth, emit~
ting its Light upon the World oi the
spirit and conscience. . . . 
"Vile have been greatly blessed
through the visits of the believers, shar-
ing the bounties received from their
meeting. Most unusual has been the
blessing during seven years, 1914-1921,
of not being cut ofi from the Center of
the Covenant. He has said, "We are also
fighting with Germany, but We have de-
feated her. But this is not a vvar of
death; it is a War of life! -This is not a
defeat, but a. victory. It will be condu-
cive to the eternal glory of Germany.
It (the Cause of God) will make her
spiritually invincible.'
"All during the war travel was pos-
sible and there were many interesting
experiences. Souls everywhere became
attracted. The Work of Consul Swartz
and the public lectures of Mr. Remey
have been appreciated.
"From South Africa comes good news
73
of the success of Miss Fanny Knobloch.
Meetings have been arranged for her
through the governor and other notables.
Sarange, Maguese, Parktown, Durban,
Pretoria, Moritz and other places have
been visited and many souls are cheered
by the glad news. The Tablet of Abdul-
Baha opened the way for her mail, held
up for months. She has even visited
Lepers' Island and has given the message
of life to these afflicted people."
The chairman here mentioned Miss
Agnes Alexander, whose success in
Japan is now happily marked by the es-
tablishment of a Bahai Magazine in Jap-
anese.
Miss Martha Root said, "It was in
spirit that Abdul-Baha took the trip
to South America, for it is now the
Millennium and the world is ready. The
message has reached the editors of the
finest newspapers. Bahai books are in
many libraries. Guido Nocchi, a wonder-
ful soul, is very active in service. He has
appeared at many religious festivals to
spread the Cause. Five thousand of the
pamphlets, commonly known as the
'blue booklet' have been distributed.
Letters from this country have poured in
upon the awakened souls and Miss Carrie
Barbee has translated these missives into
French and Spanish. They have also
been helped by letters from Miss Agnes
Alexander in Esperanto. Miss Leonora
Holsapple, with a heart afiame and a
knowledge of French, Spanish and some
Esperanto, has recently hastened to
those scenes and is doing a wonderful
service. 'Vile are so young! Please feed
us!' This is the cry of the hearts, ex-
pressed by Guido Nocchi. The pamphlet,
What went ye oat for to see? by
Thornton Chase, has been spread through
Brazil."
Miss Root gave a thrilling account of
the journey over the snowclad Andes, ten
thousand feet high, upon mule back,
where one inisstep of the trusty animal,
not driven, but left to its own instinct,
would have ended all, She could only
hold on to the saddle, say the Greatest
Name and pray for everybody. Assur-

