294- STAR OF THE WEST
Fliediunleral procession ascending Mt. Carmel on Allenby
Rea . he casket is seen in the midst of the crowd in the . - . 
distance. Police and guards leading the procession. 
animated by a strong spirit, which, during the life-time of Abdul-Baha, seemed
to be chained, but has now been let loose, and we feel a strong spirit urging
and inspiring us to greater service. And, too, we have a great secret in our
hearts, of which the people of the world have as yet been deprived. I do not
mean to convey the impression that We are in a better spiritual condition since
the departure of Abdul-Baha, but I mean to say that We feel more keenly His
spiritual power and inspiration, and it is overwhelming, and His Holy Spirit is
110W acting through the firm believers.
The friends in Cairo kept openly three days of mourning, when the
learned people of the Mohammedans and other notables, as well as Persians,
who are not believers, called to console the friends.
In Alexandria We had continual meetings at my home for several days,
during which time one of the violators knocked at my door, desiring to see me
and to console me in my grief for the passing of Abdul-Baha, it being an Eastern
custom for the people to call, on the occasion of death, and offer their sympathy.
The friends who happened to be present at that moment all agreed not to allow
him in and insisted that word be sent to him that We would not see him. This,
at first, might seem strange, to turn a man away from the door on such an
occasion, but any believer who has ever heard of the violators and of their
attitude toward the Center of the Covenant, Abdul-Baha, and who knows the
trouble they tried to make for him, will certainly uphold our action in thus
turning a violator away. A few days after this we had a telegram from the
family of Abdul-Baha, in reply to all cables sent from Egypt to Haifa, which
read thus:
"The beauty of the Beloved disappeared and the hearts are melted by this
great calamity. Our only hope is to raise the banner of the Covenant, and with
all righteousness, unity and servitude We serve His sublime threshold."
A few days later the great violator addressed the Bahais through the
columns of the Arabic newspapers, calling upon them to follow him, according,
as he stated, to the will of BAHA pretending, in his call, that although
he had been separated from his brother by God 's destiny, yet the filial relation-
ship and hearty sensations were strong in his heart, and he tried outwardly to
show sorrow for the passing of Abdul-Baha. One of his only two followers in
Alexandria confirmed his call 011 a page of the same paper, but the House of

