STAR OF THE TVEST 25
revealed in reply to the letter forwarded
to him by the Central Organization for
a Durable Peace at The Hague, had said
that for the question of universal peace
a Supreme Tribunal should be establish-
ed; although the League of Nations had
been brought into existence, yet it
is incapable of establishing universal
peace; but the supreme tribunal would
fulfill this sacred task with the utmost
might and power. The lecturer then
referred to Abdul-Baha's plan and em-
phasized that it contained a firm basis
on which peace could be established on
earth, and exhorted them to consider
it carefully.
Life After Death
Mr. N. R. Vakil delivered a lecture
on "Life after Death" in the course
of which he said that the body in which
man lived Was only the channel through
which the spirit worked. The spirit was
not in the body but the spirit manifest-
ed itself through the body. It was like
a mirror placed before the su11. Thus
the soul was like the sun and the body
the mirror. If the mirror broke the sun
shone, such Was the case with them. This
World gave them the idea of the unseen
World, the heaven. Heaven is not a
place where they were determined to
go because spirit is not confined to time
or space. Since spirit was not limited,
how could it confine to any one place?
Heaven a.nd hell were only conditions.
If they developed their spiritual side,
then they were preparing themselves
for the road to approach God. God is
for all and the mercy of God is eternal
and soul could develop through the
mercy of God. This world is like the
Womb of a mother and if they knew
What the other world is they would not
like to live for a moment in this World.
Then death Was a glad-tiding for them
and they should not be afraid of it as
the whole universe is at the disposal of
the Almighty.
lvlr. Jamshed Khodad spoke in Persian
on the proofs of prophets concerning the
advent of the Bahai Revelation, quoting
instances of how the prophecy was held
out by the ancient peoples in the times
of Moses, Jesus and Mohammed. He said
all the nations longed for the revelation
of 
Prof. Geddes referring to the cardinal
doctrines of praised the
characteristics of Abdul-Baha when he
came in contact with him during his
visits to Haifa and Acca in connection
with town-planning and when they asked
for a plot of land for a school, he gave
it to them very generously, which was
a gift of the soil to the children. He
then referred to the pro-Jerusalem so-
ciety vvhich, he said, Would help the
Bahai movement to a great degree. They
had another society there called the
pro-Carmel society which had represen-
tatives of every religion in it.
A Topsy Turvy 0/rid
Prof. Pritam Singh dwelt at length on
the "Solution of the Economic and In-
dustrial Problem" from a Bahai point
of view, saying the world was topsy
turvy and the economic disease was
brought about by man himself a.nd the
disease would be removed if the human
creation were set right. The Bahai
movement placed before them the fact
that something was wrong with their
brains or hearts. The remedy lay in
purifying their hearts which could be
done by applying the teachings of BAHA-
o'LnAn to the solution of the problem.
Aga Syed Mustafa Rumi then deliv-
ered a lecture on "Universal Language"
in Urdu, saying philosophers believed
that in one year ap hundred languages
spread throughout the world. BAHA-
desired that there should be a
universal langua.ge in the world. He
said even the beasts of the forests could
build their own dens and thus lived in
safety. But if there were different lan-
guages, one man could not know how to
behave with the other if that other man 's
language Was not known to him. The
first principle was that they were all
brothers and the second was that inde-
pendent investigation of truth was in-

