STAR OF THE WEST 295
Boy scouts with tines bau[l.l The White casket is plainly
visible. The large bui dine' to 1e left is the PiJgrin1 House 3 . -
not far from the Tomb of the Bab. 
Spirituality in Cairo replied and contested both statements, stating in effect
that this violator is not recognized at all by the Bahais, and since he has violated
the Covenant of Bans for thirty years, he is not considered among the
Bahais, and has not the .authority to speak in their behalf, for all the affairs of
the Bahais are now directed by the Houses of Spirituality, all over the world,
Whose members are elected and who will come under the control of the [louse
of Justice, and they are the only representatives of the Bahais. And this
violator is not a Bahai in the true sense of the Word and according to the
dictates of BAI-IA This reply was given especially for the benefit of
the public, to give them correct information and to prove to them that the
violators are not Bahais and were cut off thirty years ago by their disobedience
to the command of BAHA to turn, after His departure, to the Center of
the Covenant, Abdul-Baha, and by their harmful actions to the Cause.
The reply produced the desired effect and We, individually, spread it among
the inquirers and thus enlarged the circle of its influence.
Again they Wrote an object-ion to our reply and published it, but after
the reply given by the House of Spirituality none of the friends have entered,
or will they enter, into any controversy with them through the newspapers.
The people must understand and know by their own knowledge that the violators
are unfaithful and Weak in their reasoning, and this is plainly evident in the
Writings of the violators.
We, the friends in the East, hope that the friends in the West will give
a blow to the violators by totally avoiding them and never associating with them
or accepting them in their meetings, because they are the only kind of people
who could harm the Cause more than all other people put together, for the
simple reason that their aim is to break the unity of the friends by putting
doubt in the hearts of those who are not firm in their faith.
We are hoping to hear from the 'Nest that which will add confirmation to
the friends in the East. This is what is expected from America. 'We all
pray that BAHA 'ULL.rin may confirm us in raising high the banner of the
Covenant at all times a11d in all regions.
Faithfully in the Covenant of Bans 
lvlonrinnen SAID ADHAM,
Teacher Abbasieh School, Alexandria, Egypt.

