82 STAR OF
each country as well as for the com-
munication of neWS to and from other
countries. In this way alone can such a
large volume of correspondence be effi-
ciently and economically handled. We
hope our correspondents in Persia will
kindly take a special note of this, since
a great deal of our correspondence at
present is with many minor centers of
that country. Bombay henceforward
will be the only distributing center for
all incoming news as well as for outgo-
ing news for the whole of India. Teheran
may be another such center for the whole
of Persia. This distribution will be ef-
fected at first through Bahai News and
afterwards if necessary by means of
circular letters.
The New Year's Day was celebrated
in the Bahai Hall of Bombay on the
evening of the 21st March, 1921. More
than one hundred Bahai brothers at-
tended and partook of light refresh-
ments and sweetmeats. Rose water and
sweets were first distributed. Short
speeches were then made for the promo-
tion of the Bahai Cause among the many
peoples of India and an appeal was made
for the newly born Bahai journal, the
Bahai/i News. Greetings were exchanged
among friends and prayers and poems
were chanted and a spirit of love pre-
vailed which made the occasion both
pleasant and sanctified. It was indeed a
THE WEST
sacrament of the servants of God and
the lovers of the Lord. A Bahai brother
from Jandula (Dera Ismail Khan, Pun-
jab) had sent by telegram the new year
greetings and a suitable reply was tele-
graphed back. It was announced that
the ladies' gathering for the celebration
of the New Year's Day would be held
the next evening. We learn the evening
of the 22nd March was a happy evening
for the Bahai sisters in Bombay. May
the New Year be a happy and a joyous
one for all the Bahai sisters and brothers
all over the world. Several Persian pil-
grims who were o-n their way to the Holy
Land also shared in the rejoicings.
We are glad to be able to announce
that our dear brother, Kaushal Kishore
Bhargva, who is studying the making of
sugar in Glasgow, will visit London and
Manchester during his vacation with a
view to meeting many Bahai friends in
those places and also to give the Message
and the glad tidings to many more.
It would interest many friends to
know that His Holiness Abdul-Baha was
recently on .a visit to Tiberias and that
the change was a welcome one for the
health of His Holiness.
\Ve regret to say that in our March
issue we forgot to mention the names of
Messrs. A. Rangaswami Iyer a.nd Khus-
r00 Boman Irani as delegates to the First
All-India Bahai Convention from
Madras and Poona respectively.
Religion Must Be the Cause of Love and Unity
Address of JENABI FAZE-L, delivered at the Bahai Congress, held in the Audi-
torium Hotel, Chicago, Monday evening, April 25th, 1921.
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Interpreter.
Stenographically reported.
PRAISE be to God we are tonight in
a gathering the atmosphere of which
one witnesses with spiritual eyes the
vibrations of the spirit and in the faces
of the audience one sees the glowing joy
of heaven. The very air of this meet-
ing is indeed impregnated with the
fragrance of the rose-garden of love and
amity and the hearts are filled with the
desire and the hope of the oneness of. the
World of humanity.
There is no other discussion more

