STAR OF THE WEST 165
I recognized the Pilgrim House, from
the picture of it in The Light of the
World. On the other side of the road
was the wall of the Master 's garden, and
rising above it, the little room, like a
watch-tower, in which the Master oiten
stays.
During our ride from the station,
Rouhi Elfendi told us that the Master
was staying on the mountain for a few
days, to rest from the many demands
made on his time when he is in his
house in the town. We would not see
him until the next day. Perhaps we
were disappointed for a moment, but
here one knows that all that the Master
does is wisely done. And next morning
we were sure that it was well that we
should have time to rest, and drink in
the exquisite peace of the place, before
meeting him.
At the door of the Pilgrim House we
were met by two Americans, Mrs. Hoagg
and Malcolm McGi1lavrey. Malcolm
had been in Haifa a week, but Mrs.
Hoagg had been there since early in the
summer. She acted as ho-stess for the
Pilgrim House; she showed us to our
for Cora and me, another
for Mabel and Sylvia. $imple, clean,
and filled with a faint fragrance as of
incense, is our place of rest, the place
the Master has provided for those who
come from the West. Every hour I won-
der more at the love and kindness which
has so provided for our comfort! When-
ever we sit down to a meal, I think,
"This is the meal the Master has given
us!" The material food has come now,
but the spiritual food had reached us in
America!
Fugeta cares for the house; he gets
the breakfast; he serves the lunch, the
food for which is brought over from the
Master 's house; he washes the dishes, he
cleans the lamps, he is always busy in
serving us. In the evening he helps
wait 011 table, at dinner in the Master's
house. The other boy who serves at din-
ner is Khosro, who came from Burmah
when he was very young, to serve the
Master.
After our arrival at the Pilgrim
House we sat on the porch for a while.
The night was full moon,
and yet the stars were very bright. At
about half past seven, Mrs. Hoagg took
us over to the Master's house to meet
the ladies of the household. 'Ne entered
a gate that is covered with a luxuriant
growth of vines, and walked under an
arbor to the entrance of the house. It
was hard to believe that we were really
there! We had seen pictures of the
house often and it was so very like the
picturesi (That is true of everything
here. The pictures we have seen have
been very good, I think, for one recog-
nizes places and people immediately.)
We went up a rather long, broad
flight of steps, turned to the left, and
were in a high-ceilinged room of mod-
erate size. There were many chairs and
divans against the wall and at the end
of the room was a big wicker chair
which one knew at once was the Mas-
ter's. Immediately the ladies came in
they greeted us with the Greatest Name,
they inquired about our health, our jour-
ney, about the believers in America.
Rouhi Effendi translated for those who
did not speak English. There were
present the Holy Mother, the Greatest
Holy Leaf, two of the daughters, Touba
Khanoum and Rocha Khanoum; two or
three young girls, granddaughters of -the
Foad, the adorable four-
year-old grandson, whose picture I had
seen in Mr. Latimer's note-book.
The Holy Mother spoke about BAHA
commands about education.
The two daughters talked with us about
the friends in America. Little Foad ran
in and out on a very sturdy pair of legs.
I cannot remember much of what was
said. We knew that we were very wel-
come. knew that we were at home
as never before! I could not but try to
realize that these were the women who
had been for years prisoners in Acca,
who had undergone unspeakable hard-

