302 STAR OF
the sorrow will be removed from his
heart and he Will be at ease; but if one
shall keep it and does not speak it to
others it will Work in him, make him
sick and kill him. You do not know
What is happening. I do not say any-
thing." Such Words were uttered by
Abdul-Baha many times.
A certain person was such a great
stumbling block in the path of the Be-
loved that he said to Bahadur: "My
soul has reached my lips because of his
deeds" . . . He continued: Want to
rest for six months. The do-ctor does
not allow me to work, read and Write."
To begin with he dismissed Mirza
Adizullah Bahadur and Ibn Asdak, the
latter to stay in Shiraz under the care
of Mirza Bakir Khan; next he dis-
missed Sheikh Mohamed Ali, his son and
Seyed Mustafa of Rangoon. A little
later he dismissed Jenabe Fazel and
Soubhi, the latter was told that when
his services would be needed he would be
to go and teach in
Persia. Not a pilgrim was left in Haifa.
On Friday night, November 18th, the
Beloved .had a cold. That morning
Mirza Abul Hassan Afnan dismissed
his servant and said he was going away.
He wrote a supplication to the Beloved.
Then the Afnan Went to the seashore,
about two hours walk, and threw him-
self into the sea. Some fisherman near-
by took him out and notified the author-
ities. Abdul-Baha sent his automobile.
I went with the Afnans and Dr. Lot-
fullah and helped to bring his body home.
The next day when we carried the body
from his house, the Beloved approached
and assisted in carrying the casket to
the carriage. I am sure the Master told
him about. His departure from this
World and that because of it he threw
himself into the sea.
Another incident: Ten days before
this a Bahai Turk named Dr'. Suleiman
Rifaat Bey, Whose home is in Beirut,
came to visit Abdul-Baha. The day after
his arrival a telegram came stating his
brother had died. The shock overcame
THE WEST
him. Abdul-Baha opened the Windows,
Washed the face and head, rubbed the
chest of the doctor, gave him some
Water mixed with spices, patted him on
the back, embraced him, and consoled
him. During this talk the Beloved said:
"Don't be sorry. My departure from
this World is very near." (Dr. Bey
did not mention this until after the de-
parture of Abdul-Baha, not quite a
fortnight later.) The next morning the
Master sent him to Beirut with Ahmed
Bey Yazdi and Monever Khanum . . . .
On the morning of November 26th, I
left for Damascus. I arrived that night
and communicated the news of the good
health of the Master to the friends and
my father. On Sunday, at a meeting,
We spoke of it. Monday noon a tele-
gram came saying the Beloved had de-
parted from this world. . . . .
I heard that on Sunday, the 27th,
Abdul-Baha sat in the garden u11der
the apricot tree. He called Ismail. Agha
and asked for some fruit--tange1'i11es,
sweet lemons and oranges. He ate some
and distributed the others among the
friends Who Were present. He rubbed his
hands together and said: 
finished, finished." He arose and Went to
his room. That night. he did not go to the
meeting. At midnight he awoke, called
the Greatest Holy Leaf, said good-bye
to all and at 1:30 a. m. ascended to the
Kingdom of Abha. Immediately, every-
body Was notified and the weeping and
wailing commenced.
A few days after the ascension, a
Moslem said to one of the Afnans:
"Sometime ago, His Excellency, saw me
and inquired about my work. He paid
me a few pounds and said, 'This will be
the last time We meet.' It did not occur
to me that he. meant he would ascend so
soon . . . 
As to the nakazeen, they surely gloat-
ed over the ascension of our Beloved.
Mohammend Ali came to- the house of
mourning. Khosro saw him and told
him to Wait for permission. The Great-

