18 STAR OF THE WEST
\Ve, in America, should rejoice that the first Bahai Conventions of the
world were held here--especially is this true of. the Eleventh Annual Conven-
tion held in New York City in 1919. Abdul-Baha says: "This Convention in
future shall acquire a. great importance. It shall reach a point where all the
Conventions of the World shall assume a lovely and submissive attitude toward
the Convention." (See Tablet page 27 .)
As We go to press, the word is received that the digging of ground to sink
the caissons to bed-rock for the foundation of the Mashreq'ul-Azkar in Chicago,
has begun, and there is every indication that this year will see the laying of the
corner stone.
The STAR. or THE Wnsr, too, is happy, -for it has received a word from
the Center of the Covenant. Mrs. Ella Goodall Cooper, when in Haifa, recently,
asked Abdul-Baha if he had a message for the editors. He said: "Praise
be to God, you are assisted in the service of God. Do not look now at the small
influence of the STAR or' THE WEST. A day will come when this will be the
greatest paper in the world. It will spread in the East and in the "lest."
Allaho 'Abha 
--The clltors.
The Coming Bahai Congress and Convention in Chicago
The Thirteenth Annual Mashreq'ul-Azkar Convention and Bahai Congress,
under the auspices of the Bahai Temple Unity, will be held in Chicago, April
23d to 27th inclusive. All the sessions of the Convention and Congress will
be held in the Banquet Hall, ninth floor Auditorium Hotel. As usual, the
Sessions are inaugurated by the Feast of Rizwan, which will be celebrated on
Saturday eveningAfter the banquet, it is planned to listen to talks from the teachers who
have been at work in the world field: Miss Alma Knobloch, Miss Martha Root,
Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi, Mrs. May Maxwell, Mirza Ahmad Sohrab and enabi Fazel
Mazandarani.
At the Sunday afternoon session We hope to hear from Mr. Louis J. Bour-
geois, Mr. William H. Randall and enabi Fazel. On Sunday evening a recep-
tion is planned to enabi Fazel, followed by the Bahai Juniors Exercises and
later by stercopticon views of the Holy Land.
Monday morning and afternoon will be devoted to the sessions of the Con-
vention. Monday evening it is planned to hear from Dr. Frederick D'Evelyn,
Mr. Louis Gregory and enabi Fazel.
Tuesday and Y/Vednesday mornings and afternoons the Convention will
continue.
Tuesday evening Mr. Alfred E. Lunt and enabi Fazel will speak, and on
Wednesday evening, Mrs. Corinne True, Mr. Albert Vail and enabi Fazel.
Special musical numbers will be rendered at each Congress session.
The model of the Temple has been on exhibition at the Art Institute where
thousands have enjoyed its unique beauty. Arrangements are being completed
to have the model remain at the Art Institute during the sessions of the Con-
vention and Congress.

