Z6O STAR OF THE WEST
Holy Mother,' and four daughters, Zia
Khanum, the mother of Shoughi Efifendi
Rabbani and the wife of Mirza Hadi;
Rouha Khanum, the wife of Mirza alal;
Touba Khanum, the wife of Mirza Moh-
sen, and Monever Khanum, the wife of
Mirza Ahmad Yazdi. Abdul-Baha was
the example of virtue, purity and perfec-
tions. He was famous in the East and in
the West. His followers are counted by
the thousands, throughout the world. He
was the essence of dignity and kindness
personified. He was very patient, mer-
ciful, aifectionate and a sea of wisdom.
He was in love with charity, generous
and tender to the orphans and widows.
He was the hope of the hopeless and the
help of the helpless. We had the privi-
lege of meeting him many times, and
here we are tempted to mention what we
heard once from him: "God is the Cre-
ator of all the creatures. He made men
to dwell in His land and He made them
rulers of whatsoever exists of animals,
vegetables, minerals, water and air. He
did not make any distinction one from
another. Then the people divided this
land into sections and named one "Eng-
land," another "France," "Germany,"
"America, etc., and they began to fight
and make battle. He created man gen-
tle, peaceful and social, without sharp
claws and long canine teeth. Then man
invented the sword and death-dealing
instruments. Therefore, universal peace
must be established, religions must be
unified and equality must be accomplish-
ed." Abdul-Baha had a supreme station
in the estimation of the kings of the
earth. General Allenby, at the time of
his occupation of Haifa on September
23, 1918, received a special order from
the King of England to call and inquire
about the health 0-f Abdul-B-aha. The
king also knighted Abdul-Baha, giving
him his highest medal and the title of
"Sir." But Abdul-Baha accepted it
only for the sake of pleasing the king,
and not because he cared for anything of
that kind. Abdul-B-aha spoke in Persian,
Arabic and Turkish with the utmost flu-
ency and eloquence. In appearance he
was most gentle and attractive. His hair
and beard were silvery and luxuriant.
His smile incomparable. His face majes-
tic and dignified. His body perfectly
built. His forehead like a dome, and his
dress was similar t.o that of all the ancient
prophets. Abdul-Baha seldom suffered
from physical diseases or illness, and not
until three days before his departure did
he feel indispose-d and rested in a roo-m in
his house, where. many people called on
him. At five p. m. on the night of his
departure two of the notables of Haifa
visited him. They asked if he would
like to change his room. He said: 
saw in a dream that I should occupy this
room and not choose another One. I
have now stopped building on the sur-
face of the earth and I will build within
the earth." He even walked to the door
with his visitors to bid them farewell.
Then he returned to his room and many
times spoke of the approach of the end
of his physical life, and that it was only
a matter of numbered hours. Abdul-
Baha has left a complete will, a cov-
enant, which when it is read his wishes
regarding the future affairs of the Bahai
Cause will be known.
The Funeral Procession of Abolu-Z-Balm
--The Momentum Hour.
When the clock struck nine, Tuesday
morning, November 29, 1921, the wide
street, Afllenby Road, was congested with
the crowds from its starting place to the
summit of Mount Carmel. The hearts
were throbbing, the breasts heavy, the
tongues dumb. Quietness and homage
prevailed and the throng was a solid
mountain. In the front ranks of those
who came to pay the last tribute of love
and farewell were Sir Herbert Samuel,
the Governor-General of the Holy Land,
and the members of his staff, who came
from Jerusalem to attend the funeral.
Mr. Sims, the Governor of Phoenicia, the
Consuls o-f all the Governments, the Mo-

