STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; thatthe bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 12 Jamal 1, 77 (April 28, 1921) N0. 3
The Latter Days of Baha'0'llah
BY Gnoscn LATIMER
"Blessed is the one who has visited Acca, and blessed his the one Who has
visited the Visitor of the Traddtioizs of .Moha.-mmed.
LATE one September afternoon in the
year 1868 the entire population of
the little city of Acca, on the coast of
Palestine, gathered on the shore to Wit-
ness the arrival of several small sail
boats containing some seventy or more
prisoners of the Turkish government.
Little did they realize, as these victims
of Mohammedan oppression were led
through their jeering midst to the prison
barracks, that this event would be far-
reaching a.nd world-afiecting in its re-
momentous in its consequences
that the former historic events Which
marked Acca, the battle-ground of the
Crusades, would Well-nigh disappear in
comparison." Acoa, once the seat of war
and bloodshed, the goal of conquest of
such mighty Warriors as Richard Ooeur
de Lion, Philippe Auguste, Napoleon,
Sir Sydney Smith and Ibrahim Pasha,
was suddenly transformed to become the
home of the Prince of Peace.
In more recent years, with its forti-
fications in ruins, Acca had become the
depository for thieves, cutthroats, sus-
pects and the religious. and political
prisoners of the Ottoman government,
because of its well-known foul and in-
sanitary conditions and death-dealing
diseases. But with the arrival of this
little band of exiles, Who preferred any-
thing rather than separation from their
leader, this ancient and
ruined town became the center of world
destiny, a Mecca to the Orient and Occi-
dent alike, mirroring forth such splen-
dor and light as to make it appear as
the "New Jerusalem."
The Star of Bethlehem shines from
age to age over the haven longed for
by the tried and persecuted pilgrim in
his search for the pathway to the King-
dom of God. The inspiration of the
weary traveler is the faith and certainty
that this star shines for all mankind.
The city over which it appears changes
from cycle to cycle, but the light it re-
flects is always the same. The city in
its splendor becomes a veritable paradise
and refuge for the searcher.
'The same intense longing that im-
pelled the three 'Nise Men two thousand
years ago, later manifesting it-self again
in the pilgrimage to the Kaaba, has once
more returned to possess the heart of
the sincere seeker, drawing him to Acca,
the prison home of the
Glory of God.
How strange the working of fate!
The effort of man is ever exerted to pre-
vent. the shining of the star and the
spreading of the Light of God by His
chosen ones; yet these same efiorts be-
come the means of the fulfillment of
prophecy and the establishment of the
Oause of God in the World. Thus, as
the crucifixion of, Christ became his
everlasting sovereignty, the defeat of
Mohammed his undying renown, like-
wise the exile and incarceration of
have become his majestic
splendor and eternal glory.
As the color of the leaves announce

