STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou Sun or THE 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remainfirm and eternal, ere
long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form'is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
iture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide~--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Arms.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of BAHA my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or WEST, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the West, they may become informed with the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Amms.
Editorial Stafi': ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE BUIKI-2MA--DR. Zm M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
V01. 12 (Elm 1, 16, 1921)  No. 12
"Two Assemblies in one city will not become the
cause of spirituality.

TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
To Mr. Charles M. Hanson, Duluth,
Minnesota--Unto him be the Glory of
God, the Most Glorious!
Is God!
thou Who hast faith in God!
Thy letter has been forwarded. Treat
thy traveling companion in the utmost
love, sincerity and faithfulness so that
thou mayest attain to the realization of
thine end.
Thou hast Written that the Call of the
Kingdom is in rapid progress in those
regions. The flood which is flowing and
moving from the realm of Truth can, by
no means, be checked and stopped by
any unreal force. Certainly the motion
of a flood is rapid.
Thou hast also writte-n that it is diffi-
cult for the friends to go from one side
of the city to the other, and so in the
other side of the city a second assembly
may be formed. Two assemblies in one
city will not become the cause of spirit-
uality. Therefore ye should strive that
the oneness of meetiwg may become the
cause of promoting union, harmony and
perfect spirituality.
Convey in my behalf great kindness
to Mrs. J. A. Bauers and say unto her,
"Thou shouldst be very grateful to
Charles Hanson, for he helped thee to
attain to the source of eternal Life. But
as to the division of the Red Sea, this
is a political question. We are concerned
with the affairs of the Kingdom. You
should also walk on the same path."
Forward this message to the dear
maid-servant of God, Eva Mary ahr,
"Although thou art a young member,
yet, I pray to God to enable thee to grow
great in His, Kingdom. 
Through the grace of God do I hope
that the Bahai Assembly at Duluth may,
day by day, become more and more lum-
inous and that heavenly blessings en-
velop thee and the assembly.
Unto thee be Abha Glory!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Aziz 'Ullah S. Baha-
dur, Mount Carmel, Palestine, December
19, 1920.)

