STAR OF THE WEST Z61
hammedan, the Christian and Jewish
religious leaders, his relatives and his
followers, who were burning with their
grief, shedding their tears, throwing
themselves on his casket, giving their
last kisses to it--those kisses so filled
with heat and yearning that they would
restore life and bring back the soul to
the stilled body if life could be restored
and the soul could be brought back.
Then, when they withdrew from that
thrilling stand and painful scene, their
sobs and moans were raised. Their cries
and tears burst forth as the casket, with
what it contained of Wisdom, Eloquence
and Knowledge, was carried on the
palms of the hands of the men.
The casket was of plain white wood
covered with precious Persian shawls.
The procession moved, surrounded by
the crowd of onlookers and encircled
by the sorrowful hearts. In the fore
ranks was a company of police and their
ofiicers; then the Mohammedan and the
Christian Boy Scouts with bands and
flags; then the personal guards of the
Consuls; then the leaders of the various
Mohammedan sects were in front of the
casket, chanting heart-touching 
Behind the casket marched the Gover-
nor-General and his statf with utmost
dignity. The procession proceeded with
perfect order until it arrived half way
up the summit of Mount Carmel; then
all stood silent, immovable, as if birds
were perched upon their heads. . . .
Notwithstanding the uphill climb none
showed any signs of fatigue until they
arrived at the Tomb of the Bab. It was
then 10:20 a. m. The casket was placed
on a dais near the high and majestic
Tomb which commanded the most beau-
tiful view on Mount Carmel. The Gov-
ernor-General and his staif, the learned
and the leaders of all sects made a ring
by standing around the casket. When
all the people in the procession had ar-
rived at the Tomb, it made a scene such
as Haifa had never witnessed before.
Eulogies given by the Leaders and the
Poets of the Mohammeda/ns, Chris-
tians and Jews of the Holy Land.
Yessif Efiendi El-Khatib, a famous
Mohammedan orator, was the first
speaker. He said: Arab and Per-
sian gentlemen: Why do I see you gath-
ered here'? Vllhat are you contemplating
and of what are you thinking? Is it
of death, or the living dead? Every
day caravans of dead men pass before
your eyes, yet you do not pay attention
to them. Then for whom are you weep-
ing? Is it for the one who was great
yesterday and today in his departure is
greater? ls it. for the one whom you
call your guide and philosopher? There
should be no weeping for the one who
departed to the eternal world. Then
weep for the loss of bounty and courtesy!
Mourn for the loss of knowledge and
generousity! Weep for yourselves be-
cause you are the losers! As to him
whom you have lost, he is no other than
one departed from your mortal world
to the immortal and everlasting realm.
Weep for one hour for the one who has
wept for you for eighty years. Look
right and left, East and West, and tell
me the true news. What a vacancy has
taken place in nobility and dignity;
what a pillar of peace has tottered; what
a fluent and has become
silent! Ah me! Calamity is devoid of
a grief-stricken heart and weeping eye;
it has left you young people to mourn
your elders, and made you elders to
mourn your youth! Woe unto the poor,
for charity has left them! Woe unto
the orphans, for their merciful father
has gone away from them! Would that
Sir Abdul-Baha Abbas could be re-
deemed by precious souls, for then they
would be sacrificed to him! But this is
the will of God, and nothing can stop it.
Which one of his perfect deeds can I
mention to you when they are greater
than can be mentioned and more than
can be counted! It is sufficient to Say

