26 STAR OF THE WEST
cumbent upon every one and the third
was that religion should be the cause of
unity without any _prejudice. If any
religion opposed the wisdom of a nation,
it was no religion. Knowledge was the
essential part of a sane man's faith in
a religion. He then referred to the
other principles of and
said it Was one of the twelve principles
laid down by sixty years
ago and were to be found in the book
entitled Bashamt, and then explained
the adaptation of the universal language
as indicated by Abdul-Baha.
The president thanked them for the
trouble they had taken in attending
the Convention and for the patient
hearing they had given to the lectures
during the last three days and dissolved
the Convention.
(From The Bombay Chromlcle, Decem-
ber 31, 1920-.)
ALL-INDIA BAHAI CONVENTION
The first All-India Bahai Convention
commenced its sitting on the 27th in-
stant in the Bahai Assembly Hall at 10
a. m. when Prof. Mirza M. R. Shirazi,
of Karashi, was in the chair. Delegates
were present from Persia, Burma, Amer-
ica, Madras, United Provinces and'Man-
dalay. The Convention opened with a
prayer and was followed by an address
from Mr. J. Mirza M.ahmood, chairman
of the Reception Committee, who wel-
comed the delegates and briefly described
the history and the objects of the Con-
vention. The president, Prof. Shirazi
then addressed the Convention in Per
sian. He dwelt upon the necessity of
having a Bahai Temple in India and
advised sending Bahai teachers to
difierent parts in India and the Far
East.
Prof. Shirazi addressed the assembly
on "The Need of Divine Education" in
the evening. In the course of his speech
he said that everything in the Universe
required new and in-
teresting botanical experiments in Amer-
ica had resulted in giving the earth new
types of flowers and vegetables, in the
animal kingdom by education they were
taught to do the work of men and for-
get their natural antipathies. He
traced the evolution of states and em-
pires and was sorry to reflect that na-
tions, too, fought with each other and
now the necessity had arisen of a Uni-
versal Religion.
Mr. N. R. Vakil, of Surat, then spoke
on the "Universal Religion." He said
that the Bahais had united different re-
ligionsts as brothers. There were no
priests and the principal teaching was
Universal Peace.
Messrs. Khodadad and Aga S. Mustafa
Rumi spoke about Zoroastrian prophecies
of the coming of the Redeemer and
proofs were cited from Jewish and Chris-
tian Scriptures.
7
LETTER FROM ELIZABETH H. STEWART
(Portion of a letter received by Mrs.
I. D. Brittingham from her niece, Miss
Elizabeth H. Stewart, Written on her
return journey from her recent visit to
His Holiness Abdul-Baha, to Teheran,
Persia.)
S. S. Chakdars,
January 6, 1921.
I arrived i11 Bombay just as the All-
India Bahai Convention Was taking
place and I was there nine days--nine
wonderful days. Each one of the speak-
ers was on fire and spoke with such
power that they all wondered at them-
selves. Not one of them was well physi-
cally and one got up from his sick bed
to be present; but their spirits were- not
ill! There were delegates from all parts
of India, representing six different re-
ligions; Hindus, Burmese, Parsees,
Musselman, Jews and I was the Chris-
tian representative.

