STAR OF THE WEST 283
they said, repeating the Arabic proverb, "The virtue is quite true when it is
testified to by the enemy.' 
Dear Ella, were I to wait until some of the boys had translated this news-
paper into English it would no doubt take several years. They have been
accustomed to translate tablets and supplications, but that is past now for the
present, and they are busy doing other things. So I thought I'd leave it to
your brightness of mind to find a way to have it translated, perhaps at the
University of California.
As soon as I had mentioned this the other Westerners here thought that
they, too, ought to send a copy each one to their respective friends at home to
see how best they could have it translated. Mrs. Krug will send one to Anne
Boylan of New York, and Johanna one to Germany.
The ladies said that the outsiders and the opposers had said and published
so much in honor of Abdul-Baha that nothing whatever remained for the
believers to say. It was as though the Holy Spirit spoke out of those clergymen
and people, as though they had received open vision right then and there. And
many, many other souls began to know more or less suddenly who it was who had
been here and gone. Even one of the daughters said to me that it was now as
though she had never before known Abdul-Baha (her holy father), as though
it were only now that she began to realize who he had been. So you might
know what the feelings of others must be if that holy woman feels that way
about 0-ur Lord. It is sure that I feel as though I had never known or seen
him. Mrs. Krug is a flaming torch; she is as though intoxicated with the
wine of the love of Abdul-Baha. Abdul-Baha had always favored her much, as
her heart is pure and clean like that of a child, and she is not at all selfish, but
always had much love for everybody. As far as I am concerned, I am not a
flame of fire, but rather ill.
The ladies said that by what the outsiders and the o-pposers had said
and published it could be seen what the ascension of our Lord had done for
them, how it had affected them, and how they were feeling from it now. . They
said they hoped that no one would stop coming here now that our Lord is not
here any more, but that the friends all over would realize that they are always
welcome here, and that it always would be a great happiness to the holy house-
hold to receive and Welcome them. During their first days 0-f mourning they
cried many times for the friends, and wished that all, all, could be present, that
all, all could be here together at the same time, all the friends and believers
and near and dear ones, from the Occident and the Orient. They said often:
how sorry we feel for the grief of the believers all over the world when they
hear the sad news. How disappointed the friends will feel!" From their own
sorrow they judged the sorrow of the others. They are holy women, and it is
such a privilege for me to learn to know them better every day.
Shoghi sent a cable saying that he cannotbe here' (on account of passport
difficulties) until about Christmas, so we shall not get away from Haifa until the
New Year or so, and we do not know when We shall be back home. We shall
not endeavor to go to Jerusalem or to Lebanon.
Much love to you and mother and all. More later.
Love,
(Signed) Louisa Boson.

