STAR OF THE WEST Z35
"The Candle of the Testament has illuminated all horizons
1n spite of the people of discord."
TABLET To ONE OF THE PERSIAN BAI-IAIS.
He Is Abha!
thou who art firm in the Covenant!
The radiance of servitude shining
from the Candle of the Testament has
illumined all horizons in spite of the
people of discord; and the renown of
the Grandeur of the Blessed Perfection
hath caused' such an outcry throughout
the World that it hath made the limbs of
all nations quiver.
All the religions of the World have
the loud cry of "Woe unto us" on their
lips, and the cry of "\lVoe to our Faith,"
which is raised by the ignorant, is heard
in the East and West. The Power of the
Blessed Cause has such effulgence that
it has become apparent to all peoples,
and all the nations and creeds have
acknowledged and confessed the great-
ness of the Cause of God.
Had it not been for the injuries in-
flicted by the party of conceit (the Naka-
zeen), the World of existence would have
been in this day an exalted garden. But
the people of conceit, being heedless of
this Cup of Wine mixed with.Kafur (a
fountain intended to be drunk by the
true and firm believers), have imagined
that they can upset the Standard of the
Testament, and that they can disappoint
the delivered nations. They have poured
forth seditious rumors on the lips and
tongues of all people, and they have
made calumniating statements, hoping
by this means to darken the Light of the
Sun of the Divine Covenant, and to
mingle the contents of the Pre-Existent
Cup of the Testament with the bitterness
of Violation.
Far, far distant be it fromthem to do
this!
Jesus Christ--May my soul be a sacri-
fice to Him only a few followers
at the time of His departure. Then,
after I-Iis departure, all the kings of the
world, philosophers of all nations,
learned men of all races and wise men
of all cre-eds, arose to suppress and de-
grade His Cause; but, finally, all the-
standards hoisted by those numerous na-
tions were upset, and the Banner of
Jesus Christ was fluttering on the lofti-
est mountain.
Now, praise be to God! that hundreds
of thousands of souls have assembled
under the Standard of the Covenant
through the assistance of the Blessed
Perfection. I declare by the Educator
of the visible and invisible, it will be
evidently witnessed that the descendants
of the violators will think their descent
as a disgrace, and will disown their
fathers and forefathers, just as Akrama,
the son of Abudjahl, kept clear of his
father; and Kaled, the son of Valid, left
his" father.
As these darkened souls (Nakazeen)
have imagined that the Power of the
Divine Testament is-but a power of man,
and that the Edifice of the Covenant is
as one of the baseless foundations of the
material world, they are plotting to de-
stroy this Divine Edifice with all in-
trigues and machinations.
Praise be to God! that the power of
Nero, the great Roman emperor, proved
impotent to Withstand the Cause of
Christ; While these Weak souls are plot-
ting to resist the P'oWer of the Covenant
of God. "Wherefore, take-example from
them, ye who have eyes."
The final result of 'all the influence, in-
solence, deception, intrigue and machi-
nations planned by the people of conceit
(Nakazeen) will be this: to cause the
few drops of Abdul-Baha's blood to be
shed, and thus be delivered from this
narrow and degraded world, to soar up
to the Court of the Greatest Mercy in
the Shadow of the Kingdom of El-Abba!
my God! Let this draw nigh unto
me and give me to drink from this cup

