STAR OF THE WEST 13
universal language. 
universal language shall be adopted
Which shall be taught in all the schools
and academies of the world." Thus
everyone shall need but two languages,
his national tongue and the universal
one.
TWe1fth--A universal tribunal. 
tribunal which shall be under the pro-
tection of God and under the protection
of all men. Each nation must obey the
decisions of this tribunal."
In the year 1908, at the reestablish-
ment of the Turkish Constitution, Abdul-
Baha, with many other prisoners and
exiles, was declared free, and is now no
longer under military surveillance.
Since his release he has made two tours,
the first to Europe, in 1911, and later
a return trip to Europe and America.
came forth from prison With whit-
ened hair and face furrowed with the
lines of many sorrows, yet brilliant With
the light of love.
Wherever he goes he spreads the gos-
pel of love and light, of unity and
peace. It is not so much the 
purity and reasonableness of his ideas,
founded upon his father's teachings,
that affect the listener, but the Wonder-
ful spirituality of his personality.
Today, amid all the suffering of his
people, he lives in his own home on
Mount Carmel, the "holy mountain-of
God." Famine, War and pestilence sur-
rounded him on all sides, yet he did not
flee. Amid all the devastation of the
World War, when his heart Was broken by
"man 's inhumanity to man," he still
held aloft the torch of assurance and
divine Love. He says: "The founda-
tion of all religions is One; now is the
time that all of us may embrace the law
of peace, and treat each other with hon-
esty and straightforwardness. Let -all
racial supremacy be done away With; let
political expediencies be discontinued,
and let the love of country be super-
seded by the love of the World."
Words of Abdul-Baha
Blessed is he Who proclaims the doctrine
of Spiritual Brotherhood, for he shall
be the Child of Light.
Blessed is he Who associates With all with
joy and fragrance, for he has obeyed
the commands of 
Blessed is he who is kind to his enemies,
for he shall Walk in the footsteps of
Christ.
Blessed is he who comforts the down-
trodden, for he Will be the friend of
God.
What Abdul-Baha said to five American Christian
Missionaries
From the Diary of Mirza Ahmad Sohrab.
ABDUL-BAHA to five young Amer-
ican teachers attending a Mission-
ary Conference in the vicinity of Mt.
Lebanon, and Who came to see him, said,
When asked his opinion of the United
States: "The true, liberal, religious
spirit is more in evidence in America
than in Europe; from an ethical stand-
point they are far ahead of European
nations. The American people are as
a Whole, a religious people. They in-
vestigate the Reality, and are free from
the fetters of prejudice. The Europeans
are not deeply religious, and they have
their prejudices. The American are an
inventive nation. In the light of their
manifold inventions, their services to
the World of humanity are considered
as incalculable."
QUESTION: "Is there any leader or
head in the Bahai Religion?"
ANSWER: "The Bahais are a com-
munity of co-operative servants, they
have no leader. Their only leader is
God. They have no ordained ministers
or priests. Whosoever hears and be-
lieves in the principles of this Cause, it-
is required of him to convey this Mes-

