Z96 STAR OF THE WEST
The casket close at hand. Allenby at this point turns
to the left and ascends as shown in pic nre on page oppositethe left is looking up the road. dd'-2" - - 
Letters telling of the passing of Abdul-Baha
Two letters from MISS OHANNA HAUFF,
at Haifa, Palestine, to her parents
in Stuttgart, Germany.
(From the Sun of Truth. Translated
from the German by Mrs. Aubrey J.
Kempner.)
November 28, 1921.
What terrible hours were these to-
night at the deathbed of the beloved
Master! At one o'clock at night (Mon-
day morning) We were called and told
the Master Was very low. Quickly We
went doW11 into the sorrowing house, to
his bedside; for a long time I did not
know Whether He was still with His
body or had ascended into His King-
dom. He is no lo-nger among us! Oh,
no, we must not say this; His spirit is
perhaps a thousand times nearer to us;
but it is incredible, unbelievable, be-
cause this great loss came so sWift--so
unexpected. \Ve are all as stunned. I
cannot say anything; I do not know
What Will happen!
Rouha Khanum told at
his bed Where he lay still, unspeakably
beautiful and as if she
had asked him only in the evening
Whether I might stay here for some time
and that he had replied: "She may
stay; she will be a beautiful teacher."
But I don't know What will happen
now; the heart, the mind, the spirit of
this town, this country, our whole World
is no longer in a human body!
When this letter reaches you, the sad
news Will have long reached the Whole
world. We stand in the spirit of Him
whose life Was a living from
the first to the last minute, for us and
for the World, but who is now released
from his sufferings and has entered into
the eternal Glory.
Friday and Saturday the Master had
some fever, Saturday it Was worse, Sun-
day he Was all right again. The cause
of death is not known; it Was general
Weakness probably. Half an hour be-
fore death, there was difficulty in
breathing. Shortly before passing away
He told his daughter that He Was going
across.
ii
Haifa, Palestine, Dec. 3, 1921.
As in a dream these last days have
passed. Since I Wrote to you on Mou-
day, after the incredible had happened
~incredible because it happened so un-
expectedly-much has come to pass.
Before I tell you something about it, I
wish to thank you from the bottom of

