STAR OF THE WEST 149
favor and assistance of His Majesty, Ab-
dul-Baha--May all souls be his sacrifice!
Your letters have arrived. Your great
effort in regard to the school on Mt. Car-
mel, near the Tomb of the Bab, is evi-
dent and clear.
God willing, this perishable one (Mon-
ereh Khanum), through the assistance of
Abdul-Baha, is your partner and asso-
ciate in this fine undertaking.
His Majesty, has said:
"One good action turns this World of
dust into a heavenly abode." .
Now, praise be to God, your high en-
deavor is centered in the Makam Ala
(the Tomb of the Bab) and also in the
highest paradise.
Do not feel discouraged if there is
some delay (over its realization).
The greatest Holy Leaf is present and
wishes me to convey to you her loving
greetings, also the holy leaves, Zia Khan-
um, Rhooah Khanum and Tuba Khan-
um, each in turn send greetings and
salutations. 
good wisher of the world of humanity!
This fine intention of yours meets with
the approval of His Majesty, 
LLAH, and will render seryice to all man-
kind. ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Paris, France, April 21, 1921.
To the STAR or TI-IE WEST:
The enclosed letter from Monerch
Khanum, the Master's wife, has just
been received. Will you be so good as
to publish it at once? I am sending
copies of her two preceding letters, one
of which you have already inserted in
your publication (see Vol. 11. page 225)
but if you see fit all three letters might
appear simultaneously.
The earnest desire of Monereh Khan-
um to see this great project of hers
quickly realized is strongly evinced in
this last letter and I deeply regret that
she has so poor an instrument as myself
to assist her. It seemed to me by mak-
ing a direct appeal to every believer-
especially to the women--since the Mas-
ter expressed the desire that the women
should build this the re-
sponse would be more spontaneous. I see
that I was mistaken, though I am sure if
every Woman would make the Willing
sacrifice of a gown and other articles of
wear which she indulges herself in, the
necessary sum for beginning the school
would be quickly forthcoming.
There are Women outside the Cause
who, I am sure, the thought of helping
towards the education and emancipation
of the Women of the East would appeal
to strongly. Why not try to enlist their
sympathies by putting the matter be-
fore them? Gould not a committee
be formed to discuss ways and means'?
May I make once more a most humble
appeal to all believers--men, women and
children--to send in their offering, big
or small. The call for help has resound-
ed from the spot we all look upon as
most holy. A call from the women of
the East to the Women of the West to
assist them to liberate themselves, and in
so doing to help the East to shake ofi' the
shackles that have held and bound her
for so many centuries, for there, where
there is no equality between men. and
women, there can be no real civilization.
This is a new era, a new dispensation,
and we believers are forerunners of a
new civilization, therefore, we cannot
remain deaf to Monereh Khanum's ap-
peal. Yours faithfully in El-Baha,
Edith Roohtch Sanderson.
[It is the wish of Rhoocth Khamum
that all contributions for this school
should be made through Mrs. Marjory
Morten, New York Bagdadi]
Urbana, Ill., May 2, 1921.
To the STAR or THE Wnsr:
I am sending you a translation of a
letter from Mrs. Schwartz in Stuttgart,
Germany, which I received not long ago.
I thought possibly you might like it.
With Bahai greetings,
Kate Kempner.

