90 STAR OF THE WEST
'the cl1ildren of the American Bahais.' 
The new Temple Unity Board elected
follows: Mountfort Mills, Alfred E.
Lunt, William H. Randall, Roy C. Wil-
helm, Mrs. Corinne True, Dr. Zia M.
Bagdadi, Mrs. Louise D. Boyle, George
O. Latimer, Charles Mason Remey.
The new National Teaching Com-
mittee:
Honorary emb anabe Fazel.
Representing the Northeastern States
H. Randall, Mabry C. Ogles-
by, Saffa Kinney, Roy C. Wilhelm.
Southern Sta-tes--Mrs. A. S. Parsons,
Mrs. Mariam Haney, Mrs. Della Murphy,
Louis G. Gregory.
Middle Annie L. Parmer-
ton, Dr. Zia. M. Bagdadi, Carl Scheffler.
Western States--Mirza Ahmad Soh-
rab, Mrs. Ella G. Cooper, Mrs. Elizabeth
Clark, George O. Latimer.
Canada--Mrs. May Maxwell, Mrs.
Laura Luther, Miss Marion Jack, J. H.
Hougen.
Wednesday Evening.
Mrs. Grace Krug presided and told
many beautiful things about the life of
Abdul-Baha, whom she saw on her recent
pilgrimage. She said he had given a
definition of religion as love in action,
that attitude toward God which reflects
itself in our attitude toward man.
She read: son of man! Lift up
thy heart with delight, that thou mayest
be fitted to meet Me to mirror forth My
Beauty."
Mr. Albert R. Vail, with his usual
charm, spoke on the essential necessity
of the Confirmation of the Holy Spirit:
"It is the day of universal conscious-
ness, and people, Whether they live
North, South, East or West, can see the
light and feel the heat of the luminous
Sun of Truth. It is the dawn of the one-
ness of the World of humanity and of
universal peace. fifty or
sixty years ago, called all nations to be-
come one nation. He proclaimed univer-
sal education, to be supplied by the
state; a universal language; equality of
men and women, the Sign of iove gradu-
ally penetrating the hearts and the vic-
tory of truth and justice.
The disciples of Jesus had no success
until they received the baptism which
Jesus promised them. Then all spoke
one language. It was the tongue of those
who can feel, the music of those who can
hear, the spirit of those Who can love. It
was the outpouring of divine wisdom
and love. The greatest turning point in
the world's history is now. It is the
springtime, when all religions and sects
come together in the world's peace. This
great peace is preceded by confusion,
revolution, upsetting of old systems and
forms. But through it all the radiance
of divine love bears down upon the
world. It brings new virtues, new poets,
new arts, a new creation. As Abdul-
Baha says, 'the realities of all things
move and quiver!'
"The flower that faces the sun receives
its full beauty; but if it lets something
overshadow it, there will be a deprivation
of this bounty. The world's history is
written in the springtime of these divine
appearances. And now is the greatest
springtime, Which will make all religions
one.
"Philosophers do not make people bet-
ter. Even the greatest of them, such as
Plato and Marcus Aurelius, were power-
less to change people 's characters. What
is needed to improve the World is the
power of the Holy Spirit. The Prophets
of God, Without human means, wealth,
education, or power, flood the world with
light and transform humanity. 
proclaimed universal principles
and lived them. He lived love and sacri-
fice and became more and more radiant.
Abdul-Baha reflects that Divine Spirit
with the same brilliancy and penetration.
It is this power that makes skeptics be-
come believers; doubtful souls have
faith; the aged renew their youth; the
simple become Wise and liars become
truthful. It is the dynamic force of the
universal religion and the Most Great
Peace."
Mrs. May Schetfler and Mr. Albert
R. Windust sang a duet.

