STAR OF
The glorious song of Benediction
closed the Rizwan Feast.
On the Temple Grouncls.
Sunday morning found many of the
friends on the grounds of the Mashreq'-
ul-Azkar, hallowed by the Visit of Abdul-
Baha nine years ago and dedicated to
the noblest of purposes. The nine great
wells sunk in the earth and proceding
to a depth of one hundred and twenty
feet to reach the solid rock, were viewed
with deep interest. The caissons to sup-
port the temple's foundation, will soon
be sunk. Happy is that house Whose
foundation is ta rock! It is the symbol
of faith.
The friends gathered around Janabe
Fazel, who gave an inspiring talk:
"Last year I came to Chicago and vis-
ited tl1e land of the Mashreq'ul-Azkar.
At that time it Was the plain ground,
without machinery to lay the foundation.
But this year, praise be to God! I see
the friends assembled to Witness the
work. No doubt in a short time others
will come to see the dedication of the
temple and its great service to humanity.
The Mashreq'ul-Azkar is one of the
greatest instruments for the diffusion of
the "Word. Consider, that the Temple is
not yet built. Yet circulation of photo-
graphs of the model and lectures about
it have created a most favorable impres-
sion of the Cause. Naturally those Who
travel ca-.11 see this more clearly than
those who reside continually in the same
community. Whenever we spoke of it
vast audiences listened with great inter-
est. Many, many hundreds had read
about it and asked questions. It created
Wide interest among all classes.
"People of the world find a lack of
spirit in the usual temples, but are in-
spired when they hear of this universal
structure, radiating the Holy Spirit.
They are eager to see it completed. If such
interest results from only the model,
what may We not hope from the com-
pleted structure? We who have here
gathered must truly consecrate our high-
est and best thought to this work, With-
THE 77
out too much of discussion. To build it
is the Work of this Convention. The Di-
vine confirmation is the only power to
direct and enlighten the hearts. For this
bounty We pray and supplicate."
Afternoon, Audz't0r'ium Hotel.
Hymn:
"Out of days of tribulation,
Days when nation hated nation,
Thou hast made us one relation.
Praise Thee, God!"
Prayer revealed by 
God! God! Unite the hearts of Thy
servants and reveal to them Thy great
purpose. May they follow Thy Com-
mandments and abide in Thy law. Help
them, God, in their endeavor and grant
them strength to serve Thee. God,
leave them not to themselves; but guide
their steps by the light of knowledge and
cheer their hearts by Thy love. Verily
Thou art their Helper and their Lord."
Miss Barbara Schrader sang a solo.
Mr. Mountfort Mills, presiding, read:
"The source of love is to advance to
the Beloved and to abandon all else save
Him and to have no hope save His
will."
"The root of all knowledge is the
knowledge of God: Glory be to Him!
And this knowledge is impossible save
through His Manifestation."
The chairman. said, "The words read
are those of in the last half
of the century closed. During his life-
time he issued laws for a new civilization
to be established. His Will and Testa-
ment appointed Abdul-Baha as the Cen-
ter of His Covenant, to carry on his work
of spiritual regeneration among all races
and nations. I have just returned from
my third pilgrimage to Abdul-Baha. All
of them have been privileges. This meet-
ing is to bring to you more closely than
before the mighty import of this work
and its indescribable value to each unit
and group of society. It is our effort
to share these teachings and their under-
standing of what We have so convinc-
ingly found, is the sole power of the
world today to solve its problems.

