Z20 STAR OF THE WEST
On Saturday afternoon we all met at
Miss Herrick's house. Miss Herrick is
a Very splendid and spiritual soul. Mr.
Eric Hammond c.ame to this meeting.
He is very inspiring and is silently en-
riching this impo-verished world with the
jewels and diadems of Bahai wealth.
I spoke in this meeting about the
progress of the Bahai Cause in India,
Where they had the First All-India Bahai
Convention in the last week of Decem-
ber, 1920. They had a splendid and suc-
cessful convention. His Holiness Abdul-
Baha sent a cablegram in reply to one
from India as follows:
"His Holiness BAHA is with
you--congratulations. 
On the first day the following resolu-
tions were passed:
1. That a supplication be forwarded to
His Holiness Abdul-Baha to visit
India.
2. That a fund may be collected for
a Mashreq 'Ul-Azkar in India.
3. That a Bahai School may be started
in Bombay.
4. That teachers may be sent in India
to spread the Cause.
A Wonderful spirit prevailed when
these resolutions were passed and the
first one was passed amid loud exclama-
tions, the whole audience standing.
Nearly 175 Bahais were present in all.
Prof. M. R. Shirazi presided at all the
morning sittings. anabe Mirza Mah-
mood welcomed the delegates and read a
poem composed by him for the Con-
vention.
On the second day, in the morning,
resolutions about starting a Bahai maga-
zine, appointing an organizing secretary,
having a free library and reading roon1
containing Bahai literature, opening a
book depot for sale of Bahai literature
and similar other resolutions were
passed.
On the third day various committees
were formed. All the morning sessions
began with prayer and ended with
prayer. Photographs of all the delegates
were taken and copies may be obtained
from Bahai Assembly, Bombay.
In the afternoon sessions public lec-
tures, according to the printed program,
were delivered, except that for want of
time, the lecture on "The Immortality
of Soul" had to be dropped and the one
on "The Economic and Industrial Prob-
lem" was delivered by Prof. Pritam
Singh instead of Prof. Shirazi. At the
end of all the lectures questions were
put and were replied to. Many non-
Bahais came to the meeting. The lec-
tures were full of spirit and were very
instructive and effective. Prof. Geddes
of Glasgow, who happened to be in In-
dia, addressed the audience. He re-
ferred to his meeting Abdul-Baha in
Haifa and said that they wanted land
for a school and Abdul-Baha gave them
land for a school and ?100 for erecting
the stairway which also leads to the Holy
Tomb of the Bab.
This is a very short account of the
most important event in India.
Mr. Vakil left Bombay in company
with Mr. and Mrs. Pritam Singh on an-
uary lst, 1921. They got down at Itavsi
and gave the message to several souls at
the station. The party arrived in Allah-
abad on January 3d, at 10 p. m.
On Jan. 5th a lecture on "Universal
Peace" was delivered in the Hindu
Hostel. Prof. Pritam Singh presided.
A short discussion followed at the end
of the meeting.
On Jan. 6th some persons came to Mr.
Pritam Singh's house and Mr. Vakil
spoke to them for several hours.
On Jan. 7th a lecture on the "Bahai
Movement" was delivered in the Ewing
Christian College. Prof. Dudgeon, Ph.
D., presided. The meeting was well at-
tended and the students showed much
interest in the movement.
On Jan. 8th they spoke at the Kayas-
tha Pathshala College on "Abdul-Baha
and Universal Religion." It was well

