STAR OF THE WEST 187
eight years old. We know that even
then he was the comfort and joy of the
whole Bahai colony!
One of the ladies apologized because
they had not bee11 over to the Pilgrim
House to call on us, for they had been
unusually busy. There is much to be
done in that big household, and in addi-
tion, two or three of the children had
been quite ill. I think it was Rouha
Khanum who was saying that they
wanted to see more of us, and she con-
tinued, "One should go and call on one 's
guests--and yet we do not!" Then she
smiled and said, "But you are not our
guests! you are members of our family!"
What sweeter hospitality could one
desire!
I have mentioned the big wicker
chair at the end of the room. However
I never saw the Master sit in it! \Vhen-
ever we saw him in that room, he sat
in a corner of one of the 
in the same place.
I think it was this same afternoon that
the ladies took us out and showed us
the garden. The whole plot of ground
upon which the house stands is from
one-third to one-half an acre in sizebeautifully cared-for
garden, except for the parts where build-
ings actually stand. (There is nothing
comparable in it to our American lawns
of grass!)
The garden has all been made since
1911 or 1912, by one faithful Bahai who
loves to serve the Master in that way.
I think many of the seeds, cuttings, etc.,
have been sent by Bahais from various
parts of the world. The result of the
gardener 's work is a lovely place.
Flowers, fruits and vegetables of many
varieties grow there. We saw peaches,
lemons and pomegranates hanging on
the trees. The pomegranates were just
ripening and one of the ladies picked
some for us to taste. There were two
varieties, a sweet kind, that every one
likes, and a rather sour kind which re-
minded us of our red currants. Cora
and I liked its sharp tartness, but most
of the others did not care for it. The
pomegranates are a beautiful fruit, with
their dozens and dozens of bright red
drops, crowded together within the red-
dish-yellow rind.
The Greatest Holy Leaf walked about
several of the garden paths, looking at
all the plants and trees. Some one told
us that that was the first time in months
that she had been in the garden! Ap-
parently the ladies seldom go into the
garden, because there are always men
about who do not belong to the imme-
diate family! And the Master says it
is still not the time for the Bahai women
in Haifa to go contrary to the custom
of the country with regard to veiling
when strange men are about. The ladies
are longing for the time to come when
they can lay aside the warm black veil!
To return to the garden: Several of
the paths have trellises over them, with
vines which make them very lovely.
Above the main gateway there is a big
bougonvillea plant which was covered
with many blossoms when we were there.
Beneath one of the arbors, against the
house, and just below the Master's win-
dow, was a ,garden-bench, where the
friends often sat and talked. Cora and
I went over there and sat for an hour
two or three times, drinking in the
beauty and peace. I had heard much
of the Master's garden, and I was so
happy to see it with my own eyes!
At dinner that Friday evening the
friends were very merry. There was
a constant chatter, laughter and teas-
ing! Mirza Badi (who is interpreter for
the English governor) sat next Mrs.
Hoagg, and they carried on a gay con-
versation. He has the nicest face, and
his eyes twinkle with fun all the time!
We had watermelon for dessert. When
the Master is not there to give the signal
for leaving the table, it is the custom
for all to watch until every one has
finished eating; then all rise at once.
But that evening, Malcolm and Mirza

