STAR OF THE WEST 297
Eh}? tall clun,i_p trees in background is immedgttely
in the om . The casket was carried point nearest this spot, then borne to the right to the Tomb. - 
my heart, that you let me come here,
that I was allowed to be here during
these Wonderful, hard and indescribably
beautiful times. . . . . Only after I had
been here for days, an understanding
gradually arose within me of what it
meant, and it was so indescribably
spiritualized in the human form-
always kind, always loving; already
partly absent, yet among us and talking
to us.
I am not worth it, that those radiant,
luminous, penetrating blue eyes should
have rested on me, that that kind
mouth should have spoken loving, beau-
tiful to me--and useless my life
would appear to me if the power of the
experience does not give me strength
to really remold my life and to lead it
to a high purpose.
Mr. and Mrs. Bosch, Dr. and Mrs.
Krug and I, were almost constantly in
the most intimate family circle. On Mon-
day night we were permitted to see the
face of the Master once more--the only
ones besides the family. I-Iow beautiful it
was! Such peace! such rest! I do not
believe that I shall ever in my life see
again such an unspeakably beautiful
face as that of Abdul-Baha in life and
in death. All day long and the night
afterwards I was still stunned, hardly
able to think, hardly able to bear the
grief and look on--until the next morn-
ing; then everything changed. We had
gone over at eight o'clock and stood
once more--for the last time, in the
room in which talked to us when He
was not well and in which he passed
aWay--before the bed on which rested
the beautiful, White-clad figure. . . . .
M-r. and Mrs. Bosch and I were alone
in the big hall as the sons-in-law passed
by to get the casket; they called Mr.
Bosch, who helped to carry the casket
into the death-chamber and to put the
body into it. For a short time the
ca.sket was left in the hall and Moham-
medan priests, who had asked permis-
sion to come, as did Jews and Chris-
tians, said a short prayer.
Then the casket was carried up the
mountain on the shoulders of eight men
who frequently changed. Never in my
life will I forget that walk. More than
an hour we followed the bier which
covered the human form of the beloved
stormy, rainy days, ra-
diant Weather; dark blue the sea, dark
blue the sky--~slowly, slowly followed
the crowd, reverently and they
followed the ruler who had gone to deep
silence and rest. VVhoever could, went
along, people and soldiers on both sides
of the road. The government and the
nobility to accompany "Sir Abbas Ef-
fendi"; the poor, their benefactor; the

