STAR OF THE IVEST 311
the grave, the spiritual atmosphere was
such that one of those present. testified
that it seemed to him that he could
sense and feel the joy and exultation
with which that dear soul ascended to
the Supreme Concourse to "tell the
angels what had happened to it in its
existence here below." And surely Mr;
Hoar had much to tell, for he was al-
ways kind and sympathetic to those in
trouble and generous even beyond his
means.
Mr. Hoar was one of the pioneers of
The Bahai Movement in America. He
was one of the very first to hear of the
teachings and accept them and was ab-
solutely staunch and unwaivering up to
the day of his departure.
The first mention of the Bahai Move-
ment in America was made by the
Reverend Henry H. Jessup, of Beirut,
Syria, at the l/Vorld's P'a-rliament of
Religions held in Chicago in 1893. At
that Congress, Dr. essup said:
"In the palace of Bahje, or Delight
just outside the Fortress of Acca, on the
Syrian Coast, there died a few months
since a famous Persian sage, the Babi
Saint named BAHA Glory
of God--the head of that vast reform
party of Persian Moslems who accept
the New Testament as the Word of God
and Christ as the Deliverer of Men, who
regard all nations as one and all men
as brothers."
Shortly after this announcement by
Dr. essup, Mr. Hoar heard of a class
in the Bahai teachings in Chicago and
joined it. Thornton Chase was also one
of the members of this class, and it was
at these classes that Mr. Hoar first met
Mr. Chase. The two men Were very
firm and close friends. We may be sure
that now, in the Supreme Concourse,
they are closer than ever before, or than
they ever deemed possible, while in this
body.
Mr. Hoar moved from Chicago to
New York in the early days of the Cause
in America, and was one of those most
instrumental i11 building up the Bahai
Assembly in New York. In those days
the teaching and spreading of the Cause
was far more difiicult than at present,
and those who followed it were fre-
quently ridiculed. Mr. Hoar's faith
never for a moment waivered, and he
was for years one of the most capable
and useful members of the New York
Board of Counsel.
In 1900, Mr. Hoar made the pilgrim-
age to Acca. He was there in the pres-
ence of Abdul-Baha from September
26th to October 9'th, two full weeks,
and during that time he constantly
received teachings from the Great Mas-
ter himself, and also from that greatest
of our Bahai teachers, Mirza Abul Fazl.
He was thoroughy grounded and i11-
structed in the fundamental Bahai
principles, and was one of those who
always insisted upon sticking to the
words of the Divine Text, and not mix-
ing with them the thoughts, opinions
and teachings of men. Although he was
exceedingly liberal and kind in his as-
sociation with men of all sorts and
shades of belief, he was nevertheless un-
compromising in his attitude that re-
ligion consisted of the teachings re-
vealed in the Divine Book and that we
had no right to mix with it our ow11
opinions and interpretations.
Referring to his trip to Acca, Abdul-
Baha in a Tablet to Mrs. S. G. Harris
said:
"As to his honor Mr. Hoar, verily
he is one who hath presented himself
here, "witnessed, heard, comprehended
and became illuminated and enlightened
with the light of the gift of God."
Towards the close o-f 1906, when
Abdul-Baha decided to send an Amer-
ican teacher to India, the Tablet in-
structing the American believers that
this should be done came to Mr. Hoar.
It was through his untiring efforts and
his ability that the necessary funds
were raised, and the trip successfully
made. "When the arrangements for the
trip were about completed, Mr. Hooper

