154- STAR OF THE WEST
thought. This is only attainable with
knowledge of the teachings when the
hearts of all present are in the utmost
state of severance and humbleness before
the threshold of the Covenant. "When
this ideal condition exists, the right
solutions of all questions are found, and
there are no doubts in the hearts of the
consultors. However, at times ideal con-
ditions may not exist, and there may be
a division of opinion among the mem-
bers of the assembly. Under these con-
ditions the beloved Abdul-Baha has
instructed the believers to cast a vote,
and for those in the minority to abide
by the will of the majority. It has been
found by adhering to this command
that a harmony is maintained which
bridges over, as it were, the times when
opinions are later, when
the people have a better knowledge of
the teachings, and a more abundant con-
firmation of the Spirit, their difierence
of opinion will cease to exist, and eve11-
tually they will unite in support of the
reality of the Covenant.
Some of the friends of the Bahai
Cause have been a little confused re-
garding the organization of the holy
Cause because of the wide circulation
of some Words, to the elfec-t that this
Cause should 11ever be 
some have imagined that no form of
Bahai organization should exist. Now
of late we are informed by pilgrims
returning to their homes from Palestine
that Abdul-Baha has explained that
these words circulated to the eifect
that the Cause should never be organ-
ized, give an impression very different
found that of the reality of his teach-
ings. Experience in the Bahai Cause
shows us that when special questions
arise, it is always well to gather together
all of the holy 'Nerds treating of the
subject, for when studying all of the
divine teachings treating of any one sub-
ject We obtain an all around and a com-
prehensive conception of the truth of
the matter. From one short excerpt
from the holy 'Words, separated from
its context, erroneous meanings may be
obtained. This danger does not exist
when we study the particular statement
in its rightful relation with the entire
teaching.
Applying this principle of the rela-
tion of any one statement contained in
the holy Words to the instructions in
the entire teaching to this statement that
"the Bahai Cause can never be organ-
ized,' we see immediately that there is a
discrepancy, for in the principles of the
Cause we find the foundation for a very
highly developed spiritual organization
which will center about the establish-
ment of the Bahai House of Justice.
Ample provision for this institution is
found in the revealed V/lord. The House
of Justice will be the organic center of
the Bahai Cause. Its duties will be so
important as to be the central point of
all Bahai matters in this world, even
to the explanation and amplification of
the holy way 'Words. This will be a
spiritual organization.
Let us consider these two kinds of
organization, namely, human and divine,
or organizations inorganic
and spivttually organ-to. In a spiritually
organic institution there is life and
growth, the organization ministering to
the growth of the activities of the insti-
tution and in no way cramping nor ob-
structing its life and development. How-
ever, it is quite the opposite with a
spiritually inorganic institution--one in
which the workings are so lifeless, crys-
tallized and inflexible as to preclude all
possibility of life, growth and develop-
ment, following the principles of divine
organization. In the spiritually inor-
ganic realm there is no movement and
no change, and consequently no growth
nor development. In other words, there
is but no life. For ex-
ample, compare a living plant with a
fossil. In one we have organization and
life, whereas in the other we have crys-
tallization or fossilization and death.
Applying this principle to religion, We
see that the Manifestations of God have

