116 STAR OF
realized the extreme importance of the
event and co-operated in a fine spirit of
harmony. Ex-Senator Moses E. Clapp
proved a valued friend.
Dr. Jason Noble Pierce, pastor of the
Church, opened the first session with a
beautiful prayer, invoking God, who
created out of one blood all the nations
of the earth, to help us realize that we
are all one, each our brother's keeper,
all the beloved children for who-m Jesus
THE WEST
these aside, see the noble qualities in
each race, and advance toward love and
fellowship. It is the spiritual power
alone that can create the bond."
Senator Samuel M. Shortridge of
California, the first speaker, made an
eloquent address, dwelling upon the
principles of peace and good will among
all men. He expressed admiration for
the colored race, saying he could never
-forget that colored men marched gladly
4 
New Commandment I give unto you that ye love one 
I110 er.
-1 rsus Chrixt.

"Exercise your rights in such a manner I5 not to injure an'
other man's rights."

Qionttention for Amity 
Zfietwcen the (Euluteh mum jliares
Quiet on fiuhenlg Utuhingl
fling I9. 2U unit 2!
i ?fitI?tlg8iinI1Il 
llith anh ?5 Streets .3.
Nalhinghn. Q. 01.
flouting Sessions o'clock Inching fusions 8:30 o'clock
Half a century ago in America slavery was abolished
Now there has arisen need for another great efiort in order that
prejudice may be overcome. 
Correction of the present wrong requires no army, for the 1
field of action is the hearts of our citizens. The instrument to be 
used is kindness, the ammuniti0n--understanding. The actors in 1,
this engagement for right are all the inhabitants of these United
States.
The great work we have' to do and for which this convention is 
J, called is the establishment of amity between the white and colored
people of our land.
When .we have put our own house in order, then we may be 
trusted to carry the message of universal peace to all mankind.
"Union and harmony are the cause of the order of the world
and the life of nations."

firunram

Evening, May 19th 
- Chairman, Mr. W1u.um H. RANDALL of Boston
Invocation ..Rev_ Dr. JASON Noam-: PIERCE 
Music--"Great Day_of God."
Address--"The Relation of the Times to World-Wide Peace"
Ex-Senator Moses B. Curr
Radiant Century of the Passing of Prejudice"
Mr. Auxur VAIL of Chicago
Heart Songs of a People ..Dunbar Community Singers
Mr. W. Score Mayo, Director
Story of the Songs ..Mrs. 
The Songs 
"Steal Away."
"See__Fo' and Twenty-Eiders."
Didn't Hear Nobody Pray."
"Go Down, Moses."
"Standing in the Need of Prayer.'
"Deep River."
"Were You There When They Crucified My Lord 
Knows"; "Bye and Bye" ..BurIeigh
Mrs. Harm? GRANT 
Marian Cook
Master LENORE Coax
Friday -Morning, May 20th
Chairman, Mr. ALBERT Van. oi Chicago
New Burrow
Address~"Racial C. LEE Coox of Louisville
Violin Solo--"The Coleridge Taylor
Mr. Josera Doususs
Address--"The New Springtime" LOUIS G. Gnsoonv
"Requite injury with kindness."
--Lao-tzr.
Page one of Program
Christ died. Vile meet in a. time of great
difficulty. Help us, by increasing Thy
power of love, to make us realize our
duty toward each other.
Mr. William H. Randall, presiding,
said, "This splendid gathering is a
tribute to the cause for which this con-
vention is called. We feel the spirit of
the age which calls us to remodel so-
ciety so that the human family can live
in peace and happiness. Pride of race
and prejudices destroy. May we put
4b
Page two of Program
to death that America might be free.
He promised in every proper, prudent
and possible Way to be their champion.
He voiced love for all men, especially
for those who bore our country's bur-
dens and exhorted all to that beautiful
service which binds men to the Kingdom
of God.
Mrs. Henry Grant and Master Lenore
Cook very sweetly sang vocal selections.
The latter was accompanied by his
uncle, Mr. Will M. Cook.

