STAR OF THE WEST 215
Cablegrain Announcing Second All-India Convention
Bombay 11
Wilhelm, 104 Wall Street, New York.
October 16, 1921.
Bahai convention December. Inform all.
M.-ueirioon.
News from India
enabe Mirza Mahmood has received a
Tablet from His Holiness Abdul-Baha
in reply to a communication from the
Bahais of India supplicating him to visit
that ancient country, as follows:
"The letter signed by most of the
friends in India has been received.
Abdul-Baha is greatly longing to make a
trip to India, provided health and time
permit." In the same Tablet it is re-
vealed that: "It is my hope that
extraordinary souls in that country from
among the people of that country will
arise in service."
In a Tablet revealed for enabe am-
sheed it is revealed that, "You shall
soon see in Persia that the people shall
believe in this Cause in groups every
day."
Echoes of First All-India Bahai Convention
Letter from K. K. 
Pollok Shields, Glasgow,
May 5, 1921.
Allaho 'Abha!
Miss Sophie Loeding, Chicago.
My dear Bahai sister:
. . .I left Glasgow on Friday, 
25th, and arrived in Manchester on
March 26th. I stayed in Manchester with
dear brother Mr. Joseph and was there
till Monday, the 4th of April, 1921. I
found the friends in Manchester in the
highest spirit. Every one of them, even
the youngest child, is full of enthusiasm
and Bahai love. They all inspired me
and my heart felt the spirtualizing ef-
fect of the silent but quickening song of
love and unity. They are all very earn-
est and anxious to devote their whole
lives to the service of the Divine Cause.
I was very happy with them and when
I left Manchester I felt as if I was leav-
ing people with whom I had been living
for many years. . . .
May they all blossom into beautiful,
sweet and fragrant flowers delighting
the hearts of all who pass by them, is my
earnest prayer to Him for them!
I left Manchester on Monday morning
and arrived in London the same evening
at 5 p. m. I stopped in London for a
week and I was staying there with
brother Mr. S. T. Ali of Rangoon. I had
never before met or seen Mr. Ali. Peo-
ple, who were there, were quite surprised
to see that we could be so intimate with
each other after a minute only. But you
know Bahais are always so hospitable
and loving. Next morning I met brother
Shoghi Rabbani Effendi, who even came
to Glasgow to meet me. Then I went to
see Miss Rosenberg on Tuesday evening.
She is a wonderful soul and has drunk
deep at the Kawther of His grace.
On Wednesday evening I went to at-
tend the usual Bahai meeting at Lind-
say Hall. Mr. Shoghi Riabbani read a
paper dealing with economic problems
(Continued on page 219) 

