STAR OF THE WEST 27
The Convention had decided not to
permit the women to attend their meet--
ings. I/Vhen I arrived, they could not
exclude me, so the women were permitted
to come and they turned out well at all
the services and it was a beautiful sight.
Native Women had never been known to
be present at such public lectures and it
was another surprise and instruction to
the people. The audience was most re-
spectful and listened and asked good
questions.
I spoke for five minutes upon the
equality of men and Women. Abdul-
Bahahelped me or I never could have
done it. The power of the Spirit was
so strong that I never thought of any-
one, only what I Wanted them to know.
Many of those who were present at Con-
vention are now going all through India
and after that they hope that Abdul-
Baha will come there. This surely must
prepare the way for Him!
Elizalbeth H. Stewart.
Tablets to Bahais in America received in 1919
MAUD THOMPSON
To the maid-servant of God, Mrs. Maud Thompson, Baltimore, Md.--Upon her
be El-Abha I
He Is God!
thou daughter of the Kingdom!
Thy letter was received. Thou hast praised the Convention of this year
(1919). This Convention in future shall acquire ap great importance. It shall
reach a point that all the Conventions of the World shall assume a lowly and
submissive attitude toward this Convention, for its basis is the oneness of the
World of humanity, universal peace, love and harmony among all men, equality
in rights among all people, benevolent deeds and the shining forth of the light
of Truth. Undoubtedly it shall increase dailyin power.
Praise ye God, therefore, that He has assisted in the establishment of such
a Convention. . . . .
I hope that through the infinite bounties or God all thy family may be
illumined and assisted.
Upon thee be Baha-el-Abha!
(Signed) ABBAs.
(Translated by Shoghi Rabbani, Haifa, Palestine; July 16, 1919.)
MAUD GAUDREAUX
To the maid-servant of God, Maud Gau-
dreaux, Yonkers, New York--Upon
her be E1-Abha!
Is God!
thou who art firm in .the Covenant!
Thy letter dated November 26th, 1918,
was received with the divine assistance.
I hope your gathering will widen from
day to day, and will increase in union
and 'harmony; will draw to itself the
bounty of the Kingdom; will be the cause
of the appearance of the oneness of the
world of humanity; will be kind to all
religions and the well-wisher of all races.
If in this coming summer thou goest to
Green Acre it will be highly favorable

