292 STAR OF THE WEST
The Leaders of Religions, the High Commissioner of Pales-  db ';T~lu 
tine and other notables arriving at the home of Abdul-Baha 
to attend the funeral.
like unto the-m. So it lies with you now, in America, who know this question
very well, _to prevent any communication between the friendsand the violators,
and not to admit the violators to your meetings.
The departure of Abdul-Baha took place at Haifa on Monday, November
28, 1921, at 1 :30 a. after an attack of bronchitis lasting about three days,
during which time the met visitors as usual. In the afternoon of the
last day (Sunday, November 27) three of the notables visited him, remaining
with him from 2 to 5 p. n1. He talked with them in his customary way and
walked to the door with them, where they begged him, for the sake of his health,
not to tire himself any longer. Abdul-Baha then talked to the family about his
departure, encouraging them and exhorting them to continue his work.
Among the utterances of Abdul-Baha was this: "F1r0~m~ this day the Guru-se
has beg/am, and the friends are new stronge-1' to bear the respomibility of the
Cause." He also said that he had many friends all over the world, while when
Jesus Christ departed he had only a few. He spoke up to a few moments before
he drew his last breath. Doctor Krug was present when he closed his eyes. Our
friend Joseph Hebeqa, who was sent from Alexandria to Haifa. on behalf of the
friends, relates that Doctor Krug was so affected that he did not speak, but sat
by himself meditating and sobbing, and went to the Tomb, where he Would kneel
and sob, bowing his forehead to the ground, and owing to his illness it was
necessary at times for the friends to help him rise again to his feet. This shows
how deep is the grief of the friends, when one like Doctor Krug, who was at
one time an unbeliever, _is thus affected. Surely the life of Abdul--Baha will
ever be an inspiration and an example to the friends all over the world.
The burial took place on Tuesday, November 29, the procession starting at
9 a. m. Sir Herbert Samuel, the High Commissioner of Palestine, accompanied
by the high offi-cials, arrived in a special train, starting from Jerusalem at mid-
night, in order to>> attend the funeral in time. The funeral, as described in an
Arabic paper* at Haifa, was miraculous and beyond description. All the people
of Haifa attended the funeral and all were bowed in grief a11d wept all the
way from his house to the Tomb on Mount Carmel.
\Vhen the casket containing the holy body of Abdul-Baha was placed before
"*See page 261 (English) and page 287 (Arabic).

