STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAI-IA
thou STAR or '1-in Wizsrl
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clinic.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand u_nshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
tu_re _thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Arms.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of BAHA my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or WEST, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the_ promulgator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the West, they may become informed with the most important events.
(Signed) Anus.
Editorial Stafl': ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
A
Honorary ember: AHM Sonium
Vol. 12 Sharaf 1, 77 (December 31, 1921) N0. 16
"The Master andhis whole family narrowly
escaped crucifixion"
Latter from ajor W. Tudor-Pole.
London, England,
December 2, 1921.
To the STAR or THE WEST:
"Te have not cabled to you this Week
in any official Way, as the news from
Haifa Will have reached you direct by
cable as soon as it came here, and our
hands have been pretty full in doing
all in our power to make the arrange-
ments which are referred to in the en-
closed memorandum.
The writer, on behalf of the English
friends, and on his own behalf, would
like to join with the American friends in
prayer and praise for a great and noble
life Wonderfully lived and finally
crowned by a peaceful passing into the
Wider Realms. Probably there is no
one who knows so well as the present
writer that the Master and his whole
family narrowly escaped crucifixion on
the Mount of Carmel two days before
we entered Haifa in August, 1918. This
tragic event was only frustrated by the
unexpectedly swift advance 0-f Allenby's
troops, which forced the Turkish authori-
ties out of Haifa before they even had
time to carry out their terrible threat,
or to take the Master and his family with
them into the hills as hostages. Knowing
all the facts at first hand, I can join with
the friends throughout the world in
thanksgiving that the last few years of
the Master 's life were spent in compara-
tive peace and tranquillity, and that his
passing over was not marred by any
tragic or untoward events.
Shoughi Rabbani and his sister will
be returning to Haifa towards the end
of the present month, and they will be
accompanied by Lady Blomfield, and by
Ziaoullah Asgarzade.
We have not yet received any further
details from Haifa beyond the first
cablegram, dated 3 p. 11/28/21, as
follows: "His ABDUL-BAHA
ASCENDED TO ABHA KINGDOM. INFORM
FRIENDS. (Signed) Honv
but we expect further news
hourly and daily, and shall be only too
glad to share with you all that is re-
ceived.
Although it is perhaps early days to
discuss the matter, I anticipate that the

