STAR OF
chair. They talked so much that finally
one of them said, "Let me go and find
out how the patient is," and when he
Went there the patient had already
passed away. (laughter.)
The religions of God are the medicines,
the remedies for the removal of the
diseases of humanity, but the followers
of these divine physicians instead of tak-
ing the medicines that they had pre-
scribed, sit around tables in con-
ventions and conferences and councils,
talking about the stations, the sublimity
of these great physicians, and they never
thought that the time had come for them
to take the medicine. Thus His Holiness,
has Warned us that the
age has come in which humanity must
avoid all theological Wrangles and meta-
physical discussions With which the past
ages were afflicted, and has revealed to
us the quintessence of the religions of the
world, which is harmony, love and unity.
\lVhen through his heav-
THE TVEST 85
enly power, manifested to the World of
humanity this great truth, immediately
the clouds were dispersed and the Sun
of Reality shone forth With the utmost
brilliancy. He pitched a tent, a taber-
nacle of unity, on the top of Mount Gar-
1nel,'in the Holy Land, the branches of
which have spread to all parts of the
globe. He constructed a home of love in
the rooms and the galleries and the
chambers of which all the races, all the
nations and all the religions may live
with the greatest fellowship and associa-
tion. This is the century of international
justice. This is the era of love. This is
the cycle of friendship. This is the time
in Which the power of universal religion
must be revealed. This is the hour in
which all the children of men must for-
get their past differences and live peace-
fully under the tent of universal love,
being the members of one family, the
stars of one heaven, the fingers of one
hand, and the flowers of one rose-garden
(applause).
The Thirteenth Mashreq'u1-Azkar Convention
(Continued from page 79)
Peace must spring from the heart of love,
not the sword. The Temple, when you
see it, will tell you what the Bahais
think of peace; for the Kingdom is the
state of unity Within man. It is the
embodiment of the teaching of religion
and its universal spread. The temple
of humanity is again adorned with the
message of God, to bring composure to
the hearts of the World. It is like the
kind and tender mother, who knows
that the child needs universal compan-
ionship, love, justice and education. A
spiritual king, with the commands of
teaching and healing, comes! A new
book answers the new soul needs of hu-
manity'! True religion offers the great
spiritual-balm to heal the world, remov-
ing all misunderstandings.
"God stamped his image and likeness
upon all. We must recognize brother-
hood and unity. This is made possible
by concentration upon the great Col-
lective Center, which is the Bahai Way
to worship. Come as you are! \Vhether
Jew, Christian, Moslem, or Buddhist,
the mantle you Wear is of no importance.
It is the seeking heart that counts. 'Nel-
come to the universal edifice of God!
"lVI.any temples Will be built by many
people. But our hope is that one mil-
lion souls with universal hearts will build
this temple. It will supply the World
consciousness that is needed today. It
will furnish room for meeting and con-
sultation through the guidance of the
Holy Spirit. It is the path that leads to
God--ser-vice, brotherhood, love."
Janabe Fazel closed with an address.
(See page 62.)
Sunday Evening.
A beautiful and impressive feature of
the convention Was the children 's meet-
ing Sunday evening. Miss Ella Robarts,

