170 STAR OF WEST
matured sufficiently to be given the cor-
rect spelling, at least of BAHA 
We have felt also that a unified spelling
of the sacred names throughout the
Bahai World Would make for the uni-
versal unification, which is 0-ne of the
basic principles of the Bahai Cause. 
have felt, also, not only that there should
be a standardized spelling in all Bahai
literature, but that Bahai literature
should be the most perfect literature in
the World, so elevating it above all criti-
cism by scholars and the unfriendly.
Being engaged upon a most important
Work in the interest of the Bahai Cause,
a Work which, when completed, must
compete scholastically, as well as histor-
ically, With all literature inimical to the
Cause, I supplicated Abdul-Baha for
the correct spelling of BAHA and
Mashreq 'Ul-Azkar. Mashreq 'Ul-Azkar
has also passed through various etymo-
logical changes in our American termi-
nology in 0-ur effort to arrive at its cor-
rect spelling.
In response to this supplication came
the Tablet above, With the very clear
letter of explanation by Aziz 'Ullah S.
Bahadur, stating explicitly the correct
spelling of both Words.
"Ye should spell them thus: BAHA
and Mashreq 'Ul-Azkar."
The STAR on TI-IE WEST, standing as
it does for the pure Teachings, the pure
creative Word, is the logical medium for
the dissemination throughout the Bahai
World of this explicit instruction as to
the spelling of the two names. It is
vastly important that We should have a
standardized spelling of all oriental
Bahai terminologies and at some future
date, through this same medium, a list
will be given with the correct spelling
from the pen of the supreme Authority,
Abdul-Baha.
As to the pronunciation of BAHA
and Mashreq 'Ul-Azkar, not
much need be said. But let us remind
ourselves that by accenting the final syl-
lables of the Words We express in our
vo-ice somewhat of the reverence that is
in our hearts-.
Let us remind ourselves also that the
first in Baha corresponds in sound
most closely to the in 'ask,' and the
in 'Ullah to the in 'full.'
Divided into syllables, then, We have:

Mash-req' 'Ul-Az-kar'.
I am sure it is as deep a satisfaction
to every American Bahai, as to myself,
to have revealed the authorized spelling
of these two names, that of the Manifes-
tation o-f Go-d and the gre-at Bahai Insti-
tution.
can Masson.
Tablet from Abdul-Baha to Victoria Bedikian
To the revered maid-servant of God, Vic-
toria (Bedikian), Montclair, N. .--
Unto her be the Glory of God, the
Most Glorious!
He Is God!
Today, at the Threshold of His Holi-
ness, BAHA there is nobody more
favored than thee, because thou art busy
in the service of the orphans and in the
education of the destitute, helpless chil-
dren. Thou hast no desire but to please
God.
Verily, verily, this service is directly
rendered to His Holiness BAHA 
Himself, because these children are His
dear children. This is why His Holi-
ness Christ (m.ay my soul be sacrificed
to Him) says, that from all parts of the
World people Will hasten to enter the
Kingdom, while the sons of the King-
dom go out of it; and again He says,
that children are the residents of the
Kingdom of God.
May thou be a. hundred thousand times
applauded for this service thou art ren-
deringl
Unto thee be the Glory of Ab-ha!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Aziz'Ullah S. Baha-
dur, Haifa, Palestine, December 9,
1920).

