STAR OF THE WEST 313
MRS. ARTHUR HATHAWAY.
Tablet from ABDUL--BAHA.
A supplication for Divine forgiveness for the deceased maid-servant of God,
Mrs. Arthur her be the Glory of God, the Most Glorious!
--Care of his honor, Mr. Arthur Hath.aWay--Unto him be BAHA 
El-Abha!
He Is God!
Thou affectionate Lord!
The maid~servant of God, Mrs. Hathaway, was a daughter of the King-
dom, Was enkindled with the fire of the love of God, had her attention fixed
upon Thee and Was aflame with the fire of Thy love. Her heart and soul were
illumined with the light of Guidance and with a supplicating spirit did she
hasten to Thy Kingdom. Lord! Bestow upon her (Thy) pardon and for-
giveness and immerse her in the ocean of light in the world of mysteries!
Verily Thou art the Pardoner and Thou art the Affectionate.
(Signed) .ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated November 22, 1920, by Azizullah S. Bahadur, Mount Carmel,
Palestine.)
God, appoint for him who advances toward Thee
and fasts by Thine order, the recompense of those
who speak not save by Thy permission"
MONTH OF 2cl to 20th, inclusive, clnring which no
manner of food or drink is to be taken between sunrise anal sunset. Fast-
ing is enjoined upon every one. Children, travelers, sick and infirm peo-
ple, pregnant women anol nnrsing mothers are free from this obligation.
God, verily I ask Thee, by Thy Name, by which Thou hast heard the
call of the passionate lovers, the cry of the yearning ones, the loud voices of
the near ones, the tender sigh of the sincere, and ordained the hope of the
desiring ones and granted them what they desired by Thy Bounty and Benevo-
lence, and by the Names by which the Sea of Forgiveness rolled before Thy
Face and the Cloud of Generosity showered upon Thy sincere servants, to
write (appoint) for him who advances toward Thee. and fasts by Thine order,
the recompense of those who speak not save by Thy permission and Who give
up what they have in Thy Cause and Love.
"Thou seest me, my God, holding to Thy Name, the Holy, the Shining,
the Precious, the Greatest, the Highest, "the Abha! And clinging to the Train
of Thy Robe, which is being grasped by all those of the life to come and the
present one."
Portion of the Prayer to be nsecl at Dawn, revealed by BAHA 

