STAR OF THE WEST 53
forth the glad-tidings of a New Day.
The picture now assumes color and feel~
ing, yet the final expression, the finish-
ing touches which added the soul-stir
ring qualities are yet to come.
After a short journey, the pilgrim
enters the Bahjee Palace, the last rest-
ing place of on earth, and
continues on to the sacred shrine. All
thought of time and place vanishes as
the seeker reaches the Place of Visita-
tion, and enters into communion with
his Lord. The masterpiece in all its
matchless beauty is imprinted with glow-
ing radiance on the canvas of his soul.
The Holy Grail has been attained, the
design completed; a heavenly vista is
revealed. New emotions and new aspira-
tions are created, great love expands the
heart, knowledge and certainty take the
place of doubt and fear, the great long-
ing has been satisfied, the search re-
warded and the pilgrimage ended-the
transformation is complete.
The pilgrim departs with the intense
desire of finding other souls upon which

The barred window where the pilgrims caught a glimpse
of Baha'o'llah when denied entrance to the prison
this masterpiece can be reproduced; the
imprint of the Spirit is eternal.
Amid such surroundings it is wonder-
ful to hear Abdul-Baha relate some of
the graphic events which marked the
latter days of life as
unique and peerless in the annals of
history. It is the lot of every prisoner
to be meek and oppressed, yet BAHA-
under the yoke of two power-
ful and despotic rulers, shows forth the
utmost majesty, 'while yet their prisonerThe Plain of Acca
proving that the only prison is the prison
of the self. Such was his majesty that
for five years the Governor of Acca, his
jailor and keeper, begged for admittance
to His Holy Presence without avail.
But Abdul-Baha tells the Story to the
pilgrim:
"For nine years, the first two of
which were passed in strict confinement
in those barracks, the Blessed Beauty
did not leave the gates
of the building and for quite a long
time he did not leave his room. Sev-
enty of his followers, men and women,
healthy and sick, old and young, were
confined in those barracks, at the gate
of which stood ten or twelve gendarmes,
while two of them accompanied one of
the friends who left the gates every
morning in order to provide the daily
means of subsistence (for the friends).
"It was toward the end of this period
of nine years that His Holiness Barra-
made the following remark: 
have not gazed at verdure for a long
(period of) time.' This remark reach-
ing my ears indirectly, I started imme-
diately outside the city gates, notwith-
standing the repeated prohibitive dec-
larations that had been made in suc-
cessive firmans (orders) with respect to

