298 STAR OF THE WEST

Arrival at the Tomb of the Bab. The Leaders of Religion and - . . - 1 -- -
other notables delivering soul-stirring tributes and eulogies 'k 
The casket is seen in lower left hand corner of picture. 
inhabitants of Haifa, their counsellor;
others, their greatest scholar, philoso-
pher and sage--men of all languages,
nations and creeds, who Were but pass-
ingly or not at all interested in his
Cause, crowded around his casket. A
triumphant procession it was, the first
fruit, at least the first visible fruit, of
his life of suiferings in this region af-
fiicted with spiritual blindness.
But before I noticed all that, the new
uplifting feeling had come over me;
while we slowly ascended the steep moun-
tain and Were looking at the deep, blue
sea, the white city of BAI-IA 
(Acca) and the radiant, blue sky, all
mourning left me and a feeling of
strength and comfort came over me; it
seemed as if Abdul-Baha had not gone,
as if the spirit of power and beauty that
speaks from out his Words, had suddenly,
inexplicably, come- over me and was com-
forting and guiding me past the sor-
rowing crowd into the nearness of His
love and life. (I cannot possibly give
an impression of what I felt; nor can
I find the words.) Mrs. Bosch had
similiar feelings and Mrs. Krug said It
was the most wonderful experience."
On the summit the casket was put
down in front of the Tomb of the Bab
and about five or six Arabic eulogies
and one French address were given--all
by non-Bahais who knew little of his
teachings. I hope to get the transla-
tions. The Frenchman said that all
stood deeply moved at the bier of a man
who had proclaimed the religion of the
soul, whose words and deeds were in
perfect harmony, Who gave the world
the most beautiful teachings of all phi-
losophies and all religions in such a way
that it could accept them, and he ended
with about these words: "Not only the
inhabitants of Acca, I-Iaifa and the
Persians in his country, but all civilized
people are wee-ping today at the bier of
this great one." The Arabic addresses
are said to have been very beautiful,
too.
To all in Haifa, to the government
which lowered its flag to half-mast, even
to the people Who Were indifferent or
opposed him because they could not get
away fro-m their fanatical prejudices,
to all ca.me a presentiment that one of
the greatest. had gone from them. Just
as at Christ's departure "the curtain
of the temple was rent in twain," the
curtain which does not let the real light
penetrate into the temple of religion.
God grant that it may remain rent and
that the light can get in! (Two years
ago, Abdul-Baha was asked when the
carnage and dreadful riots in the World
would stop. He answered: "When the

