STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. A1-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
(Signed) Annas.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE W1:s'r, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of that both in the
East and the West, they may become informed with the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Edito1'ial5tafl': ALBERT R. M. BAGDADI
Honorary fl/ember: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Vol. 192 Azamat 1, 77 (May 17, 1921) N0. 4
Editorial -- New Bahai agazines
In No. 2 issue of the present Volume
of the STAR on THE we repro-
duced, in miniature, the 16 pages of the
Sitar of the East, a new Bahai maga-
zine, published in Tokyo, Japan. in
this issue we reproduce in miniature the
cover and title page of the Sun of Truth,
another new Bahai magazine, published
in Stuttgart, Germany; also a reproduc-
tion of the cover of the Bahai News,
just received from Bombay, India.
We were told by his honor, Jenabe
Fazcl, that for some time a Bahai maga-
zine or newspaper has been published in
Ishkabad, Russia--alth0ugh we have
not received a. copy of it. All are ac-
quainted with Reality, now in its third
year, published in New York City, and
The Children of the Kingdom, published
in Boston, for the Bahai Juniors.
It gives the STAR great happiness to
mention these new Bahai magazines and
We consider it a privilege to be the
pioneer among such a galaxy of publi-
cations. The Stair of the East says that
because of the light from the STAR or
THE WEST their magazine shone forth.
The Bahai News of Bombay, chooses the
very title under which the STAR bega11--
the change of name taking place when
beginning its second year. It has always
been conducted by the Ba.hai News Serv-
ice, and we note that the friends in Bom-
bay have selected this same title for the
institution conducting their publication.
This is indeed another testimony to the
pioneer work of the STAR, which is now
in its twelfth year. Although but a
young tree it has already brought forth
fruit in that magazines with similar
titles have come into being.
The message of Abdul-Baba, sent
through Mrs, Ella Goodall Cooper, that
"a day will come when this paper will
be the greatest in the World," together
with the evidences above referred to, has
caused a new era for the STAR 01+' THE
WEST. At the recent Bahai Conven-
tion, held in Chicago, the delegates
assembled appointed a Committee to
investigate, report and offer sugges-
tions for the development of the STAR to
a magnitude worthy of its position in
the Bahai firmalnent. One meeting has

