STAR OF THE WEST 37
Fugeta--~whom I had never seen before
--We were all together in the American
Pilgrim House; and every day Abdul-
Baha came and lunched with us. My
forty days Were wonderful ones, indeed.
Again I laid my head at the two blessed
threshholds. I remembered you all, and
the day before I came away, early in
the morning before sunrise, Dr. Lot-
fullah Hakim and I Walked up the
blessed Mt. Carmel to the holy Tomb of
the Bab and prayed and supplicated
for all of us. The uplift was tremendous
and ever since my heart. has been sing-
ing one joyous song of praise. my
dear one, there is nothing, nothing in
the World today but this Cause; and Ab-
dul-Baha is so loving, so tender, so Won-
derful in his might and power. One
day We drove over in automobiles to
Acca and out to the Holy Threshhold of
the Tomb of There again
after eleven years I was permitted,
through the mercy of the Center of the
Covenant, to lay my head. I also was
i11 the great prison Where they first were
confined when they arrived in Acca. I
had never been there before, but now it
is in the hands of the English who are
making a barracks for soldiers but said
to Abdul-Baha: "The rooms that your
father, occupied we will
not do anything with but will keep them
for a place of visitation at all times." I
think Mrs. Goodall and Mrs. Cooper
will tell you of all the happenings 'and
I was there only a short time afterwards
but the Greatest Holy Leaf came back
from Beyrouth with Touba Khanum,
Mirza Mohsen, her husband and small
son Foad. I was so glad to see the
Greatest Holy Leaf. She is all spirit. I
was privileged to see much of the holy
household this time and having learned
Persian, I could talk with them, espe-
cially the Holy Mother who does not
know English. She and I grew to love
each other very much. Monavar Khanum
I saw in Port Said, where she is with
her husband Mirza Ahmad Yazdi. Zia
Khanumv and dear Rouha are serving
day and night; as Rouha does the trans-
lating for Abdul-Baha for the ladies,
she never has a moment to herself. They
are a most Wonderful household.
When I left Bombay, I came by way
of Indian ocean and Persian Gulf to
Basra-h, where I Went from gulf steamer
to a river steamer (We were very fortun-
ate as sometimes one has to Wait many
days for connecting steamer). I was a
whole Week coming up part of the way
on the Euphrates river to a certain
poi11t and then coming up the Tigris the
rest of the Way. The Garden of Eden
was supposed to be in this place where
the rivers part and there is a tree they
point out as the tree of knowledge, but
that is very uncertain. At the present
time they have two trees of knowledge
and call all Mesopotamia the Garden of
Eden. The river is so crooked that one
does not know if you are coming or go-
ing, sometimes the boat would be going
due east and in a half hour due west, or
north or south as the river turned. The
trip was pleasant except one day a very
bad fogall day.
The first thing' I did in Bagdad was
to find the friends after I had gotten
room at this hotel. had a beauti-
ful meeting one day from 4 to 6 P. 
and met some fifteen or twenty sturdy
Arabs with their fancy head trappings
and gold embroidered abas or coats.
had a most spiritual time. They
have just begun to open up the Work of
teaching here. Before they could not
do so. Now Abdul-Baha has sent them
a teacher from Persia, and I think much
work Will be done. Then I had the
blessed privilege of visiting the holy
house here, Where the Blessed Beauty
used to live--it is in great ruin and not
fit to enter. They have all the ma-
terial ready for rebuilding and in a
month they will begin as Abdul-Baha
has instructed them. One of the
friends here will advance the money and
afterward it will be gathered from all
the difierent assemblies. It is a blessed
privilege to be able to give towards it.

