STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
In the Interest of the BAHAI MOVEMENT
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, U. S. A.
Publishers: ALBERT R. BUIKEMA-DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Entered as second-class matter April 9, 1911, at the postoffice at Chicago, Ill., under the Act
of March 3, 1879.
TTERMS: $3.00 per year; 20 cents per copy. I Oz dz
Two copies to same name and address, $5.00 per year.
Make Money Orders Payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add sufficient to cover the bank exchange.
Address all communications to BAHAI NEWS O. Box 283, Chicago, I1l., U. S. A.
Vol. 12  Kamal I, 717* (August 20, l92l)j_ I Nfo. 9
Pen Pictures of Abdul-Baha in America
FROM THE DIARY OF JULIET THOMPSON
(Continued from page 150)
JUNE 21, Abdul-Baha went to Mont-
clair. Two days later Lua Getsinger,
Georgie Ralston and I were with him in
Montclair.
He served at the table that day. I
shall never forget his look of 
as he entered with a dish of fruit. It
was a glass bowl, filled with golden
peaches. Without turning his head--
his face was set straight before him and
was strangely and majestically still in
expression--he turned a piercing glance
on Lua and myself. It was a glance
like a sword, strangely watchful as it
flashed from the corners of his eyes
while his face was turned almost profile.
Before lunch, having banished Lua,
Georgia and me to the back porch, he
joined us there, striding up and down
and talking to us. As he walked he
shook us with his power. I felt myself
renewed in the curre11t of life eddying
from him. I felt myself sparkle with
this vivification, this exhilaration.
His eyes--those eyes of light, which
seem to be, and are, ever looking into
heaven, into that mysterious plane hid~
den from our sight, and when they
alight for an instant upon earth glance
away at once, back to the mysteries-
were more than ever brilliantly restless
that day; his Whole being indeed was
restless with a strange force. It seemed
as though the lightning of the Spirit
could scarcely endure to remain har-
nessed to the body. His whole bearing
was unusually foreign to earth. He
seemed almost out of the body.
While we were sitting around him on
the porch I told him that a woman I
knew, who had seen him once but knew
nothing of him, had said she would like
to "live near him."
He laughed. "She does not want to
live near me. She only wants a good
time!"
Then he grew serious. "To live near
me," he said, "one must have my aims
and objects. Do you remember the rich
young man who wanted to live near
Christ and when he found out what it
cost to live near it meant to
give away all his possessions, and to
take up a cross and follow Christ-
then," Abdul-Baha laughed, "he fled
away!
"Among the disciples of the Bab,"
continued Abdul-Baha, "were two, his
amanuensis and a firm believer. On the
eve of the Bab's the believer
prayed, 'Oh, let me die with you!'
"The amanuensis said, 'What shall I
do?'
'What shall I do!' laughed the
Master, in gentle mockery, 'What do
you want me to do?'
"The Bab said, 'Protect yourself.'
"The disciple died with the Bab, his
head upon the breast of the Bab, and
their bodies were mingled in death. The
amanuensis died in prison anyway, but
think of the difference in their stations!

