76 STAR OF THE IVEST
tinents. Each one is holding in his hand
a trumpet, blowing the breath of life
over all the regions. They are delivered
from human qualities and the defects of
the world of nature, are characterized
with the attributes of God and are at-
tracted with the fragrances of the Mer-
ciful. Like unto the apostles of Christ,
who were filled with Him, these souls
have also been filled with His Holiness,
that is, the love of B.in.i'-
o'LLAH-has so mastered every organ, part
and limb of their bodies, as to leave no
effect by the promptings of the human
world. . .. This is the meaning of the
Hosts of God." (Divine Plan, page 66).
anabe Fazel said: "Although the
hour is late, there is such a light in the
faces of the friends that am encouraged
to speak, with your indulgence and pa-
tience. The previous talks show the
promulgation of the Cause throughout
the world among nations and races. Al-
though the quintessence of prosperity is
no other than unity, yet the distinguish-
ing mark of the Bahai Cause is
universal unity. This gives the dynam-
ic force to impress people in all
walks of life. If an outsider reads the
Tablets of and Abdul-Baha
he will find so many passages of love
and harmony that it would appear that
these principles have been apotheosized.
It is through spiritual powers, mutual
explanations, love and understanding
that the Bahais have brought unity be-
tween the East and lVest. Also the
North and South are thrilled with this
wonderful message.
"Western nations enjoy liberty and
freedom. But in the East it is often dif-
ferent. Here an amusing story is told
to illustrate the fanatical prejudices
sometimes found in the Orient. A Mos-
priest was lying sick. A Christian
doctor, who was an eminent scientist,
was called in. The priest saw the doc-
tor and asked his wife who he was. Upon
being told he replied, 'If I take medicine
from that infidel I will surely go to hell.'
But the doctor said, 'Whether or not he
takes my medicine, he will go to hell. If
he refuses to take it he will go now. If
he takes it he will go later. It will post-
pone his trip!' The priest thereupon
thought it wisdom to take the medicine.
"It is self-evident that conflicts arise
from ignorance, intolerance, and mis-
trust. is like a glorious
Sun flooding the horizon with light and
more light. He spreads unity among
races, religions and nations, through ex-
planations, intelligence, and the working
of the Holy Spirit. I have travelled
many years and have seen 
and Abdul-Baha radiating from hearts
and souls. There is a greater trans-
forming power in these Divine Ma11ifes--
tations. Light and peace appear. In
Orient or Occident, North or South each
race or nation has its own native cos-
tumes, customs and laws. Yet there is
but one Spirit. Unity and fraternity
are the light of the new age. These
disciples of the new dispensation have
dedicated their lives to peace, brother-
hood, reality, throughout the world. As
we travel and search and try to find out,
we know that God is working in His own
mysterious way to establish human
solidarity. Forward looking men and
women, who have not heard the inessage
yet live the Bahai life. They acknowl-
edge, when they hear it, the greatness of
the message. Like the springtime, it
thrills all with the reality of new life
the great universal Gard-
ener, has planted the seeds in the world
of humanity. He is also watering them
and hearts are thrilled with the emotions
of the Kingdom. The Paradise is es-
tablished!
"During the past year I have found
many friends in the United States and
Canada, everywhere giving their lives
to spread these principles. hope,
pray, work, supplicate, that the Bahais,
who give so much of their time, may he
crowned with universal success. May
the ideal and real love of unity pitch its
tent in the center of the world and the
Kingdom of God be established in the
hearts of men."

