54 STAR OF
our trespassing the limits of the city
walls.
"The next day with some friends and
officials, I went out again, unmolested
and unopposed, although the guards and
sentinels stood on both sides of the city
gates. The third day I arranged a
sumptuous banquet, stretched a royal
The Rizwan Garden
table under the pine trees of Bahjee,
and gathered around it the notables
and officials of the town. I then ar-
ranged a sort of landau [this was the
first carriage to be seen in Acca] and
prepared the house Mazraeh, which lies
a couple of miles north of Bahjee. This
house was nearly in ruins, but I ar-
ranged with its proprietor, who was
one of our deadly enemies, to expend
its rent for its restoration. Gardens, a
courtyard, a grove of fruitful trees were
soon arranged and the Whole site looked
as if it were a Paradise of Eden.
"Then I solicited the Blessed Beauty
to move to that place for I knew every
barrier would break down, every re-
sistance would be destroyed, every ob-
stacle removed as soon as his divine
Will passed a certain decision. The
sure and determined answer that I re-
ceived to my repeated appeals was this:
am a prisoner; I am confined.' At
last I arranged for a certain mufty, a
clever, humorous and kind-hearted per-
THE WEST
son, who was greatly favored by BAHA-
to intercede, to fall on his
knees, to grasp his blessed hand, to
take hold firmly of the hem of his gar-
ment and not to leave until he would
secure the blessed consent. He did this
and his earnest solicitations made him
at last successful. He then gave to me
joyfully the news of His Holiness' con-
sent. In spite of the strict fir-man of
Abdul Aziz, which prohibited my meet-
ing and association with the Blessed Per-
fection, and our residence was in the
same house, I drove with him in that
closed carriage with no one to approach
or raise a Word of objection, until we
reached the palace of Mazraeh.
"Two years elapsed in a charming,
lovely and highly contrasting environ-
ment until it was decided to move to
Bahjee. This palace was thickly occu-
pied, the upper story reserved for the
proprietor's household and the lower
rooms crowded with the inhabitants of
Acca who streamed out to pass the warm
season beyond the hot, oppressive and
nauseating atmosphere of the city. It
was indeed providential that a disease,
highly contagious, broke out in the midst
of these people and soon the palace was
evacuated, the proprietor himself flee-
Under the mulberry trees. The seat at the right
is where Baha'o'lla.h sat and wrote Tablets
ing in distress and ready to offer the
house free of charge to any applicant.
When we. moved to the palace after hav-
ing fixed an exceptionally low rent, the
doors of majesty and of ideal, eternal

