STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity
I1 d' it e1' hall cease and
ween sons 0 men a strengt ene a lvers 0 1g'1on 
differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars
shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 12 Sharaf l, 77 (December 31, 1921) No. 16
"Now is the separation, longing ones!"
Wonns or BAHA 
Chanted in commemoration of the Ascension of His Holiness ABDUL-BAEA.
He Is God!
The nightingale of separation (perching) on the branch of the horizon
(of the word) is Warbling (saying) Verily, this is a separation, longing ones!
The bird of fidelity is singing from the tree of eternity, saying: Now is the
separation, 0 longing ones!
The dove of parting is cooing from tl1e Sadrat of separation, saying: 
longing ones, the separation has come!
Say: Verily, the time of union is over and the separation has come through
Divine decree; and this is a separation, longing ones!
The tears are flowing from the eyes of the people of eternity from among
the Supreme Concourse on account of this separation, longing ones!
The breeze of joy has ceased to blow from the garden of Light on account of
this separation, longing ones!
By God, Verily, the faces of those that are occupying high balconies have
turned pale on account of this separation, longing ones!
The joy of life of everything between the heaven and the earth has changed
on account of this separation, longing ones! 
The houries tinged their eyes with tears of blood, when they heard the
announcement of this separation, longing ones they will not adorn
themselves with the robes of eternity when they hear the announcement of this
separation, longing ones!
Verily, this is a sorrow with which no sorrow in the kingdom of spirituality
can be compared, for the breezes of separation have blown, longing ones!
Words of Abdul-Baha to Early American Bahais.
Farewell Words to the First Party of
America/n Pilgrims, Acca, 1898,
From "An Earl/y Pilgrimage."
ABDUL-B-AHA turned suddenly to
us, and raising his voice in a tone
so poignant that it pierced every heart,
he stretched his hands above us and said:
"Now the time has come when we must
part, but the separation is only of our
bodies, in spirit We are united. Ye are
the lights which shall be diifused; ye
are the waves of that sea which shall
spread and overflow the world. Each
Wave is precious to me and my nostrils
shall be gladdened by your fragrance.
Another commandment I give unto you,
that ye love one another even as I love
you. Great mercy and blessings are
promised to the people of your land, but
(Continued on page 254)

