STAR OF THE WEST 135
Pen Pictures of Abdul-Baha in America
FROM THE DIARY OF JULIET THOMPSON
was beautiful, the
ban11ers of the spring floating
out everywhere. The avenues were
leafy bowers, the parks gay and fra-
grant with flowers and blossoming
bushes and the grass-plots afire with the
color of their flower-beds. . . .
The day after I arrived, Tuesday,
April 23, 1912, I met the Master at
luncheon at the Embassy. The table
was strewn with rose-leaves, as it always
is in Acca, and Oriental dishes were
served. . . . There had been a long
conversation about material and spir-
itual diseases, their separate origins and
separate cures. Consumption had a spir-
itual cause; it often originated in grief.
The cure, therefore, must be spiritual.
The cause of insanity was spiritual. A
dear woman present brought up some
theories of spiritual causation. Just at
that moment they were serving salad.
"If all the spirits in the air," laughed
Abdul-Baha, "were to congregate to-
gether they could not create a salad!
Nevertheless the spirit of man is pow-
erful; for the spirit of man can soar
in the firmament of knowledge, can dis-
cover realities, can confer life, can re-
ceive the divine Glad-Tidings. Is not
this greater than making a salad?"
(with another bright laugh).
One more sweet thing. One of the
dishes was rather late appearing. Flor-
ence made some laughing apology for
keeping everyone waiting; whereupon
little Rahim spoke up.
"Even the King of Persia has to
wait, doesn't he, mother?"
"Rahim, dear, Abdul-Baha is King of
the whole world."
said Rahim, very much
abashed, forgot!"
After the luncheon a meeting had
been arranged for three o'clock to which
a number of very distinguished people
came. \Vhen Abdul-Baha came down,
after having rested a little a11d given
several private interviews, he addressed
the people, standing in the doorway in
the simplest and freest of attitudes and
speaking with a captivating sweetness,
a startling clarity and the unanswerable
logic and appalling simplicity of the
basic teaching of the prophet. Near
Abdul-Baha stood the Turkish ambas-
sador, his eyes fixed in an intent regard
full of deep wonder on that pure, noble
figure. When the discourse was ended
he turned to me.
"This is irrefutable. This is pure
logic," he said. . . . .
After the meeting at Florence's, one
was immediately held at Mrs. Parson 
in her beautiful Georgian house. It is
a house of rare refinement, and dignity,
and there, in a room built especially for
this purpose, since the house has been
built recently, Abdul-Baha held daily
meetings, receiving all the notables of
Washington. I think I must describe
that room:--A long and lofty hall, all
white; its ceilings and paneled white
walls carved delicately and ornamented
with white garlands; a platform set in
front of the fireplace was always banked
high with crimson roses, while at the
many windows hung curtains of trans-
parent, luminous green silk.
And--the Master I
Entering this room of studied sim-
plicity and conventional elegance with
the free step of one who was king a11d
yet friend to all; walking with his
natural majesty, yet with the simplicity
of his great realness, to one of the
windows; standing by the fluttering
silk curtains, and, while he talked with
that matchless ease to the assembled peo-
ple, gazing out into the light; turning
from the window; striding to and fro
(Continued on page 137)

