STAR OF THE WEST 21
The First All-India Bahai Convention
THE first All-India Bahai Convention was held i11 the Bahai I-Iall in Bom-
bay with Prof. Shirazi of Karashi in the chair. enabi Mirza Mahmood
on behalf of the Bahai Assembly of Bombay gave a cordial reception to the
delegates to the First Convention of Bahais in India. Among the delegates
were the representatives of all the great faiths of the World and representatives
of the different provinces of India.
The following Resolutions were passed unanimously:
Mar-mlng S'essi0n--De-0-ember 27th, 1920.
1. That a supplication signed by all the Bahais in India and Burma be
submitted to Abdul-Baha praying for a visit to this country.
2. That a Mashreq'ul-Azkar Committee be formed to collect funds to
erect at Mashreq'ul-Azkar in India.
3. That a school be started for the education of Bahai children in Bombay.
4. That teachers be sent out to the different parts of India for spreading
the cause.
ormhg er 28th, 1920.
5. That a Bahai Organ be started in India (English and Persian).
6. That a. Lib-rary, a Reading Room and a Bookstall be established in
Bombay.
7. That a Bahai Publishing Society be established With a view to translate
Bahai Literature into the Indian language.
Morn/mg Sess~i0n--Decem-ber 29th, 1920.
8. Four sub-committees were selected for carrying into effect the program
contemplated by the Convention
The sessions opened with prayer and closed with prayer.
(Letter from the Secretary)
Bombay, India, January 22, 1921.
To THE STAR or THE 
I have great pleasure in sending you
a copy of the Resolutions passed at the
morning sessions of the First All-India
Bahai Convention held in Bombay on the
27th, 28th and 29'th of December, 1920.
Photographs and newspaper accounts
have already been dispatched. Mirza
Mahmood has also sent a Persian poem
about the death of the great Bahai
teacher Jenabe Haji Mirza Heidar Ali
for publication in the STAR OF THE
We hope that you Will publish
it and also try to publish Persian ar-
ticles for friends in the East.
Yours sincerely,
Pritam Silngh,
Sec'y, English Section.
(From The Tim-es of Ihclia, Bombay,
December 28, 1920.)
THE BAHAI CONVENTION
Prophecies Discussed
The first All-India Bahai Convention
was held last evening in the Bahai Hall,
Forbes Street, amidst a very large audi-
ence of ladies and gentlemen of the
Parsi, Mohammedan and Hindu com-
munities. Dr. Mazharali presided. A
series of lectures have been arranged to
discuss the Bahai movement and to ex-
plain its aims and objects, and the first
of these commenced yesterday With a
lecture on "The Need of Divine Educa-
tion" by Prof. Shirazi.
The president at the outset explained
at length in Urdu the prophecies that
were Written in the various scriptures
and described the coming of the Imam
Mahdi supported by Which, he said,

