STAR OF THE WEST 105
nor chose a policeman to escort him; he
refused that, too. Every one of us
could see clearly that his life was in
great. danger and we were always advis-
ing him not to live in this town. His
words were, am not afraid to be
killed in the Path of God." Finally on
Saturday, the 12th of Jamadi Aval, 1339,
while he was walking with his brother
Hadji Mirza Yousef, in the streets (at
12 A. M.) he was shot dead by a young
terror, who up to the present time is
walking freely in the town. Hadji
Mirza Yousef had fainted; afterwards
he came to my house in a state of abso-
lute collapse. I treated him and he was
resuscitated. Had he expressed himself
he would also have been killed. His
wife was pregnant. Both of them went
to Hamadan full of spiritual happiness
and firmness in the Cause. Hadji Mirza
Yousef was encouraging each and all of
us. He said to some of the believers,
"Why are you frightened? My brother
is killed and not yours; if we do not
sacrifice our lives and properties in the
path of God, We are not Bahais."
The dead body was carried by the
policemen to the police station. There
was a crowd of about 5,000, or more, in
a great state of 
jeering and cursing. None of the be-
lievers could reveal themselves amidst
this furious mob. Even the Jews ex-
pressed their enmity; they did not allow
the body to be buried in the Jewish
cemetery.
At the moment when the enemies
thought that the limit of humiliation
had been reached, Mirza Yousef Khan
Quasvini, the Bahai teacher, began
teaching the policemen and officers, by
telling them that Bahais are quite will-
ing to be martyred; they are not dis-
pleased at the Divine Decree. He said
that besides this Mirza acoab Motahedi
had written a petition to Abdul-Baha
begging him to accept his 
He said that today we are not sorry,
today we are spiritually in great joy
and fragrance and he began chanting the
idden W0/rds and started with the
policeman to Nazmieh.
Mirza Yousef Khan was encom-
passed by a greater crowd. When he
went to Nazmieh he took with him four
coolies in order to carry the body to
the cemetery. His first words to the
chief of police were/: "The murderer
was mistaken; he ought to have killed
me. I am Motahedi. We are men who
kiss the hands of their murderers," etc.
When the dead body of the martyr
was taken to the house, almost all the
inhabitants of the town came to see what
was going to happen. People were
throwing stones, some were beating the
body with sticks, some spat at him,
others threw ashes and dust on him,
shouting, jeering and cursing. In fact,
they did all they could; they even
wanted to burn the body. They highly
praised the "good act" of the murderer.
It was 9 P. M. before Mirza Yousef
Khan had washed, dressed and placed
him in a clean coifiri, put a Bahai ring
of the Greatest Name upon his finger,
kissed him and chanted loudly the Bahai
prayer and buried him near the Jewish
cemetery.
Dear sister, I am unable to draw the
sketch of what I saw while the police-
men were escorting Mirza Yousef Khan
in front of the "procession" (the body
was taken by two coolies). In fact, he
showed a very splendid spirit of firm-
ness and self-sacrifice. Amidst the fero-
cious mob he was gently smiling and
very politely walking, two policemen,
with fixed bayonets, in front of him,
and two others behind; the mass of peo-
ple following.
The people are talking very much and
want to martyr Mirza Yousef Khan.
He does not seem to care. All day long
he walks the streets--especially in nar-
row streets purposely--in order to show
to the enemies that the Bahais are not
afraid of being killed.
The life of the rest of the friends is

