STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL--BAHA
thou STAR or THE W1-:sr!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will' become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become at last thou shalt become the first paper of the World of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness, firmness!
ABBAS.
TABLET FROM ABDUL--BAHA
ye apostles of BAI-IA my lite be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE WEST, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of that b-oth in the
East and the West they may become informed of the most important events.
(Signed) ABBAs. 7
Editorial Stafl': ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. Zu. M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD S01-IRAB
V01. 12 Kudi-at i, 7j_(Novembe1- 1921) i lye. 13
Needs of the Temple Treasury before Spring
Extracts from recent letter sent out by the Executive Board of
Bahai Temple Unity.
THE contract for construction of the
basement section of the Mashreq
'Ul-A-zkar was signed by the Bahai
Temple Unity with McCarty Brothers,
Chicago contractors, August 24, 1021,
and work was begun September 12,
1921. Already the ground is excavated
for the driving of the secondary pilings,
and the true, majestic proportions of
the Temple can now be realized by an
observer.~
This new contract with McCarty
Brothers was signed after full consul-
tation with the members of the Sub-
committee of Engineers of the Board,
provided for in the action of the last
Convention, and with the express ap-
proval and recommendation of Messrs.
W. S. Maxwell and E. Roger Boyle, the
members of the Committee present at
the consultation.
Although the net amount in the treas-
ury, after deducting estimated neces-
sary disbursements up to January 1,
1922, is approximately $15,000 less than
the amount of the contract authorized,
all agreed, including the Sub-committee
of Engineers, that the average flow of
contributions should amply take care of
this slight deficit prior to the time the
final payment becomes necessary, and in
this way the work of the Temple will
go on without check through the fall and
winter; otherwise nothing except a little
excavation work could be done until
spring which would tend to prevent the
construction of the basement being com-
pleted prior to next Bizwan.
This new contract for basement con-
struction, bringing the Divine Edifice
eleven feet above ground level, includes
all the structural work except a few
conveniences, i. electrical appliances,
certain plumbing fixtures, and other
necessary items. These minor items,
costing about $15,000 will have to be
installed before the commodious base-
ment rooms can be used for meetings,
conventions, etc., and we trust the
friends will do everything in their
power to meet this financial need before
early spring, when this final work can
be done. The items above named, cost-
ing about. $15,000, are, of course, in ad-

