STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of afiection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. lZ Kalamat l, 77 (July 13, 1921) No.7
The Dawn oi the "Sun of Reality and the Power
of the Influence of Baha'o'llah
Address of JENABE FAZEL, delivered at the Bahai Congress, held i11 the
Auditorium Hotel, Chicago, Wednesday evening, April 27th, 1921.
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Interpreter.
IT IS indeed a source of great pleasure
and joy that again we find ourselves
in this splendid audience tonight to
speak on the principles of peace,_1ove,
and amity which have come to encircle
the globe.
It is an incontrovertible fact that the
world of humanity today is sick, and the
greatest need of this sickness is to have
a Divine physician so that He may
diagnose the disease and prescribe the
medicine.
This disease, however, is not character-
istic of our age--the further we advance
toward the primitive ages the more we
find the traces and the signs of this
disease handed to us from age to age,
cycle to cycle.
As we study universal history, and
scan the pages of those ancient records,
we find that the world of humanity in all
ages and cycles, has been afflicted with
the satan of war, struggle, vicissitudc,
and carnage.
Long before mankind began to develop
sociological groups, and various nation
and state men were liv-
ing in the trees and the caves and the
rivers, in those primitive ages, still this
satan of hatred, animosity and ill feel-
ing held its rein over the minds and
hearts of men; but today it has made its
appearance under other names, such as,
racial, patriotic, and religious distinc-
tions.
Even when the people of the world
grew in intelligence and intellectual
faith, and began to establish the founda-
tions of states and governments, think-
ing that these states and governments
would protect the people from the rav-
ages of the satanic suggestions of each
other--1o and behold, these very gov-
ernments became the farmers or the
sowers of the seeds of suspicion, discon-
tent and ill feeling amongst their own
subjects and amongst the subjects of
each other.
No one can compute the millions of
innocent souls that were killed in order
toadvance the rapacity and the greed
of these the earth
which was crimsoned with the blood of
these people and the stars rolling in the
immensity of heaven, looking down with
wonder and astonishment at the intoler-
ance, ignorance and rapacity of man.
The more science advanced, the greater
the display of human intelligence and
genius became manifest, the wider be-
came the circle of human bloodshed,
carnage, and spoilation.
Science brought into the arena of
activity its deadly engines of warfare.
VVhereas, formerly, in the Dark Ages,
in a few years or in a few months only a
few thousand people were killed by
the two combatants-today, with these

