STAR OF THE WEST
Because aside from the racial prejudice there is another agitating factor. It
is that of America's enemies. These enemies are agitating both sides, that
is, they are stirring up the White race against the colored race and the
colored race against the White race. But of this the Americans are submerged
in the sea of ignorance. They will regret it. But of what use will their regret
be after the destruction of America? Will it be of any use then?"
I told him of a letter which I had received from Chicago during the Week,
stating that two houses belonging to colored Bahais had been bombed with
dynamite. Abdul-Baha said: foretell things before they happen and I
write about them before they occur. The dlestritotion of two or three houses
is of no impair-ta-nee, but the importance lies in what is ciomirtg, which is the
destruction of America. The Arabs have many proverbs. F'or instance, 'Heavy
rains begin with drops before it pours,' and 'The dancer starts with shaking
the shoulder, then the Whole body.' 'Now is the time for the Americans to take
up this matter: and unite both the white and the colored races. Otherwise,
121
hasten ye towards destruction! I-Iasten ye toward devastation!"
On other occasions the M-aster said he hoped that the race problem would he
solved by the American government.
May I request you to include this letter in your Convention report and
accept my sincere thanks'?
Faithfully yours,
iw M. ogdadi.
The Removal of Race Prejudice--Conrinued
A Compilation of the Words'of 
(Continued from page 108)
(From a Tablet to Mrs. Antoinette
Crump Cone, Chicago):
thou well-wisher of humanity!
Thy letter was received. Utmost sor-
row and sadness was produced, owing
to the prejudices and enmity which
exist between the White and colored
races. If this matter remains without
change, enmity will be increased day
by day and the final result will be hard-
ship and may end in bloodshed.
The most important teaching of His
Highness, is to leave be-
hind racial, political, religious, and
patriotic prejudices. Until these preju-
dices are entirely removed from the
people of the world, the realm of hu-
manity will not find rest. Nay, rather,
discord and bloodshed will be increased
day by day, and the foundation of the
prosperity of the World of man will be
destroyed.
It is impossible to strike at the root
of these racial, political, religious and
p-atriotic prejudices unless the inhab-
itants of the world come under the
shadow of This fact is
demonstrated and has become evident
in the Orient; for we can see that
through the effect of this 
Zoroastrians, Christians, Brahmins, and
Buddhists, are associated with each other
with the utmost. love and affinity, to such
an extent that they are considered one
race. Their different names are forgot-
ten; for instance, one often sees sitting
at the same table the l\/lusselman, the
Jew, the Christian, the Turk, the Euro-
pean, the Kurd, the 
ing and living with each other with
utmost concord and harmony. This
wonderful spirit is realized to such an
extent that it seems as though all of
them are both Occidental and Oriental.
Therefore, if thou seekest a remedy

