150 STAR OF THE WEST
Stuttgart, Germany.
Dear friends:
In behalf of my husbandjl' who is out
of town for a few days, I Want to thank
you most heartily for your transmission
of a third food-draft for the Bahais.
How kind and good it is of the Bahais
over there to remember the German
friends! We have many needy people
in our group who are made happy by
your kind help. All Esslin-
gen, Zutfenhausen, Reublingen, (Stoppin-
gen, Gera, Leipzig, being pro-
vided with the American "love offer-
ings (Liebesgaben), so that love is build-
ing a bridge from country to country.
In Germany we now have to do without
a great many things that seemed to be-
*Consul Schwartz
long to the necessities of life, for in-
stance, milk, which is only available for
infants and people over 70 years of age.
The butter rations are infinitesimal, white
bread forth.
Finally, one gets used to everything and
is content even so. Whosoever is a Ba-
hai with heart and soul, deems mental
health and spiritual wealth more preci-
ous than comfort.
We are very busy here. The ground
has been ploughed to receive the seed
of the new teaching so that our circle is
widening more and more.
With kind greetings to the Whole Ur-
bana group and. best regards also from
my husband,
Yours in El-Abha,
Alice. Schwarz.
Pen Pictures of Abdul-Baha in America
(Continued from page 14-7)
"The Holy Spirit, alone, can paint
this portrait," I said to Abdul-Baha.
"All confirmaton comes from the Cen-
ter of the Covenant. Oh, inspire me!"
"You will be inspired," said Abdul-
Baha, "for you are painting only for
the sake of God."
Then I let go, relying on his promise
and on the prayers of May and Lua;
and then a great wave of inspiration
came, lifting me to unimagined heights
of confidence, endowing me with clear,
sure perception, above all, filling, thrill-
.ing me with feeling, so profound and
immense that my hand, strangely cer-
tain, as direct as though guided by a
more powerful one, trembled so it could
scarcely execute. In five half-hours the
portrait was done (all except a sitting
for the last touches)--each day in a dif-
ferent light and environment?"
To be painting from the face that mir-
rors the Face of God and realizing this!
Oh, artists of the future, think what that
means, and forgive the inadequate ex-
portrait this size normally takes
forty hours at least.
pression I have left to you. Because of
these great difficulties I could not make
a studied portrait, it is only a sketch.
The light was unspeakably weak and
poor, everything external was against
me. But they say it is really like Ab-
dul-Baha--he, himself, says so. He
said, "It is the very nature." But
nothing is like him to me. That
immortal flash of the eyes, that mouth
superhumanly mobile, the piercing
sweetness and brilliancy of the look,
the celestial light of the ever-changing
face--who could paint? An emanation
of holiness that is almost visible, I can
find no words for it. You will have to
Wait, oh people who are to come! till
you see him in the Supreme Concourse.
There Was that other day, when in his
address to the believers Abdul-Baha de-
clared himself the Center of the Cove-
nant. The words are on record, though
not all, some he himself struck out when
the notes were presented to him, so that
the record is less strong, more guarded
than the spoken words were. They were
uttered with a great calm. That day
was the 19th of June. . . .
(To be continued)

