236 STAR OF THE WEST
which is overflowing with Thine Ancient
Choice Wine; cause me to taste of the
sweetness of this manifest prosperity,
and crown me with the diadem of this
great Favor. I yearn for this state! I
thirst after this Fountain of Life! And
"they who act unjustly shall kno-w here-
after with What treatment they shall be
treated." They desire to cause my
death, although the endurance of the
material bo-dy_ of Abdul-Baha is a
strongly fortified fortress for their pro-
tection, and every knowing man testifies
of this.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated 1905)
Unity Through in The Covenant--The Only
Path to Bahai Unity
(Continued from page 228)
fore, in the beginning one must make
his steps firm in the Cove-nant--so that
the Confirmation of BAHA may
encircle from all sides, the cohorts of the
Supreme Concourse may become the sup"
porters and the helpers, and the exhorte-
tions and advices of Abdul-Baha, like
unto the pictures engraved on the stone,
may remain permanent and ineffaceable
in the tablets of the hearts.
"The Second Condition: Fellowship
and love amongst the believers. The di-
vine friends must be attracted to and
enamored of each other and ever be
ready and Willing to sacrifice their own
lives for each other. Should one soul
from amongst the believers meet another
it must be as tho-ugh a thirsty one with
parched lips has reached to the fountain
of the Water of Life, o-r a lover has met
his true beloved. For one of the great-
est Divine wisdoms regarding the ap-
pearance of the Holy Manifestations is
this: The souls may come to know each
other and become intimate with each
other; the power of the love of God may
make all of them the waves of one sea,
the flowers of one rose-garden, and the
stars of one heaven."
From 0-tes taken at Accra, February 26',
18.99, by Miss Pearson:
"One thing I ask of you for your own
good, and that you must do if you wish
to gain the blessing. It is this: To stand
firm in the faith, without any wavering.
Whatever troubles may come to you or
to any of the believers, do not let your
faith be afiected by them in the slightest
degree, but stand as firm as a rock. Be
like Mary Magdalene, whose faith was
so strong that it was never shaken, even
for a moment, when Christ was put to
death; but with steadfast faith in him
she went to his discouraged disciples
and renewed and rekindled in their
hearts the wavering light of their faith
by reminding them of the promise their
Lord had made to them of his constant
presence, and showing them that it was
really of little consequence whether he
was with them in the body or not. She
so encouraged and strengthened them
by her words that their faith was con-
firmed; they became strong as lions and
went out teaching in all directions, and
by the power of God working through
them, the knowledge of God spread all
over the earth. Now in the eternal King-
dom their names shine as the most bril-
liant stars. Even here on this earth
their names are remembered with love
and reverence by millions. So the best
thing I can desire of you is to stand firm
in the faith, even if you hear of the mo-st
great troubles and sorrows even if
you were to hear that I had been killed
or crucified, as Christ was 1900 years
ago, let not your faith be in any wise
troubled or shaken. Arise for the work
of God and His Cause, and you shall
see His mighty power working in you,
and you will conquer all things; and
remember, whether I am on earth or not,
my presence will be with you always.
But work as if you were all but one soul
and one spirit living in different bodies."

