STAR OF THE WEST 133
of universal consciousness dawned; and
the highway of the Kingdom of God was
paved and His Holiness, 
appeared in the land of Teheran.
When this divine super-human being
appeared in that ancient country, then
and not till then did the Sun of Reality
shine forth; then and not till then did
universal peace become the most im-
portant problem before the face of the
people.
His divine teachings, his spiritual
principles, his celestial instructions,
shining like unto the refulgent rays of
the sun, were spread throughout the
East and the West, the North and the
South like the leaping forth of the sun
from the eastern horizon.
First, through his spiritual power
and divine life, removed
from amongst the religions of the Orient
religious prejudice and hatred Which
had been expressed toward one another
for ages.
It is almost impossible for the West-
ern, American, people, who are accus-
tomed to live in a liberal country with
practically no religious prejudice, to
conceive of that hatred, of that relig-
ious intolerance exercised in Oriental
countries.
Their fanaticism and dogmatic nar-
row-mindedness Went to such an extent
that they did not associate with one an-
other; they thought that they were con-
taminated if they even shook hands with
a man Who belonged to a contrary faith.
They would not even go into the streets
when it was raining for the fear that
their wet clothing might come in con-
tact with the clothing of another man
walking there who did not belong to
their own faith (laughter).
This is not an exaggeration. It hap-
pened often in the Orient that if a man
was sick, lying in bed, thirsty for a cup
of water and some one would come and
offer him a cup, he would open his eyes
and ask him, "To what religion do you
belong?" And if the answer was not
to his liking he would rather die, and
he actually would die by not drinking
the water, because this man did not be-
long to his own religion (laughter).
Only the power of God could trans-
form the hearts of these people, and
throw away these prejudices, which had
poisoned the very fountain of their lives
for many thousand years.
Through the appearance of 
LLAI-I these people were so united, so
well-knit together, their hearts and
minds were cemented to one another
to such an extent that if a stranger en-
tered in a meeting where these people
were, while formerly they belonged to
different religions, at that time, their
love, their amity, their friendship to-
ward one another was so genuine and
so manifest that he could not distinguish
them and he could not find out to what
religion they belonged in former days.
Whcli, last year, I arrived in this
country, I heard that a large number of
Christian ministers had arisen to unite
to bring together the various sects and
denominations of Christianity under the
name of the Inter-Allied Church Move-
ment. It made me extremely happy, be-
cause any attempt to bring about unity
is indeed praiseworthy.
But, when I investigated the matter a
little more, I found that these worthy
gentlemen had very interesting conven-
tions, they had banquets, they sat around
decorated tables, they ate chicken salad
(laughter) and ice cream, they gave very
eloquent speeches on the necessity of
unity, and agreed; but once they left
those halls, they left, likewise, their talks,
with the withered flowers 011 the tables,
and thus they continued to practice the
same, old dogmas, creeds, and traditions,
as though there was no attempt whatso-
ever to unite the churches. Nay, rather,
we added another denomination to the
Christian churches under the name
Inter-Allied Church Movement (laugh-
ter and applause).
It is as evident as sunlight, that these
denominations and sects are the results
of dogmas and creeds. As long as the

