STAR OF THE WEST
-I 77 I-Iuilv
The beloved of the Lord are wrapped in utter sincerity
and devotion, unmindful of this rancor and malice. Smooth
and insidious are these snakes, these whisperers of evil,
artful in their craft and guile. Be ye on your guard and
eqer wakefulf Quick-witted a11d keen of intellect are the
faithful and firm and steadfast are the assured! Act ye
with all circumspection. "Fear ye the sagacity of the faith-
ful, for he seeth with the Light Divine!" (K0ran.) Beware
lest any soul should privily cause disruption or stir up
strife. In the Cause of the Impregnable Stronghold be ye
brave warriors, and for the goodly mansion a valiant host.
Exercise the utlnost care and day and night be on your
guard that thereby the tyrant may not inflict a11 injury.
Study the Tablet of The Holy Mariner that ye may know
the truth and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully
foretold future events. Let them that perceive take warning!
Dust-like, Abdul-Baha, at the sacred Threshold, and in
the daytime a11d the night season, in utter humility and
lowliness, is engaged in the promulgation of His Signs and,
whensoever findeth he time, prayeth ardently and inspireth,
saying: Thou Divine Providence! Pitiful are we--grant
us Thy succor; homeless -and wanderers~give us Thy shel-
ter; scattered--do Thou unite us; astray-join us to the
fold; bereft--do Thou bestow upon us a portion and a share;
athirst--lead us to the Well-Spring of Life; frail--strengthen
us that we may arise to exalt Thy Cause and present our-
selves a living sacrifice in the pathway of Guidance!"
The faithless, however, by day and night, openly and
privily strive to their utmost to shake the foundations of
the Cause, to root out the Blessed Tree, to deprive this
servant from serving, to kindle secretly sedition and strife
and to annihilate Abdul-Baha! Outwardly they appear as
sheep, yet inwardly are naught but ravening wolves. Sweet
in words, yet at heart a deadly poison.
ye beloved ones! Guard the Cause of God! Let no
sweetness of tongue beguile you; nay, rather, consider the
motive of every soul and ponder over the thought he cher-
isheth. Be ye straightway mindful and on your guard.
Avoid, yet be not aggressive! Turn away from censure
and from slander! Leave him in the Hand of God!
Upon ye rest the Glory of Glories!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA Ass./as.

