STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the g0OCl of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled'. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 12 Nur 1,77 (June 5,1921) No. 5
The Conformity of Science and Religion --The Universal
Education of the Future
Address of JENAB1 FAZEL, delivered at the Bahai Congress, held in the
Auditorium Hotel, Chicago, Tuesday evening, April 26th, 1921
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, Interpreter. Stenographically reported.
THE cause of His Holiness, 
is a movement, a dispensa-
tion which includes in it the dreams, the
visions. the aspirations and the hopes
of the past seers, prophets, thinkers and
philosophers, impartially, and with an
of justice and equanimity.
If a student studies and investigates
the realities and the principles of the re-
ligion of he will find
therein all the truth, all the realities,
which are for the betterment and the
refinement of character and the devel-
opment of humanity.
One of the cardinal principles of this
blessed dispensation is the conformity of
all religious ideals with scientific deduc-
tions. If a person ponders over this
great principle, he will realize that it has
solved one of the greatest problems of
the age; it has eradicated the source of
many misunderstandings and confusions
which were the causes of war and strug-
gle in former ages.
There is no doubt whatsoever that in
this universal scheme of things, in this
laboratory of nature, there is no more
complete, and intricate, and subtle facul-
ty created by God than the brain and its
manifold convolutions. The categories,
and spiritual, belong to the
manifestations of the brain. No matter
how you may locate it, whether in the
cerebrum or cerebellum, whether in the
lower or upper part of the brain--these
categories are the most wonderful, the
most perfect realization of this great
phenomenon called mind or brain.
The sublimity, the grandeur, and the
all comprehending powers of man eman-
ate from the mind. If man were minus
the functioning powers of the mind, he
would be less than the animals, or any-
thing in the animal kingdom, save cer-
tain kinds, who manifest greater powers
of instinct or characteristics than man.
The intellectual function in man is like
a brilliant star or lamp deposited by the
hand of the Almighty in the very cen-
ter of the human being, which function-
ing power has the quality of revealing
and discovering all the secret laws of
nature and creation.
It is the manifesting of that mental
power which has made possible the revel-
ation of the mysteries of the laws of na-
ture. It is through that intellectual
power that sciences, arts, crafts, indus-
tries, and all the other instruments and
channels of modern civilization, have
transformed the world, and have brought
to them those elements which have made
life livable and comfortable in our mod-
ern civilization.
We can liken this intellectual power
to a mine in the depth of which there
are infinite gems and jewels. From the
beginning of creation the world of hu-
manity has been digging and digging so
that these jewels and gems, hidden in

