214>> STAR OF THE WEST
Later in the morning Cora and I were
sitting on a bench in the garden, just
below the Window of the Master's writ-
ing-room. Occasionally his voice floated
down to us, as he dictated or talked With
a caller. Once he came out of the house,
and walked to the corner of the garden,
where some masonry was being done.
Soon he returned, and his voice was
again heard from his room. Such brief
glimpses made us very happy, for he
radiates such life that one is lifted to-
ward supreme joy just to know he is
near. In his Essense he is so detached
from things, he is so different
from all human beings one has ever seen,
he is Love incarnate.
Mirza Aziz 'Ullah came and talked
with us for a while, and told us stories
about the European Bahais whom he
had visited not long ago. Other friends
passed and stopped for a word. It was a
perfect morning and we were sorry when
the lunch-hour called us back to the Pil-
grim House.
After dinner that evening Rouha Kha-
num took us to receive the Master's
farewell. I can remember very little of
What he said. He told us that his love
and thoughts and prayers would go with
us. He sent his love and greetings to
all the Bahais in America.
I knew that I should not see him again,
but I felt no sadness or grief. His love
was too great: it poured in a radiant
flood about me, and held me suspended
in a priceless moment, when time stood
still, and I lived in eternity. His eyes
were glorious stars of light and love.
No words can express their beauty.
He shook hands with us in parting.
When he said good-bye to Sylvia, he
smiled down at her and said, "Sylvia 
Badia Khanum Badia 1' 
his voice was filled with the most af-
fectionate and sweet laughter!
Thus we left the Master 's house, that
wonderful home, of which he has said,
"My home is the home of peace. My
home is the home of joy and delight.
My home is the home of laughter and
exultation. Whoever enters through the
portals of this home must go out with
gladsome heart."
Next morning, before daybreak, we
ate our last' meal in the Pilgrim House
and said farewell to our happy house-
mates there. Said Effendi, Mirza Lot-
fullah, Rouhi Effe-ndi, and faithful
Esfendiar and his horses, took us to the
train which left at 6:00 a. m. We had
a half-hour's talk with the young men
before the train pulled of that
time I remember clearly one thing.
Mirza Lotfullah turned to us as he said
good-bye, and added, "Be good! Be
good Then he smiled and said, "You
know what I mean!" And no one who
had seen the members of the Master's
household for a Week could fail to know
that "to be good" is love and service
and the spreading of the ideals that the
Master teaches.
In the Hidden Words BAHA 
has said, "If thou run with all immen-
sity and speed through the space of
heaven, thou shalt find no rest save in
obedience to Our Command and in de-
votion before Our Face." In Haifa one
learns, as never before, the meaning of
that sentence. The will to obey, a long-
ing for devotion, are born in one 's heart
and spirit.
Since we left the Master 's home, the
days and weeks and months fly past, and
are filled with many duties; many calls
to help in the Work of the world. But
the beauty of the Master's face is with
us. "In the light of His Holy Presence
all desires die save the desire to be like
Him."
Allaho 'Abha I

"But I shall go down from this airy space, this
swift white peace, this stinging exultation.
And time shall close about me, and my soul stir
to the of the daily round.
Yet, having known, life will not press so close,
and always I shall feel time ravel thin about
me;
For once I stood
In the white, windy presence of eternity."
From The Most Sacred Mountain,
by Eunice Tietjens.

