STAR OF THE 299
world will have become wise enough to
accept the teachings of BAHA 
After the speeches were over, the casket
was put down in the Tomb where it
will remain until the orders which
Abdul-Baha has left and his last \Vill
and Testament will have been read,
which will be done by his oldest grand-
son who is shortly expected back from
London.
The heart-breaking grief of the fam-
ily, especially of the poor locked-in
women whose sole spiritual life he was,
is still harder, still more terrible and
painful than that of the men. It is an
irreplaceable loss for them. It had
come so suddenly for all of them-, al-
though the Master had spoken for
months continually of his going--they
had not understood, probably because
they simply could not believe it. Now
only do they begin to realize it.
And he was so Weary, so tired! He
said it to us, he said to everybody. Mrs.
Bosch told me even 011 the first day:
"His Work is done, completely done,
everything has been said; every fur-
ther day is a gift of grace." Vlle did
11ot dare to ask questions, nor dare to
deliver the letters, because we heard
400 letters were still lying there un-
answered, but in his great love and kind-
ness for Germany he wanted to- have
them nevertheless and his very last Tab-
let is going to Germany. The Krugs
said too, a veil seemed to be about him,
that he Was quite different than before.
I felt the strangeness at first as some-
thing too high, to-o incomprehensible at
the first meeting and later, when his
kindness bridged it over, I felt that he
was hardly a human being any longer.
On Sunday when he was so much better
again that We were all quite happy, he
told his family that he was leaving them
now, that they should faithfully serve
the Cause of God and should not let any
enemies enter therein. He said: "This
is my last day." But nobody realized
what he meant, they thought he wanted
to undertake a sudden journey, as he
often did. 'When he said it, he smiled
as if joking, and since he liked to joke
they did not take it seriously. Then he
told his daughter Rouha that he needed
nothing, that he was well and all should
go to she remained with him.
At one o'olock at night he complained
about difficulty of breathing and she
threw back the mosquito netting, and
Wanted to give him milk, but he said;
"You want to give me milk now that I
am dying'l"'
She had Dr. Krug called at once. By
this calling I woke up too, but when he
got there, the Master had already passed
away. "As a thief in the night" was
his coming and going, so that this
prophecy too should be fulfilled!
But now the time has come for every
one to Work, for the Germans particu-
larly whom he loved so dearly, to whom
his last message work in order
to maintain unity and to definitely over-
come all children's diseases. Hardest
to bear for me was the grief of the un-
happy helpless women, who locked up in
their ho-uses and hidden behind their
black veils, cannot work as we do and
cannot divert themselves to get over
their sorrow; moreover, the horrid ori-
ental custom Which forces them to ac-
cept callers for seven days from morn-
ing till night and to listen to the Weep-
ing and wailing of all Syrian women
who are entire strangers to them. Turk-
ish and Arabic women are there too; all
day long it continues without mercy;
the nobler and more honored the de-
ceased, the more wailing and the longer
the call. It hurts my very soul, but I
can scarcely be of any help, because I
do not speak the language. Vile are
often over there. Day before yesterday
they even sent for'us. Our presence,
with our poise and true sympathy and
understanding, seems to help them,
their only joy it is to have the friends
with them and to pray to become worthy
to enact the Master's will.

