STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAI-IA ABBAS.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of BAHA my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE Wnsr, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the West they may become informed of the most im-portant events.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Editorial Stafi: ALBERT R. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Vol. 12 (Kowl 1, 77 (November 23, 1921) (No. 151
Recent Cablegrams from Abdul-Baha.
Cable to Roy Wilhelm, November 8, 1921:
"How is situation and health of friends?" (Signed) ABBAS.
Mr. Wilhelm cabled in reply, November 9, 1921: "Chicago, Washington, Philadelphia agitating violation.
Centering Fernald, Dyer, Watson. New York, Boston refused join, standing solidly constructive policy."
Cable to Roy W'1IZh'elm, November 12, 1921,-
"He who sits With leper catches leprosy. He Who is with Christ shuns
Pharisees and abhors Judas Isoario-ts. Certainly shun violators. Inform Good-
all, True and Parsons telegraphically." (Signed) ABBAS.
Second Gable to Rioy Wilhelm, November 12, 1921 .-
implore health from divine bounty." (Signed) 
Latest Tablet to Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi.
To his honor Dr. Zia Effendi Bagdadi--
Upon him be BAHA. E1-Abhal
He Is God!
thou Who art firm in the Covenant:
essence of error! For Abdul-Baha cor-
responds With all the people, even with
the enemies. This emanates from his
mercy and not for their merit.
One of the women of Chicago has Writ-
Your letter has been received. You
have Written that some of the waverers
had written to me letters and that I had
written answers to them; that some have
taken this as a proof that association with
the Waverers is permissible. This is the
ten me a letter. In the first sentence she
asked, "Why do the friends associate
with a person who is Wicked?" In the
second sentence she asked, "Why should
the blessed souls shun the wicked souls 1? 
In the first sentence she Wrote this and in
(Continued on page 234)

