234 STAR OF WEST
city a stinking odor will soon be spread. You should avoid it. So are ye com-
manded by His Holiness the Knower and the Wise;" That foul odor is that of
Violation. Also in the Tablet of Advice He says: "Now do not neglect your
Sower, Protector and Educator; and do not choose and prefer others to Him,
lest foul and poisonous winds should pass over you."
His Holiness Christ says that the owner of the garden does not leave the
dried tree, but certainly cuts it and throws it into the fire, because the dried
wood is worthy and deserving of fire.
Again His Holiness BAHA says: "Then, ye trees of the blessed
garden of my bestowal, pro-tect ye yourselves from the poison of the treacherous
souls and the stinking winds, which are the association of the poletheist. and the
negligent ones. -So that the trees of existence, through the bounty of the Wor-
shipped (God) be not deprived of the blessed breaths and breezes of love."
In the Persian Hidden Words He says: my son! The company of the
wicked increaseth sorrow and the fellowship of the righteous removeth the rust
of the mind." And also He says: "Beware Son of Dust! Walk not with
the wicked and confederate not with him, for the companionship of the wicked
changeth the light of Life into the fire of remorse." This is the admonishment
of His Holiness Christ and the advisements of His Holiness BAHA 
But your other questions a.re the proofs of this statement, and there is no
need of answering. I pray for thee that thou mayest reach to such a condition
that it may become the cause of attaining greatest bestowals. Read thou care-
fully thy first question. Thou seest that it is this same desire--that is why the
friends associate with a reproachable person, and do not expel him.
Upon thee be the Glory of the Most Glorious!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated October 7, 1921, Haifa, Palestine.)
Latest Tablet to Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi.
(Continued from page 232)
the second she wrote that. In short, an
answer has been written and is enclosed
in your letter. Read this to the Spiritual
Assembly--the House of Spirituality--
then give it to her and know this as the
stonda/rd. Undoubtedly the unworthy
souls must be shunned othe-rwise the
morals will be entirely corrupted.
Upon thee be El-Baha El-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Revealed October 7th, 1921. Trans-
lated by Dr. Zia. M. Bagdadi, Chicago,
November, 1921)

The followvln-g is a quotation from a
short letter written by Ronhi Afnan
(grandson of Abdul-Bdha.) to Mr. Roy
ilhelmz .
Today I will enclose you two Tablets.
One to Doctor Zia Bagdadi and another
to Mrs. Mary Hall through Dr. Bagdadi.
They are rather important and I think
they need to be very much circulated
among the friends.
According to the Master's wish and
order, I will send you three copies. One
is in the envelope together with the Per-
sian, to be sent to Mrs. Hall through
Dr. Zia. A second to be sent to Mrs.
Parsons, and a third to Reality (Maga-
zine) to be published in the coming num-
ber. I hope this Tablet will put an end
to the foolish ideas some of the friends
have that if they are firm in the Cause
and Covenant they should not shun the
violators or other mean fellows. but
mingle with them."

