STAR OF THE WEST lZ3
from the human world, His Holiness
established and taught
certain declarations _or principles. The
first principle which He proclaimed was
the principle of the oneness of the hu-
man family. He said, "Humanity c011-
stitutes the sheep of God's flock. The
real Shepherd is God." The real Shep-
herd is compassionate and kind towards
all the members of His flock. Humanity
was created by God; He provides for
all, protects all; He is kind to all. WVhy
should we treat each other He
has made a plea for love, not for difier-
ence, or hatred, or animosity. God
created humanity! . . . . .
(\/Vords of Abdul-Bal1a--copied from
Address published on page '7 STAR OF
THE Wnsr, May 17, 1912) 
The divine policies shall rule, for the
divine policy is the oneness of the hu-
man world. God is kind to all. He con-
siders all as His servants. does not
exclude a/nybody, and the policy of God
is the correct and just policy. No mat-
ter how complete human policy and fore-
sight be, it is imperfect. If We do not
emulate the policy of God; or, if we re-
fuse to follow His dictates, that will be
a presumptive evidence of our saying,
as it were, that we know better than
God; that We are knowing and wise,
whereas God is ignorant; that we are
sagacious, and God is not. God forbid!
We seek shelter in God's mercy there-
fore. No matter how far the human
intelligence shall advance, it is still as
a drop, Whereas the divine Omniseience
is the very ocean. And now is it just
for us to say that a drop is imbued or
endowed with qualities wherewitli the
ocean itself is minus or not endowed'!
To say that the policy of the atom or
the drop is greater and superior to that
of the ocean! There is no greater
ignorance than this!
Convention for Amity Between the Colored and White Races
(Continued from page 119)
attained to an astonishing mastery of
English poesy; she reviewed the works
of Paul Lawrence Dunbar, Stanley
Braithvvaite, Jessie Fauset and others,
showing their attraction to the muse and
fine literary expression. Greatly to the
entertainment of the audience she read
several selections, one of them humorous.
The Howard "University Glee Club
entertained with several selections.
l\/Ir. C. Lee Cook, by request, spoke a
second time. If I possessed eloquence
of the great masters of oratory I should
be silent in this court, for all knowledge
drops before the love of God. I am going
to have a heart to heart talk, casting
aside all proprieties and telling you that
happy experiences and blessed memories
brought me to this city and platform to
lend a hand to the master stroke of
Divine justice and equal opportunities
for all races. This the speaker did in
a most Winsome way, illustrating the
great law of sacrifice by incidents in the
life of Michael Angelo, and illustrating
the relationship of faith, helpfulness
and confidence which should exist be-
tween the races by a most interesting
account of the life of a young colored
man Whom he had trained and placed
upon the highway to success. Let us
live by the blessed Sermon on the
Mount! Follow the G'-olden Rule! God
speed these noble souls who have come
here to lay the cornerstone of a. great
reality! Praise to those noble women
whose pains, faith, devotion and silent
fortitude have made this possible. In
conclusion, he gave eloquent expression
tothe message of universal peace.
Janabi Fazel was the last speaker.
He said, "It is a great happiness for me
to be here i11 this great convention for
amity between the White and colored
races and to speak for a few minutes, as
the hour is late. During the past year
I have spoken in many colored churches
among others and have found much of

