92 STAR OF THE WEST
hope that you who have come to-
gether here, after consultation, will de-
velop many plans, so that when you go
away you may raise funds for the ad-
vancement of the cause."
Mrs. Mariam Haney briefly told how
the work of the teaching committee was
tremendously enlarged, and how through
the circulation of the Bulletin and other
activities, appeals for teachers, often
pathetic, Were coming from many direc-
tions. The volume of correspondence
was very large.
Mr. Randall, reporting for the teacl1-
ing committee, said he was very happy
to have the Convention support the view
of that committee, that there was har-
mony between the 
and the teaching Work. They were two
actions of one heart and one supported
the other. The Bulletin, as a teacher,
showed no division in purpose.
Dr. Bagdadi quoted Abdul-Baha as
dwelling upon the importance of giving
solid arguments and proofs in support
of the message. Bahais are perfect and
convinced, but they must make others
perfect and themselves must be convinc-
ing. Teachers are of two kinds, those
who give all their time to the Work and
those who give a part of their time. The
first group must first prepare the means
for their expenses and living so that
when they travel their minds will be
free from Worry. If a person cannot go
himself, but defrays the expenses of
another, that is praiseworthy. If a
teacher is free from asking anybody's
aid, his sanctified breath will penetrate.
Abdul-Baha refused a large sum sent
to him when about to enter this coun-
try, ofiered by friends here. He said,
have my expenses." This refu-
sal made some souls sad, but there was a
wisdom in it. l/Vhen in Europe he Was
so pressed for funds that he could eat
only bread and vegetables. Yet he paid
?150 for the expenses of a student and
?500 to one of his secretaries. Such is
the standard of severance for the teach-
ers. The doctor cautioned the friends
against Writing unnecessary letters to
Abdul-Baha, Whose correspondence is
enormous. He called attention to the
Bahai Girls' School to be erected on
Mt. Carmel and how noble it is to help
in this Work.
Mrs. Parsons quoted Rouha Khanum,
one of the daughters of Abdul-Baha as
saying that it distressed Abdul-Baha not
to be able to answer all the letters of the
friends. If a number of persons Were to
unite on the same question, it would be
much better than for many persons in
numerous letters to ask the same ques-
tion.
Mrs. Mary Lesch transferred to the
('tnvorticn on terms satisfactory to all,
the interests of the Bahai Publishing
Society, thus safeguarding this splendid
institution.
Dr. Maxwell-R-ider, spoke of the possi-
bilities of moving pictures as :1 means of
presenting the Cause to the World.
Mr. Windust- presented the matter of
the STAR or THE Wnsr, and the neces-
sity of its receiving the support of all
the friends in order to grow.
Mr. Oglesby reported the text of a
cable sent by the Convention to Abdul-
Baha, supplicating divine assistance.
Mr. Gilligan spoke interestingly of
prison work as a large and inviting field
for Bahai activity.
Mrs. Marjorie Morton made an elo-
quent plea for the Women of the Orient,
Whose lives of exclusion and repression
made them the real of today.
Mrs. Boyle and Mr. Vail explained
the needs of the School of Tarbiat. the
latter paying a touching tribute to the
late Miss Lillian Kappes. Funds for the
support of scholarships in this school can
be sent to Mrs. E. R. Boyle, The Had-
leigh, "Washington, D. C.
The reading of a Tablet of Abdul-Baha
to American friends closed the Conven-
tion. His divine and holy love is the
light of consultation and the boundless
treasury of the friends.

