STAR OF THE WEST l0l
Because the priests of religions, the
teachers of these sacred books, assert dog-
matically that these statements must be
taken literally, and not otherwise, and
that their outward meanings must be ac-
cepted by the people, without any inter-
pretation, We find an increasing number
of men and women leaving their
churches and religious organizations, dis-
appointed with the kind of teachings
that these teachers give and thus avoid-
ing all religions and anything that sav-
ors of religion.
To make this matter plain--the stu-
dents of religions in the past, from cer-
tain statements in their books, gained
a conception of Deity which is anthropo-
morphic, that is, a human being sitting
on a t.hrone with a long white beard,
with thousands and thousands of angels
bowing down before him doing his bid-
dings and singing songs and hallelujahs.
This conception is based upon the theo-
cratic or rather despotic Oriental idea
that the king was that type, the highest
in the government, with all the ministers
and courtiers doing obedience or pros-
trating before him in every way. They
got their conception of God from their
idea of government.
Now, it is very well, and very good for
our ancestors to have believed in this
theory, because the signs of the creation
inculcated and developed such thought;
but what can we do today, when modern
sciences have exploded that idea of heav-
en, that locality where this so-called God
was residing? Where is that place'!
Science comes and tells us that. this is an
infinite expanse of ether; the more you
ascend the more infinite it becomes and
thus the place and the position of the
ancient heavens are all obliterated.
Similarly, in regard to the question
of the creation. It was taught that God
created this world in six days; that the
time will come when He will repent of
His creation and He will destroy it, and
all the World must come to an end. Now,
the story of geology, and other similiar
sciences, tells us that this world has been
created millions and millions of years;
that it will run according to normal life
many more millions of years. How are
we going to conform these two principles
or ideas?
The ancient theologians tried to find
out, or locate, hell. So after much dis-
cussion, they came to this conclusion:
That it Was in the center of the earth--
very it was a square plane,
rectangular, all its angles equal to each
other and that all the evil souls were
thrown in the depth of that fiery lake.
Geology has come and exploded this
theory.
Now, these material or physical facts
of nature, misinterpreted, are miraculous
religious ideas without conformity with
science and reason. Both these ideas are
against scientific principles and must
somehow, in this age, be squared, before
religion can advance in the consciousness
of man.
When an intelligent person presented
himself before a priest and asked him
questions similiar to those we have pro-
pounded in the lecture, about these mat-
ters, and asked him to explain the mean-
ing of these things, that they were un-
reasonable and unscientific--all that that
priest or minister had to tell them Was,
"You have to believe in these things
blindly. Faith is the law. You must
not search, you must not investigate.
These are beyond your conception; just
continue to believe and somehow, some
day you will find it out." (Laughter)
A rather weak consolation.
This had two evil results: a
scientific mind would never believe in
these metaphysical theological dogmas;
and secondly, it drove away many many
thousands of students who were open
minded and ready to believe, but they
could not be convinced because these
ministers of religions Were unable to ex-
plain these ideas and give to these men
that religious consolation and trust which
are the foundation of life.
You have only to read the development
of the history of the religions and find

