STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE Wasrl
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness, firmness!
if (Signed) Atesas. i
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA if
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR OF THE West, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of that both in the
East and the West they may become informed of the most important events.
7 (Signed) ABDUL--BAHA Aeass.
Editoria! Staff: ALBERT R, WINDUST--GERTRUDE Zn M. Bacnanr
Honorary Member: AHMAD Somme
V01. 12 Nur 1, 77 (June 5, 1921) No. 5
The of Mirza Jacoab Motahedi
RECENT LETTERS FROM DR. SUSAN I. MOODY
AND DR. HABIBOLDAH.
Teheran, Persia, March 21, 1921.
To the STAR or THE Wnsr:
I am sending you the original letter
of Dr. Habibollah that, as he says, the
friends "may know by what means the
Cause progresses here."
This is the first ewish martyr in the
Bahai Cause. He sought 
and it was granted.
I know Mirza Yousef Khan, the Bahai
teacher, Well, for he Was connected with
the Tarbiat boys school for many years
and then had a good position in the
Government Which, he gave up When
the friends in Kermanshah urged him
to come and help them in teaching seek-
ers for light. As Kermanshah is now
too disturbed for open teaching he has
gone on to Bagdad to Work there.
Miss Stewart is still en route from
Acca, now detained in Hamadan by bad
roads and much depth of snow. In Tehe-
ran it is snow and rain combined.
In loving service, ever in His Name,
S. I. Moody.
Kermanshah, Persia,
January 27th, 1921.
Allch0'Abha!
Dr. Susan I. Moody.
Dear spiritual sister Fareeborz-
Lessanos-Sultan gave me your love and
greetings. I was thinking of sending
you a material present, but I am quite
confident that you are much more inter-
ested in spiritual matters, so I satisfy
myself by Writing, in brief, the history
of the of Mirza Jaeoab Mo-
tahedi, which by itself is one of the most
pathetic events of hist-ory-a tragedy
which touches every hard-hearted man,
how much more a believer who is in
full sympathy and firmness as you.
Of course, you have heard of the agi-
tations of the Mohammedans during the
last four or five months. They threat-
ened the believers, particularly Mirza
Jacoab Motahedi. He was banished, he
was cursed, he Was imprisoned, etc., but
he spiritually withstood them gallantly.
He showed a splendid spirit of mag-
nanimity and fearlessness. The gover-

