STAR OF THE WEST 265
For thy departure they are Weeping in
grief. In their hearts thou art, and
thou art their hope. In their eyes thou
art ever present, and so is thy father,
BAHA Accra has embraced him
(BAHA in its delightful place,
Bahjee; and Haifa has opened its bosom
for thy tomb, Abdul-Baha. Abdul-
Baha, son of BAHA Men die,
but their names live. Abdul-Baha, 
son of BAHA May my soul be
a sacrifice to one like thee. Thou art
the all-Wise, and all else beside thee are
only learned. What can the poets say
in thy day? Thou hast dawned in the
its morning appeared. They
have seen thy light from afar and We
are flooded with thy efiulgence. 
Abdul-Baha, son of BAHA 
Thou Wert just as God wanted thee to
be and not as others wished. Thou hast
departed in the Holy Land wherein
Christ and the Virgin Mary lived. The
land that received Mohammed; the land
the dust of which is blessing and wealth.
The land we consecrate, even if it op-
presses. Therein is a paradise and a
heaven. The tombs of the saints shall
not be degraded; the souls will be their
sacrifice. We shall be sustained by
this Tomb and the One it contains. The
covenant of love and devotion will re-
main forever between us. . . 
Mr. Salomon Bouzaglo (one of the
most progressive Jewish leaders in
Haifa) was the eighth speaker. He
spoke in French. He said: "It is very
strange in this infidel, faithless and abi-
solutely materialistic age that there
should appear such a great philosopher
as the one whom we mourn, Abdul-Baha.
It is he Who speaks to the hearts and
consciences, satisfies the thirsty' souls
with his teachings and principles which
are known to be the best foundation for
all religio-ns. He knew how to convince,
with his words and explanations--the
greatest orthodox of the age. As to his
life, it was the living 8X3.I[1pl6 of self-
sacrifice, preferring the good and the
welfare of others to his own. Blessed
are those who were near him, for they
have read in him the greatest page of
religous and social philosophy. Since
the days of Aristotle until this day all
philosophers and social reformers have
been fanatically using every means to
uphold their own sectarian and limited
theories, and woe unto whomsoever dis-
agreed with them. But here with Abdul-
Baha there is no prejudice of any kind.
All men are brothers. Here is found
the essence of humanitarianism and the
best principles of all the religions.
The Jewish, Christian and Moham-
medan prophets who were seeking
to establish such a spiritual brother-
hood are in this day stretching their
arms to embrace the Prophet Ab-
dul-Baha and his sacred principles. The
philosophy of Abdul-Baha is plain and
simple, but it is big and comprehensive.
It conforms to every human taste and
by its virtues all prejudices and super-
stitions vanish. . . . The philosophy
of Abdul-Baha is original. It is logical,
reasonable and scientific. It is clearly
evident that the age needs such a phil-
osophy. In spite of our dependence
upon the power of inventions, discov-
eries and scientific researches, human
hearts are singing the melodies of uni-
versal peace. Abdul-Baha, and before
him have carried on their
shoulders this glorious estab-
lishment of universal peace. There are
two factors, two things that always sep-
arated or differentiated the East from
the VVest. On one hand you see the West
striving to discover the secrets of na-
ture, to bring out the hidden things and
make science grow by all that it can,
through inventions and discoveries. On
the other hand, you see the East as the
dawning-place of the great prophets, the
founders of religions and law-givers.
They spread and grow and the hearts
and the souls become filled with their
spiritual lights. Therefore the East and
the West are rivals. The first is exalted

