STAR OF THE WEST 181
the impression of flowers of living
flame. I think there must have been
other objects, a few, i11 the room. But
the Whole impression was one of ex-
quisite beauty, simplicity and peace.
The inner room was raised several
inches a.bove the outer, and the raised
threshold was covered with an embroid-
ered cloth.
Mrs. Hoagg Walked slowly up to the
threshold, knelt there a moment in
prayer and then came back to a corner
of the room. Cora followed her, and
then came my turn. I had heard of the
custom of prostrating oneself at the
threshold of the Tomb, and I had Won-
dered Whether it would not seem stilted
and formal. But it did not in the least!
Perhaps it was the dignity and majesty
of the Tomb, perhaps it was because we
had been with the Master so recently. I
was filled with a feeling of humility,
with a longing to be "evanescent at His
threshold," and the kneeling in prayer
seemed the most natural thing in the
World! After that moment at the
threshold, I walked to the back of the
room while Sylvia and Mabel in turn
went forward. We knelt in prayer a
long time. I cannot guess what was in
the hearts of the others, but my own
was filled with a great longing to lose
my old selfish self, and to acquire the
unselfishness of service. It was a won-
derful time. I thought of that "radiant
youth called the Bab," who had given
family, life itself,
to prepare the way of the Lord. I
thought of the Master and the years of
imprisonment and hardship that he had
spent in the service of the Blessed
Beauty. For the first time, since com-
ing to Haifa, I was almost ready to
weep,--not from sorrow, but from the
sense of the greatness of the power of
God.
No thought of death entered my mind
while I was there. It was not a place of
VVhen I thought of the Bab,
it was to be happy that one so pure of
heart had lived and served. The only
grief was for my own faults and fail-
ures; and the future, with the hope of
service, was much more vivid than the
past!
Finally Mrs. Hoagg, Cora and I had
left the Tomb. Mabel and Sylvia had
not yet come out. \Ve were about to
put on our shoes, when suddenly the
. Abdul-Baha
Master came around the corner! He
smiled at us, and took up the cruet of
rose-Water. He held it out toward us,
and I realized in a few moments that
he Wished to pour some on our hands.
But I did not dream of going into the
Tomb again, and so I did not realize
what he meant! So he poured some on
his own hands, put some on his face,
and again held out the rose-water, giv-
ing us a glorious smile as he did so.
That time we understood that he was
waiting to anoint our hands,--and we
gladly held them out for the fragrant
drops. Mrs. I-Ioagg whispered, "V\7e
will go in again," and just then the
men believers came in a long line from
the front of the Tomb. The Master
anointed the hands of each, and they
passed into the Tomb. Each knelt at
the inner threshold a moment, until all
had risen, and stood in a circle about

