88 STAR OF THE 
n1ea11s for its construction is the next
important problem. I hope these dele-
gates will have a 11ew vision.
"Another important matter is teach-
ing. Still another is publication. Later
I will speak. Now my prayer is for your
success and prosperity."
The work of the Convention was expe-
dited by the report of the Agenda Com-
mittee, Mr. George Lattimer, chairman.
The following matters were reported for
consideration: Proposed reincorp0ra-
tion of the unity, ratification of con-
tracts, Bahai Calendar, Education in the
Orient, memorial to Mirza Abul Fazl,
Ideas Committee, Star of the est,
Bahai Publishing $ociety, Reality Maga-
zine, permanent committees, teaching
committe, committee on nominations,
finance for the Mashreq'ul-Azkar.
A letter from Mr. Charles Mason
Remey was read to the Convention. It
pertained to the Mashreq'ul-Azkar and
the entire morning, session was almost
given over to matters called up by its
consideration. At the conclusion. by a
unanimous vote, the secretary of the con-
vention was instructed to express, by
letter, its thanks to our absent brother.
Mrs. May Maxwell and Mr. Roy Wil-
liams eloquently dwelt upon the inviola-
bility and power of the Word.
Afternoon
Janabe Fazel spoke: "It is self-
evident that teaching is most important.
As We read the Tablets, though they are
but two lines, we feel the urge to teach
and spread the Word. The only means
of spiritualizing and changing the
hearts is teaching. As We travelled, we
felt the necessity of teaching and sending
out teachers, so as to convey the truth.
The people hastened after us like men
hungry and thirsty. I cannot forget one
instance, where an audience encircled us,
insisting that another teacher be sent.
The example of the teacher is like unto
farmers who go through the grounds to
scatter the seeds. If the seeds which are
sown are not irrigated, they will dry up.
It is therefore necessary to continue irri-
gating the field of the hearts.
"In Persia they plant the teachings in
such a methodical manner that it may
be compared to the work of a clock.
One teacher f0ll0WS another at regular
intervals. The fields are thus irrigated
with the Wiater of Life. The efforts of
the teachers do not go to waste. If your
committee takes this as an example and
adopts the follow-up plan, the results
will be glorious.
"Man is always attracted to the new.
If the same teacher remains in the same
place the people tire. A better effect is
produced by traveling. Materials are
also necessary for building. The Bahai
teachings are the instruments and chan-
nels for universal peace. The Bahais are
the instruments. All the affairs should
be correlated with the utmost perfection,
those who can teach, giving a part of
their time, or all should be known. There
will be a great harvest from these efforts.
It is encunibent upon all to teach; but
teachers must be informed.
"We do not, in Persia, have public
meetings. Teachers come in contact with
small groups, so they are quick to learn
individuals and how to attract them.
This is Wise, so as to .avoid giving spirit-
ual indigestion. In this country there
are various schools of thought and many
walks of life. So it is more difificult for
the teacher to adapt himself to the uni-
versal needs. So there is great responsi-
bility for the teaching committee and I
hope that through their efforts a great
spiritual conflagration will sweep the
United States."
Tuesday eating.
Mrs. Louise D. Boyle, presiding, read
from the Creative Word:
"Praise be to Thee, God of Names
and Creator of heaven. Praise be unto
Thee, for Thou hast made known unto
Thy servants Thy Day, wherein the
River of Life streamed forth from the
finger of Thy Generosity and the Foun-
tain of Revelation and Unity became

