STAR OF THE WEST 237
"The subject of the Covenant is a very important one."
WORDS or' 
Verily, the Lord hath manifested Him-
self in this new and Wonderful age With
the greatest bounty and mercy, which
hath never been preceded and whereof
the of existence hath never seen the
like; and it is His Great Covenant and
New Testament, as appointed by the
trace of His Supreme Pen, through
which, and according to clear ordinances
and explicit statements, the matter was
plainly shown and the branches (sons),
twigs (relations), kinsmen and beloved
were commanded to ob-ey the "appointed
Center of the Covenant." But the Cove-
nant of God and His Testament is a
bounty to the righteous and a curse to
the Wicked. (P. 438.)
Strive so that the odor of violation
cease and all come under the protection
of the Covenant. (P. 150.)
(From the Tablets of Abdul-Baho.)
The subject of the Covenant is a very
important one. It is referred to in all
the Holy Books; in the Brahmanist, in
the Zoroastrian, and more clearly found
in the Old and New Testament of the
Gospels and of the Koran.
These Covenants referred to in the
Holy Books, focalize in the great Cov-
enant of the Bahai dispensation, namely,
the Covenant witnessed by BAHA 'UnLan
in His day.
How have the Covenants become man-
ifest in the days of Benn 
To illustrate this We will say that just
as a certain tree, even before it bears its
particular fruit, is known by its former
fruit that it is an apple or a pear, or
some other fruit, and when that special
fruit appears on its branch, it witnesses
thereto. Likewise the Covenants taken
in former ages were identified by the
one established in the great day of BAHA
Hence BAHA was the
the Covenants given in for-
mer ages by the Lord. The Center of
these Covenants entered into by the
people of former ages with the God of
l\/light and Power and witnessed by
BAHA is the beloved Abdul-
Baha. Therefore all the former state-
ments pertaining to the Covenant in-
cluding the emphatic utterances of the
blessed Witness, refer to the Center,
namely Abdul-Baha. All references to
the Testament or Covenant mean espe-
cially the Book of the Covenant.
In this His last book, the blessed
BAJEIA has covenanted with his
branches (aghsan), twigs (afnan), and
the relatives, as well as all the Bahais in
the World, that they must turn to the One
"V\Thom God has willed," that is the
Center of the Covenant, Abdul-Baha.
This is the meaning of the Mystery of
God, according to the terminology of the
One who has given the Mystery of God,
or he Whom God has willed; but who,
according to himself, is known as Abdul-
Baha (the servant of God).
He Whom God has willed is the fruit
of the tree. Hence BAEA is the
trunk, the branches, the root, all except
the fruit, Which is Abdul-Baha. The
coloring, the shape, the form, taste and
all the attributes of the tree are in the
fruit.
"Hence in the teachings of BAHA
the bounties of 
the manifestation of His power, His
words, have been spread throughout the
World by this great soul. The effects of
His words have been realized from this
great life. This is the meaning of the
statement of Jesus shall
come in the glory of my Father!"
(From Flowers from the Rose Ga-0-den
of Aoca, pp, 31-32.)

