STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE West!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become World-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . Similarly, the, Magazine, the STAR or THE WEST, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but 1tS contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of that both in the
East and the West they may become informed of the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Editorial Stafl': ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. M. Bacnnm
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
vol. 12 if  Rahmat 1, 77 (June 24, 1921) N0. 6
"Now is the time for the Americans to unite both
the white and colored races"
Words of ABDUL-BAHA to Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi
Mr. Alfred Lunt, Chicago, June IO, 1921.
Secretary of the Bahai Temple Unity.
From What I hear the great Bahai Inter-racial Convention and Congress,
held last month at Washington, D. C., for the amity and solidarity of mankind,
was a real success. Although I was not present in body yet in spirit I was there.
I am sure that the far-reaching results of this first Convention will be manifest.
I hope that all the Bahais in America will attach great importance to the racial
problem in order that everyone shall realize the seriousness of this matter. I will
state to you in brief, an interview I had with the beloved Master, Abdul-Baha,
on April 6th, 1920, at Haifa, Palestine, in which he referred to this matter.
After inquiring after my health with his usual charming and inspiring
words of love and affection and giving me a cup of tea, he handed me a clip-
ping from a newspaper, saying, "Read this." After glancing at the contents,
I said, "My Lord, this is an article written by Miss Martha Root which appeared
in a Cleveland newspaper; it contains a Tablet from Abdul-Baha, the contents
of which are to the effect that unless the White and colored races become united,
there Will be bloodshed; that through the Bahai teachings only can racial,
political and religious prejudices pass away; that the Bahai teachings are the
only means that shall bring about love and unity."
Abdul-Baha said: "Yes, this is the truth. If the races do not come to an
agreement, there can be no question or doubt of bloodshed. When I Was in
America, I told the white and colored people that it was incumbent upon them
to be united or else there would be the shedding of blood. I did not say more
than this so that they might not be saddened. But, indeed, there is a greater
danger than only the shedding of blood. It is the destruction of America.

