STAR OF THE WEST 59
io11able it will be good, nay rather ef-
fective; likewise whenever you find an
opportunity you write also articles. The
duty of his honor Fazel, is to travel in
all parts of America and raise tl1e call
of the Kingdom of Abha in all the meet-
ings, churches and gatherings. If he
finds time and an occasional opportunity
he may write an article.
A cablegram was forwarded to you
that if possible on important occasions
and cities you must become the associate
and intimate of his honor Fazel; espe-
cially at the time of his meeting with the
scholars, philosophers and professors, un-
questionably you must be present.
His honor Manucher Khan, must
strive by day and night so that he may
obtain the utmost proficiency in the Eng-
lish language.
Regarding the Bahai Library and the
magazine truly I say they have
great expenses. No matter how much
Mr. Deuth may show self-sacrifice he
cannot meet all the expenses. Therefore
the believers of God from amongst the
rich, must show magnanimity regarding
this matter; so that this library and this
magazine may continue forever. It is
my hope that a heavenly blessing may be
vouchs-afed.
In Green Acre, unquestionably, you
must be the associate of his honor Fazel.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
Tablets from Abdul-Baha to Bahais in Japan
MR. TORII
To one who longs to enter the Kingdom
of God, Mr. his soul be
of Miss Agnes
Alexander, Tokyo, Japan.
He Is God!
thou who hast turned thy attention to
the Kingdom of God!
Thy letter arrived and imparted joy.
Thou hast been longing to spread the
light (the teachings) in those regions.
My wish is also that the musk of the love
of God should be diffused in that land,
and that Miss Alexander and Mrs. Finch
may conjointly strive so that the rays of
the Sun of Reality may be projected all
over that country.
Whenever the means of travel are se-
cured, thou art permitted to conie. I
am supplicating God to strengthen thee
and make thee "grow like unto a lily in
the Garden of the Kingdom.
faithful friend! The inhabitants
of that region are bright and noble-
minded. Through the great distance
however, the musky breeze has not yet
reached their nostrils. They know not
of the rise of the Sun of Reality upon
the horizon of Persia. If you who are
there be self-sacrificing and become en-
kindled with the love of God, and like
unto stars shine fro-m the horizon of
Truth, that country will before long be
turned into a paradise of comfort;
Japan will become illumined, and like
unto a meadow and a rose-garden will
invigorate the hearts of every assembly.
Do ye strive as hard as possible in order
to be attracted to the beauty of the Be-
loved of the world, and through the fire
of his love inflame that country.
Upon thee be Baha-el-Abhal
(Signed) .ABDUL-BAHA ABBAs.
(Translated by Azizullah S. Bahadur,
Haifa, Palestine, June 11, 1920.)
 
TOMONAGA NOTO
To his honor Tomonaga Noto, care of his
honor Mr. Torii--Upon him be Baha-
el-Abha! Upon ye be Baha-el-Abha!
He Is God!
thou wooer of Reality!
Thy letter was received. Praise be to
God, the sight of thy mind has been

