STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 12 Eizzat 1, 77 (September 8, 1921) No. 1O
A Week in Abdul-Baha's Home
September 1 to 8, 1920.
The four pilgrims who made this glorious journey together were Mabel Paine,
Sylvia Paine, Cora Grey and Genevieve Coy.
BY GENEVIEVE L. 
"We have beheld the King in His Beauty; we have seen the land that is
very far off".
September 1, 1.920.
0UR party of four American pilgrims
had left Cairo on the evening of
August 31st. Three of the Egyptian
Bahais had come to the train to bid us
farewell, and to give us messages to take
to Haifa. One of the group was an Ar-
menian, who brought a basket of fruit
for the Master. Another was Mirza
Tofik, a young man of twenty-one or
-two years of age, who is a student in the
college in Beirut. He interpreted for
us often during our five days in Cairo,
and also served as a most pleasant and
helpful guide in some of our trips about
the city. The third person to bid us God-
speed was Mohammed Taki Esphahani,
in whose home we had spent some of our
happiest hours in Cairo. He speaks no
English, but he gave us many sweet
thoughts, through Mirza Tofik's inter-
pretation, and his smile was a benedic-
tion. We loved him so much that we
could not have borne parting from him
had it not been that the goal of our jour-
ney was Haifa and the Master! His
parting gift to us was a tray of delicious
pastry, and a lovely bouquet of roses.
Through all the next day's ride the
flowers kept fresh, and on the day after
that there Were two or three buds that
were fresh enough to be given to the
Master, when Mirza Mohammed Taki's
message of love was told him. The
Master wore them in his girdle all the
rest of that day, and said that he always
was happy when he thought of the lov-
ing heart of the Bahai who had given us
the flowers.
When we woke on the morning of
September first, the train was running
through the desert country of southern
Palestine. For mile after mile the roll-
ing sand dunes stretched into the dis-
tance. Long lines of camels were passed;
and occasionally acres of date-palms,
loaded with green dates, showed where
a- little moisture was held in the sand
below the dry surface. For hours we
looked out of the window, watching, with
an intense fascination, those long miles
of desert. Some one in our party said
that she could quite understand why
the children of Israel murmured in the
wilderness, if that was the kind of coun-
try that they had to travel through We
wondered whether Joseph and Mary,
and the infant Jesus, had traveled so
hard a road when they went down into
Egypt. But later, in Haifa, we were
told that the tradition of. the country
says that they went to the port at the
foot of Mt. Carmel, and from there con-
tinued their journey to Egypt by boat.
During the middle of the day, the
train passed from the desert into the
pasture land. That is as different from

