STAR OF THE WEST 169
As to the spelling of the two names,
BAHA and Mashreq 'Ul-Azkar,
the standard is given by the Master in
this same Tablet of yours. The explana-
tion is that BAHA is composed
of two words, Baha and Allah (Glory
and God). BAHA means the
Glory of God. Now the signifies of.
This vowel, When introduced between
these two words, joins them together,
but in pronunciation the A of Allah is
dropped and replaced by the same
U-vowel. We put an apostrophe be-
tween the two words in order to show
that a letter, i. A, is dropped and we
capitalize the because it replaces the
A of Allah which is in capital.
Mashreq 'Ul-Azkar is also composed
of two words, Mashreq and El-Azkar
(lV[ashreq--dawning place El--the 
Azkar--mentions or prayers or com-
munes). Again signifies of. When
we put these two words together the 
of El is dropped in pronunciation and
so that U-vowel takes its place. We put
an apostrophe to show that the letter 
is dropped and we capitalize the
U-vowel because it replaces the of El
which is in capital.
I had the pleasure of reading your
pamphlet on the Mashreq 'Ul-Azkar.
I admired the style of your writing and
the tactfulness you have exhibited in it.
It is sanctioned by the Master. You will
kindly send us many copies for distri-
bution. It is written in a way that
will not arouse jealousy in the outside
readers.
Will you kindly remember me to our
revered sisters, Mrs. True, Arna True,
Dr. Appel and Mrs. Houser? Also to
our dear brother, Dr. Bagdadi.
\lVith Bahai love and greeting, I re-
main,
Your brother in the Covenant of God,
Aziz 'UZlah S. Bahadur.
i 
The Tablet above concerning the spell-
ing of the sacred name, BAHA 
and of settles con-
clusively a matter that has lo-ng created
among American believers a friendly
divergence of opinion.
The original spelling of the name of
the Blessed Perfection, as given to Amer-
icans, was, as we know, BAI-IA ULLAH,
sometimes BEHA ULLAH. Some of us,
in the early days of the Cause in the
West, found difficulty in its correct pro-
nunciation. We did not seem to under-
stand, some of us, that and have
other sounds in the English language
besides long and long hence that
most sacred name was often, out of our
ignorance, pronounced incorrectly and
sometimes irreligiously.
If there is one name that is the per-
fection of the beautiful, the musical,
pronounced, enunciated correctly and
sacredly, it is BAHA Pro-
nounced incorrectly, irreverently, it is
sacrilegious. So to aid us in our ignor-
ance, our difliculty i11 the enunciation
of Arabic letters, one of the friends, Mr.
Roy Wilhelm, I believe, supplicated
Abdul-Baha to settle the difficulty, sug-
gesting that the letter instead of 
would aid Americans in arriving at the
correct pronunciation.
Abdul-Baha responded to the efiect
that the name of the Blessed Beauty
should be. spelled This
Command has been adhered to relig-
iously by most of the friends in Amer-
ica, though some have always regarded
the original spelling, BAHA ULLAH, with
deepest reverence and longing.
European Bahais seem never to have
adopted the American spelling, nor have
European scholars outside the Bahai
ranks. Manifestly the new spelling was
given only to Americans to aid us in
our immaturity, our B.ahai childhood.
Today, however, we have passed be-
yond the period of our infancy in the
Bahai Cause. Persian and Arabic terms
and words have grown singularly and
beautifully -familiar to us. And many
of us have felt for long that we have

