STAR OF THE WEST ll
festation whom the Bab had heralded.
After studying the dates, his followers
found that he had made his declaration
on the last day of the nineteenth year
after the Bab had declared his mission.
After some months' residence in Con-
stantinople the Ottoman government
banished and his followers
to Adrianople. Here he lived and
taught for five years, his followers ever
increasing and his teachings spreading.
The name of the movement was then
changed to the Bahai Revelation in
recognition of 
The government, unable to crush out
the ever growing interest in and con-
version to this New Light of Truth, in
1868 exiled these holy souls to Acca in
Palestine, Syria (the same Acca, or
Acre, of the Crusades, more anciently
known as Ptolemais), its antiquated
ramparts and crumbling fortifications,
the scenes of some of the bloodiest com-
bats of military history, from the time
of the Phoenicians down to the Napole-
onic war in Syria, all testifying to an
power of the past. Thus Acca,
so intimately connected with the Bahai
Revelation today, is most closely asso-
ciated with constructiveness, spiritual
power, unity, love and peace, the glad
tidings of which were sent forth to all
the world by from behind
its prison walls.
At the time of arrival
there the fortress of Acca was used as a
prison and a place of exile, to which
criminals of the worst type~ were sent.
The deadly, fever-stricken spot slowly
but surely accomplished the destruction
of most lives confined within it. The
authorities hoped that these poor exiles
would not long survive their imprison-
ment. For two years after their arrival
these pure, godlike people, seventy in
number, were confined in two rooms,
where they suffered incredible hard-
ships. I
From Acca sent forth
"the call" to the crowned heads of the
world, summoning them to "unity and
brotherhood," and declaring that the
"dawn of The Most Great Peace" had
come.
departed this life in
18912; before which he told all of his
followers by word of mouth and in his
writings that after his departure they
must turn their faces to the Center of
his Covenant, Abdul-Baha Abbas, who
was to be considered as one with him.
He declared that his teachings would be
built up and carried forward by this
son, who ended this triad of manifes-
tations.
The Bab, and Abdul-
Baha are the names of spiritual oifices
in the great world hierarchy, not the
names of individuals. Each world race
has its spiritual teachers under a dif-
ferent title. These three appear in the
heaven of revelation as the Morning
Star, the Sun, and the Evening Star,
or the Herald, the Revelator, and the
Interpreter of Divine Truth.
Abdul-Baha was born May 23rd, 1844,
in the city of Teheran, Persia, on the
same day that the Bab arose in Shiraz
and declared the coming of the King-
dom of Peace on earth. All his life,
from the age of nine, has been one of
sorrow, persecution and 
forty years a prisoner and an outcast.
When we consider the persecution and
of these "men of God," and
the world-wide effect upon humanity of
their lives and teachings, we find the
ever-recurring cry, "Crucify him, cru-
cify him!" that has rung down the ages
whenever a messenger of truth has ap-
peared. This alone, to an unbiased
mind, should prove that their revela-
tions were of God. wrote:
"Is it possible that a reasonable man
would make a declaration rendering him
ridiculous to the world unless that man
were sustained by God? They have
made conjectures that I have had in
mind the immortalizing of my name,
but is it possible that one uncertain of
living until tomorrow would work for
nothing but his own glory? I have

