106 STAR OF THE WEST
in great danger. Most probably a mas-
sacre will take place. Each is visited
separately by armed men who tell them
to leave the town or else they will be
killed. Some of the believers are leav-
ing, others are hidden.
The people are secretly talking much
about me. I don 't know what will be
my fate. Whatsoever thing may happen
in the Path of God, I welcome it with
utmost joy. The only thing of which I
am afraid is that my children may be
brought up Without Bahai education
Please be good to them.
If you find some interesting points in
this letter you are free to Write to the
believers in America, so that they may
be informed by what means the Cause
pI'0greSEes in Persia.
'With Bahai love and greetings,
Sincerely yours,
Dr. Halvibollch.
The Removal of Race Prejudice
(Continued from page 103)
incomparable. Rely as much as thou
canst upon the True One, and be thou
resigned to the Will of God, so that like
unto a candle thou mayest be enkindled
in the World of humanity, and like unto
a star thou mayest shine and gleam
from the horizon of Reality and become
the cause of the guidance of both races.
Upon thee be Baha-el-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Asses.
(Translated by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab,
Washington, D. 0., Nov. 17, 1909.)
(From a Tablet to Mr. J. H. Hannan,
Washington, D. (1, received at the
same time as t.he foregoing one to
Mr. L. G. Gregory):
Ye have written that the colored
Bahais have gathered in one meeting
with the White believers, destroying' the
foundation of racial differences and the
barriers of color. When a gathering of
these two races is brought about, that
assemblage will become the magnet of
the Supreme Concourse and the con-
firmation of the Blessed Perfection will
surround it.

(From a Tablet to Mrs. Louis Washing-
ton of New York City):
thou beloved maid-servant of God!
In thy letter thou hast intimated that
thou art colored. In the Kingdom of
God no distinction is made as to the
color of the skin, Whether it be black
or White; nay, rather the heart and soul
are considered. If the spirit is pure,
the face is illumined, although it be
black. If the heart is stained, the face
is dark and depressed, although it may
be of the utmost beauty. The color of
the pupils of the is black, yet they
are the fountains of light.
Although the White color is apparent,
yet in it is hidden and concealed seven
colors. Therefore whiteness and black-
ness have no importance; nay, rather the
circle of distinction is based upon soul
and heart.
"ii-
(From a Tablet to Mrs. J. H. Hannen) 
Praise be to God, that the doors of
the Kingdom are opened, the voice of
G-od is raised; no difierences remain be-
tween the White and the colored races.
All of them are favored at the Threshold
of the Almighty and all are beloved in
the sight of Abdul-Baha.
Upon thee be Baha~el-Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAH.-X ABBAS-
(From a Tablet to Robert Ferrell) 
0 thou who art awakened by the Light
of Guidance!
Praise be to God, that through Mr.
and Mrs. Kinney thou didst hear the
glad-tidings of the Kingdom of God and
found eternal life through the breaths
of the Holy Spirit. It is hoped that the
ensign of the Lord of Hosts may be

