STAR OF THE WEST 27
and the visitors which he received up to the last, and his inquiries after the
welfare of the pilgrims present and the sick in the village, and the requirements
of the holy short, notwithstanding the fever which Abdul-Baha had
that day and several days previous, which fever would co-me and go and was
designated as malarial--the members of the household were not aware of the
approaching departure.
Oh! our divine Lord went as he came; he Went out of the world as he came
into a thief in the night." He made no one any trouble nursing him;
he did not Wish any soul to give up even one single night 's sleep for him. Rouha
Khanum, as I said, was all alone in the room with him when he said to her, 
am dying," and she quickly searched her mind what to do to retain his precious
life. Assuredly she could not even lose a single second to go out of the room
to call for help, much as she had that impulse, but tried some remedies that were
at hand left by some physicians who had been in that day to see Abdul-Baha.
The holy family, of course, had often supplicated him to allow them to bring
in a physician, which was granted, but merely for their sakes, not for his!
Even on that Sunday (the night on which he left us) when a physician
who had been called made an injection of quinine, Abdul-Baha said after-
ward to Rouha Khanum, aim the physician of the world!" He did not
want that injection, but to please his family he, like a lamb that unto his shearers
is dumb, allowed them to do with him what they wanted. W'hat a lesson! His
minutest acts were great lessons to the world. S0, for instance, when John
[Mr. Bosch] and I first arrived here I saw that Abdul-Baha had a cold. Re-
membering how Abdul-Baha's cold in Montreal became better from a simple
remedy (Homeopathic) I had begged him to take, I persuaded him to take a
new one I had with me. I spoke several times about it to Rouhi Eifendi and
impressed it upon him that it was surely efficacious. As Abdul-B-aha did not
get better, he sent one day (no doubt urged by Rouhi through my pleadings) for
that remedy. It surely did help his c0ld, and for several days he was better.
Some days after Abdul-Baha had deigned to take my medicine, I asked him how
much he had taken. His reply, which I did not comprehend then but which
I comprehend now, was this: took your remedy six times--for your sake."
I know now that this means: "Even as I have pleased you and granted your
request, so even must you grant the request of others and do their will and
wishes."
After Rouha Khanum had given him some medicine, she awakened
the holy mother. The others, also Dr. Krug, were sent for. happened to be
(as a pilgrim) on the grounds. He and his wife were lodged, and still are at
the present time, in the room which Abdul-Baha had built for himself as an
addition to his h0us<%the room to which a stairway leads, in the garden near
the entrance. So Dr. Krug was not far and could come quickly; but alas!
Abdul-Baha breathed only a few times more and all became still within his holy
temple.
At first we were as dumb and speechless, bewildered. We stood or kneeled
before the bed. We gazed upon his face and could not trust our eyes. At last
the bewilderment subsided and the trust asserted itself. Was it true that his
eyes would open no more'! Would he not open his eyes to look upon us again?
Would he not open his lips to say that he was not dead? We asked the doctors
if he was dead. They said yes, the heart had ceased to beat; they said it was
useless to try to revive him--it could not be done. Then, after awhile, the

