68 STAR OF 
the desire of the teachers to raise
the intellectual, the spiritual, the artistic
minds of the pupils through the various
degrees of accomplishment till they at-
tain to a time when t.hey get t.heir
diplomas, so likewise the prophets had
one divine plan before them toward
which they Were Working, and for the
attainment of which they were educat-
ing the children of men, and that was
the brotherhood and the unity of man-
kind.-
planted the seeds of
World citizenship and the oneness of the
world of humanity in the hearts of his
friends, and he irrigated and flooded
these fields to such an extent that these
Bahais began to study the sacred books
of all the religions, collecting and draw-
ing out of this vast treasure house of
sacred ideals those principles Which
agreed with one another, putting them
side by side, writing a textbook, and
thus proving that the quintessence, the
original teachings of all the teachers and
prophets of the past had been one ideal,
and these books are being taught to our
children in our schools so that they grow
up with that universal consciousness and
international mind.
Not only have the Bahais been Work-
ing in this field of investigation but even
the scholars and the sages of this coun-
try, many of Whom I met in the universi-
ties and colleges throughout this land,
have been working along similar lines,
writing textbooks on comparative re-
ligions, and showing in the most drama-
tic, in the most spiritual, convincing
manner, that these great teachers of hu-
manity throughout successive ages have
taught one universal ideal.
From a philosophic standpoint we can
divide the contents of the sacred books
of the world into five parts. The first
part. is in regard to the principle of cos-
mogony or genesis, the creation of the
world, and just as you have in the book
of Genesis an account of creation, like-
wise other religions, Buddhists, Zoroas-
trians and Mohammedans have similar
allegorical stories about the creation of
the world. This first historical part of
the religious textbooks of the world, if
We read them with the eyes of orthodoxy
and literalization, are all unreasonable,
not in accord with science or reason, not
intellectual; they are like fairy stories
that We relate to our children; but if we
interpret them with the of spiritual
symbology and realize that the writers
have been teaching humanity in this
manner We gain the most spiritual and
heavenly knowledge.
The Hindus have a that when
God created the globe it was in a fluid
state and it Was moving through space
with such velocity that there was no
time for the creation of creatures, so
uerrnath, who was one of the gods, of-
fered his services to the Almighty that
he Would take hold of this globe and keep
it in order, giving time enough to God
to create the rest of the creatures, but
he took hold of the globe and it was so
heavy that his two hands fell off. The
Hindus have the statue of this Juerrnatli
in all their temples as a god without two
hands. Now if you give spiritual inter-
pretation to this story you have a beauti-
ful lesson; otherwise it is the most un-
reasonable, fanciful story of the prim-
itive races.
In the Zoroastrian religious books they
have similar stories about the stellar
globes in the universe, stating that each
one of these stars Was an intelligent be-
ing, controlling, governing and dominat-
ing the agencies of the World for a long
time.
In the book of Genesis We read that
on a certain day the sun was created.
Now the day is the result of the motion
of the earth in relation to the sun. In-
asinuch as the sun was not created up to
the third or the fourth day, how could
there be any days? Hence these con-
texts of the religious books of the World
must be all interpreted with the modern
conception of today and thus put them
in line with the universal ideal of our
time. and bring them Within the har-
monious institutions of the concepts of
our age.

