100 STAR OF
the mine of intellect may be displayed.
But, how much of it have we brought
into display! only, very, very, little.
What we have is only a drop, and what
is hidden, still, and which we must de-
velop and explore, is like a great infinite,
depthless, boundless ocean.
It is beyond a shadow of doubt, that
these powers of the mind were under-
going from time iinmemorial great
changes and transformations, and these
transformations and metamorphosis lead
to the expansion of the intellect, the ex-
tension of the domain of knowledge, the
bringing into the world of reality those
invisible laws of creation.
If we overlook the mind and its mani-
festations, the results, and the outcomes
issuing from the activity of this intel-
ligence, what would be man? "What will
we be'? Only a conglomeration of flesh,
muscles, bones and other 
nothing more.
Consequently this intellectual force is
a guide and an unerring companion, an
inner prophet, an interior saviour de-
posited in the nature of man by the
hand of God, that leads man from the
path of wrong into the highway of
righteousness, that teaches him to shun
evil and hasten toward good.
In the world of science and knowledge,
if we go back into the Dark Ages, med-
ieval history, we find many seemingly
scientific hypothesis and theories which
were looked upon as realities in those
ages; but they are today exploded
through new discoveries. How are we
going to explain those phenomena'! We
can explain it by this fact, that those
theories, looked upon as realities by our
forefathers, were simply eiforts of the
mind, assertions of man to explain cer-
tain unexplained laws, and as man is a
curious animal and he desires to know
things these were his efforts to find out,
and when the time passed and the neces-
sity for those laws was obviated, greater
and more perfect laws were born into the
World.
The science of astronomy is the great-
THE WEST
est illustration. Because, there was a
time when the Ptolemaic system was
taught in Egypt, later on adopted by the
Greeks, and then introduced into Europe
the earth was the center of the
universe and the sun, the stars, the
planets, all revolve around this infini-
tesimal globe of ours. How ridiculous
this theory seems to modern mind! And
yet, for ages and ages it was taught, and
anyone who departed one hair 's breadth
from this theory was looked upon as a
heretic and a dangerous man.
Is there any intelligent being today,
who would rise and say that we must
still believe in that ancient, exploded
theory of astronomy or astrology?
Now, here is one philosophical point
that I call your attention to: Just as the
sciences of the world evolve and every
age has its school of science and phil-
osophy, likewise, hand in hand with
science and philosophy goes the develop-
ment and the evolution of religion. Re-
ligion is an index to the science of the
day, and science is an index to the re-
ligion of the day.
The prophets and the manifestations
of God are the teachers in the schools
of humanity; just as the teachers in our
schools have to teach the children in ae-
cord with their receptivity for growth
and mental acquisition, likewise, these
great prophets taught the children of
mankind from age to age in those les-
sons for which they were adapted, so
that they might go through certain
classes, receive their certificate, and at-
tain to the higher and the highest classes
of perfection.
We are living, today, in a universal
age, in an era of universal consciousness,
in an age of the discovery of the sciences,
the display of imagination, the perfec-
tions and the revealment of the mystic
laws, and if we study the contents of the
seven books of the religions of the past,
we find in them certain statements which
are not in accord with the deductions of
modern science. What are we going to
do with them'?

