STAR OF
"The11 we looked at the floor plans.
After looking them over he asked me,
'What are you going to do with the
rooms around the dome?' I told him
that that was the reason of my visit
to him and asked him what he would like
to have done with them. He said, 'What
did you have in mind when you planned
those rooms?' and I told him that they
could be used for the teaching of the
message, a room for each language and
opening the screen, throwing all into one
large audience for service. He said, 'No,
you will give a room to every religion
so that each may worship in its own
way. This made me very happy.
"About raising funds. I told him of
the idea of having beautiful color prints
made up of the Temple and have every
Bahai buy one for one dollar. Also to
sell them to architects, designers, lovers
of art, etc. I told him that many mil-
lions could be sold. He said, 'Very good,
but this must be submitted to the Con-
vention.' This is all I can remember of
his talk about the Temple.
"Explaining the design to you, I will
say that this Temple is the plastic of the
teaching of and Abdul-
Baha. It is a composite architecture.
All the great religions of the wo-rld have
brought new architecture and as the pur-
pose of this teaching is to unify all the
religions of the world, I have used all
the essence of the religious architecture
of the world and united them into a
harmonious whole. In this design there
is the essence of the Egyptian architect-
ure, the Greek, the Roman, the Arabic,
the Gothic, the Renaissance and the
crowning of the Temple Dome which is
similar to mathematical figures that
represent the spiral curve of the plants
around the sun. Mathematics are the
symbol of truth and truth will set us
free. In the mathematical decoration
are interwoven all the religious symbols
of the different religions, the Swastica
Cross, the Buddhist and Vendentist
symbols; the seal of Solomon, symbol of
THE 79
the Jews; the Christian Cross; the
Crescent and five-pointed Star, symbol
of the Mohammedans the double-pointed
Star, symbol of this R-evelation--the in-
ner nine for the outer nine
for Abdul-Baha, who is the reflection
of 
"This is a short outline of the Tem-
pie."
By the Chairman: "The Bahai teach-
ings are not for seclusion, but appeal to
men of affairs. One of the active ser-
vants of Abdul-Baha is Mr. William I-I.
Randall."
Mr. Randall said, am very happy
to be with you in this splendid meeting.
A Japanese definition of heaven is,
"Nothing given for nothing!" The idea
is that we must earn heaven. So rapid
are the changes in the world today that
even the notion of home life is no longer
final. Each nation's business has be-
come the world's business. The races
are continually forced to meet each
other. Therefore, there must be either
brotherhood or Armageddon! Is there
no common ground or principle of life
that brings peace and harmony? Yes!
And in advancing toward it we must
value the distinction between personality
and individuality. The latter is the crea-
tion of God. The first is the work of
man. Man weaves himself into the
of nature, but God releases him
on the wings of the spirit. In the indi-
viduality, Which springs from a common
origin, rests the foundation of oneness
and the spiritual unity of the human
race. To awaken this conception is the
work of God.
"The divine origin of the soul of man
is not racial. Humanity becomes distin-
guished because the Holy Spirit enters
the human temple and vitalizes it with
the breath of God. Thus there is com-
munion of all the souls. Essential rela-
tionship is thus established. The pres-
ent peace is merely a. military establish-
ment and therefore not durable. But
divine civilization will bring peace.
(Continued on page 85)

