STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 12 Rahmat l, 77 (June 24-, 1921) No. 6
Convention for Amity Between the Colored
and White Races
By Louis G. Gnnoonv
THE convention for amity between
the White and colored races was held
in Washington, D. C., May 19th, 20th
and 21st. Instructions for this great
event were given by Abdul-Baha to Mrs.
A. S. Parsons during her pilgrimage
of last year to the Holy City. Their
consummation, faithfully managed, adds
a brilliant and Wonderful volume of
deeds and sentiments to human Welfare.
Generous press notices and other reports
created general i11t-crest, resulting in fine
audiences at every session.
The First Congregational Church, his-
torically famous for its opposition to
race prejudice, was opened for these
meetings. The speakers, Without excep-
tion, struck the highest note of duty,
justice, freedom, love, understanding,
broad sympathy, universal brotherhood,
the abandonment of prejudices, sur-
render of selfish and limited thoughts in
obedience to the Will of God. A ma-
jority of the speakers Were those known
as Bahais; but there Were others, one
in the same spirit, great souls who repre-
sented high stations in political, social,
business or religious life, and true ser-
vants of God and the realm of humanity.
There were signs of great happiness in
the faces of the speakers Which were
reflected by those in attendance. Con-
sidering the various elements brought
together and the harmonious blending
of all, there Was the visible sign of the
inner, Peiitecostal Fire to Which so
many of the friends bore testimony.
Naught but the Confirmations from
the Abha Kingdom which descend upon
those Who are firm in the Covenant can
produce such a sacrificial efiort with
such astonishing results. The full sig-
nificance of this convention can perhaps
be realized only in years to come, when
the great Waves of spirituality which it
set in motion Will be traced by all to the
great Ocean of Reality, Whose depths are
soundless. There is Wonderful meaning
in a message from Abdul-Baha, trans-
mitted to the convention by Mr. Mount-
fort Mills. It stated:
"Say to th/is convention that never
since the of time has a con-
vention of more importance been held.
This convent-ion stands for the oneness
of hnananrity. It will become the cause
of the removal of ltostllitees between the
races. It will become the cause of the
enlt'ghtenrn~ent of Amerzca. It will, if
wisely managed and continued, check
the deadly struggle between these races,
wh'ich- othterwise will Iinen-itably breah
ont."
Mrs. Parsons, upon Whom full re-
sponsibility rested, Was ably assisted by
a number of ladies, prominent among
Whom were Mrs. Mariam Haney, Mrs.
Coralie F. Cook, Mrs. Louise D. Boyle,
Mrs. Gabrielle Pelham and Miss Martha
Rioot. Eighteen other ladies, prominent
in social life or Welfare Work, gave the
prestige of their names as patrons. The
Washington House of Spirituality acted
in an advisory Way for many months.
Miss Mary Little, in a quiet Way, ren-
dered valuable aid. The entire assembly

