78 STAR OF THE WEST
Through various experiences with the
Center of the Covenant, We have seen
this power in operation. If the various
nations will but give ears that connect
with their hearts, their difficulties will
be removed in a twinkling. I wish to
convince you of this great longing, born
of love. We can respond by placing our-
selves in the right attitude. Investigate
and become aware! This indescribable
power, with its depth and immensity, is
adequate in so many phases of man's
suffering and difiiculty. Share this
power for your own benefit. Unless we
surrender ourselves to it, civilization is
helpless. Never in all history has there
been so great an opportunity!
"Our efiort is to make here such an
atmosphere as we found on our pilgrim-
age. But to appreciate it we must shut
out all prejudices, open our hearts and
extend a spiritual hand to each and all.
Disseminating truth is the sole purpose.
Abdul-Baha gave his life to sacrifice and
imprisonment with the sole object of
helping humanity. Truth is the funda-
mental unity of religions. It is the same
message and the same power of the mes-
sengers and prophets. Difierences have
arisen through interpretation and ec-
clesiasticism; but true religion is in the
deepest springs of the human heart.
"Mashreq'ul-Azkar means the Dawn-
ing Point of Praises. The buildings
symbolize the structure in the hearts.
Chicago has been chosen for the site and
now the foundation is being laid. It is
now a very great pleasure to listen to
one whose model has been chosen, Mr.
Louis Bourgeois."
Mr. Bourgeois spoke: "My work is not
speech making, therefor I will be brief.
I went to see Abdul-Baha to have him
approve the drawings I submitted to
him and get his advice on things he
would like to change. This is what I will
speak about.
am reminded of a story I heard
about a dream. The dreamer saw a great
mountain, on the top of which was a
great light. This light was supposed to
be the goal or the attainment of immor-
tality. There were many roads from the
valley to the top of this mountain and
pilgrims were assembling in the valley
preparing themselves for this lofty ascen-
sion. Each individual assembled in the
valley came with a great burden on his
back. This was symbolizing the burdens
of each one of us, which are notions,
desires, prejudices of all kind. Each
one starting this ascension felt the bur-
den was too great. At different heights
in the paths there were guides to show
the way. Those who did not like advice
fell by the way with their burdens.
Those who asked guidance were told to
drop their burdens, but only a few
dropped their burdens, the rest fell ex-
hausted in the road and perished.
"This was the symbol that you must
unburden yourself of all prejudices. To
enter into that immortal abode of love
the self must be annihilated, then har-
mony will be manifest in our heart.
"During my recent pilgrimage I saw
Abdul-Baha but 'four days and about one
hour each time. What was said about
the Temple -did no-t take more than fif-
teen minutes. I showed him the design
of the large Temple in color. exam-
ined it carefully and said, 'It is very
beautiful, very beautiful.' Many times
he repeated these words, 'Very beauti-
ful.' 'The most beautiful in the World.
It was given to you from the Kingdom,'
he said, and I answered that I felt in my
heart it was from the Kingdom and that
it made me very happy to hear it from
his lips. He added, 'All the troubles
around you will be removed. You have
been confirmed in this work.' In an-
other visit he said that had
conferred a great favor upon me.
"He looked at the Chicago design
which had no ornaments on the drawing
and said, 'It is not like the other one
showing the large design.' I explained
to him that I had no time to draw the
ornaments and that the engineer would
not need them for his work. He re-
plied, 'Do it just like this one,' pointing
to the large design, and I replied that I
would.

