134 STAR OF THE WEST
leaders of the churches hold "fast to these
dogmas and creeds, and think they are
the essential foundations of their
churches, there shall never be unity or
agreement.
'Wl1at idid accomplish?
He simply washed the slate of the re-
ligions of the world clean from all caste,
creeds and dogmas. He attracted the
attention of mankind from exterior sanc-
timony to interior devotion and worship.
He suggested to them to ascend on the
top of the mountain where he had given
his divine sermons, and once the people
of the world gather on the summit of
that mountain with those beatitudes,
there are no differences, there are no
creeds, there are no traditions; but, here,
deep in the valley, in the shadow of the
mountain there are all kinds of misun-
derstandings, sorrows and miseries.
brought into this world
the Water of Life from the Paradise of
the Kingdom, and With that Water of
Life he washed from the hearts all traces
of religious, racial and national preju-
dices--these hearts which were created
by God pure and translucent in the be-
ginning but that became filled with these
dark clouds and vapors, he caused to
return to their original state.
He baptized the hearts and the souls
of men with the fire of the love of God
and With the spirit of the VVord of God.
As long as this eternal idea of univer-
sal peace is not planted in the hearts of
men, no matter how many thousand
Leagues of Nations we may have, how
many Parliaments of Man We may estab-
lish, they will be used simply as in the
play of checkers; these various nations
will be used as excuses and pretexts, and
these various organizations for no other
purpose but to further the schemes and
machinations of the plotting govern-
ments.
His Holiness, planted
the seeds of love, fraternity, brotherhood,
humanity and kindness in the field of
the universe, and day by day, we see
with our OW11 eyes that these seeds are
being watered with the heavenly rain;
they are growing and sprouting, little
by little, till some day a great harvest
will be gathered.
This is, therefore, the glorious cycle in
which these universal ideals must be
fully practiced; this is the age in which
the hopes, the dreams, of all the proph-
ets must come to pass; this is the time in
which the flowers of intelligence must
spread their perfumes throughout the
World, making the world of humanity
one home; the people as the members of
one family and the growing plants of
one garden.
"In this Dispensation consultation with expert doctors
1S highly advisable"
wonns 015' ABDUL-BAHA ON PHYSICAL HEALTH
of the pilgrims to Abdul-Baha
sends the following to the STAR or
THE Wnsr: am enclosing a most
remarkable message of Abdul-Baha to
my mother about her physical health.
It seems that during my two interviews
with him, I neglected to speak about
her condition, so when I left I wrote
Shoghi Rabbani and explained fully
that the doctors disagreed as to what
was her trouble, how some advised an
operation while others did not. She did
not know what to do. Shoghi has just
sent me a letter saying he has explained
fully mother's case to the Master and
his answer is this:
ever pray on her behalf and beg
from God H-is divine remedy and heal-
ing. As in this Dispensation consulta-
tion with expert doctors is highly advis-
able and acting in accordance with their
prescriptions obligatory, it is well for
her to undergo an operation if deemed
necessary by doctors.' 

