300 STAR OF THE IVEST
Two Letters from ETHEL 
Haifa, Palestine,
December 8, 19'21.
Beloved friends in England:
I know so well how heart-broken you
have all been at this (for us) sad, sad
news and how you must all be longing
for a word directly from this sacred
spot--made doubly sacred for all of us
now as it is the resting-place of our Be-
loved Abdul-Baha.
I cannot. sufficiently thank God for al-
lowing me to be here at this solemn
time. You are, I know, all feeling with
me that now is the "accepted ti1ne;"
now is the moment when we must all
dedicate our lives afresh to the service
of our beloved Abdul-Baha, the Per-
fect Servant of God--and of us all.
Dr. and Mrs. Krug of New York,
Mr. -and Mrs. Bosch from California,
Miss Johanna Hauff from Stuttgart, and
Mr. Kelsey, had all the blessed and won-
derful privilege of being here at the
time of his departure and ascension.
Mrs. Stannard hastened here from Cairo
as soon as they received the news--but
she did not arrive until Tuesday, after
the funeral had taken place. The actual
passing was at 1:30 a. m. on Sunday
night, i. in the early morning of
November 28th--[so close to] the day
he himself chose so many years ago to
be his Commemoration Day--his "Day
of Remembrance" for always. Some
friends objected to his having selected
November as the month for his special
day, but in my hearing he said, "No!
No! There is a special wisdom in this
choice. Some day it will be known."
Dr. and Mrs. Krug arrived only nine
days before his departure. She tells
me they were both much struck by his
extreme fatigue and weariness, and they
entreated him not to visit the Guest
House, but to allow them to visit him.
However, he continued to come over to
see the friends here and to take a meal
with them, right up to the Friday. On
that day they were particularly im-
pressed by his very loving and impres-
sive farewell, "Good night! Good
night!" he repeated several times,
stretching out his hands towards them.
On Saturday he was taken ill with
fever, and his temperature rose to 104.
On Sunday, the 27th, he seemed much
better and he had no fever. At 5 p. m.
that day he received the Quazi (the
Mohammedan judge). This gentle-
man said to him, think it would be
much better for your health if you
would build a small ho-use entirely of
wood instead of living in a stone
house.' Abdul-Ba-ha replied, have
no time left now to build houses." Then
he also received the two principal Police
Authorities--after that he retired to
rest at about 8:80'. At midnight or so,
he arose from his bed and took his tem-
perature and showed his daughter
Rouha Khanum that he had no fever.
He refused milk and lay down again.
Later on she once more entreated him
to drink a little milk. He looked at
her and said, "You would give me milk
when I am with that he
was gone.
I have told you these details that you
may know how easy and rapid was the
passing and that practically he had no
illness--at any rate, no serious illness.
During the previous week he had
given his family many hints of his ap-
proaching end, if they had but under-
stood them.
To Ronhi Effendi he said, I have de-
cided to go far away, where no one
can reach me." Rouhi Effendi and an-
other young man who was present,
thought he was joking and R-ouhi Effendi
said, "You know, Master, that is im-
possible; they will always find you."
About ten days before the end, he left
his little bedroom in the garden and
came into the house. He told his fam-
ily that he had dreamed in the night
that BAHA had come to him,
and had said, "Destroy this room im-

