STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE West!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and' spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABBAS. 
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA 
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE WEST, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the West they may become informed of the most important events.
ABBAS.
Editorial Stafl: ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
V01.  7 Kalamat 1, 77 (July 13 1921) N0. 7
i 
[From the Bahai News, Bombay, India]
Notes after a visit to Sir Abdul-Baha (Abbas Effendi)
BY PATRICK Gnoorzs
MY first acquaintance with the illus-
trious and saintly leader of the
Bahai Movement was as one of his chair-
men in course of his lectures in Edin-
burgh on his tour through the West some
years ago before the war. After this
meeting he became interested in the
practical methods of my 'Outlook Tower'
at Edinburgh, and found in these some-
thing of that incorporation of science
into life, and, therefore, into religion,
which is one of the tenets in which the
Bahai organization, guided by his teach-
ing, takes so eminent a lead among the
religious bodies of the present. He indeed
then asked me to deliver a public lecture
on those lines to those attending his
teachings, which I did under his chair-
manship.
During each of the past two years I
have been town-planning in Palestine
and not only for Jerusalem, but also for
his own home city of Haifa, and have
thus had more than one opportunity of
meeting him again.
On the last occasion of calling on
him, I had the pleasant duty of convey-
ing to him a unanimous request from
"Pro-Carmel," a new Society of Citi-
zens, founded on the lines of the better-
known "Pro-Jerusalem," and with the
same purpose of advancing all the com-
mon interests of the city, without dis-
tinction of race, party or creed, and thus
embracing all. Their desire Was that he
should become the President of this new
Society, which unites Moslems, Jews,
Christians and Bahais in the work of
social service and of civic and regional
improvements in all respects, moral and
educational, as well as material, hy-
gienic, architectural and artistic, etc.
This office and leadership he cordially
accepted to the great satisfaction of all
concerned, since all Haifa looks up to
and is proud of him as the foremost of
their fellow-citizens.
He also approved and authorized the
proposed town-planning scheme, as ar-
ranged between the City Engineer, Dr.

