STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as bro hers; that the bonds of affection and unity
between the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and
differences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars
shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. I2 Mulk 1, 77 (February 7, 1922) No. 18
"The beloved Master knew beforehand when
he would leave us" 
Letter from MONEVER KHANUM, daughter of His olvlness ABDUL-BAHA,
to Ruth Wales Randall, Boston.
Haifa, Palestine, December 22, 1921.
My beloved sister:
Though overwhelmed by grief, yet we are confirmed in the Covenant, assured
of His nearness and loyal to His blessed Cause and to His Love.
We are spending these wonderful days of our greatest sorrow in utmost
resignation to His holy will--for we know death can never separate us from Him
nor can it afiect our strong faith in Him.
We beg our beloved sisters and brothers and implore them to arise with us in
perfect union and love to serve Him--obeying every single command in His Holy
Testament With utmost devotion. For, dear sister, today is the day in which we
must prove our sincerity, love and loyalty. For I feel we especially who have
lived With Him, and you who have seen and known Him personally-as well as all
the Bahais in general, have a great responsibility now. Therefore we must first
throw away the self and sacrifice everything for the sake of His must
wish for nothing but the welfare of the Cause.
The beloved Master knew exactly beforehand when he would leave us. The
reason I know this so certainly is on account of a dream which he ha_d about two
weeks before the end (the dream was that BAHA appeared to him and
said: "Destroy this room in which you are" the "room" being his blessed
body), and also because he requested us to send for Shoghi Eifendi to come back
from Oxford, England, "for a very great and important reason," as he said.
He also gave us many hints of his approaching departure.
On Saturday, November 26th, he had fever, which left him entirely by the
next morning. As soon as he felt the fever he called me and said: "This is very
serious. This is the beginning now." On Sunday (the 27th) he seemed quite
natural and at 5 p. m. received several visitors. The last of these was an English-
man and he gave him a present of Persian handkerchiefs. He retired to rest
about 8 :30 and. at mid-night was resting quietly. At a quarter past one he felt
difliculty in breathing and at 1 :80 a. Monday morning (the 28th), everything
was over. There was not the least agitation or agony. It was so calm that we
could not realize that he was going. The funeral took place on Tuesday, the 29th,
at 9 a. m. Everyone who could possibly do so came from Acca and Haifa and
walked in the procession. The High Commissioner, Sir Herbert Samuel, came
up especially from Jerusalem to attend and insisted on walking the whole way
to the Tomb of the Bab, where is the present resting place of the body of our
Beloved One. The Governor of Jerusalem, the Governor of Haifa and many

