164- STAR OF
our green American meadows as one can
imagine. The pastures are brown and
dry, and We wondered how the many
herds of goat and sheep that We saw
could find enough food to keep them
alive. We saw almost no cows, and in
Haifa We found that it is very difficult
to obtain milk; We did not see any butter
While We were in Palestine. Instead of
butter, a white, salty cheese made from
goat 's milk is served.
In the afternoon We rode through the
beautiful valley near Joffa, with its
thousands and thousands of fruit trees.
The fields have to be irrigated, but When
that is done they "blossom abundantly,"
and the trees are loaded with oranges
and lemons, which were green at that
season of the year. A little farther
north is the valley of Sharon, and We
tried to remember some of the beautiful
Words of the Old Testament with regard
to that valley. "The Wilderness and the
solitary place shall be glad for them; and
the desert shall rejoice and blossom as
the rose. It shall blossom abundantly
even with joy and singing; the glory of
Lebanon shall be given unto it, the ex-
cellency of Carmel and Sharon, they
shall see the glory of the Lord} and the
excellency of our God."
The last part of the journey was very
beautiful. The train ran close to the
edge of the seashore, and We saw the sun
drop down through fleecy clouds and
sink in the blue Waters of the Mediterra-
nean. On the right a low range of hills
rose,~rocky, and sparsely covered with
vegetation. Beyond them appeared line
after line of hills, until, far in the dis-
tance, high blue mountains towered in
to the sky. thought that they must
be the Lebanons, and We Wondered
Whether We should soon see the valley of
Aeca. After a time the lowest range of
hills rose so close that all the others were
blotted out. Cora suggested that per-
haps the termination of this range was
Mt. Carmel, and so it proved to be, for
suddenly we rounded a point of land,
THE WEST
and Haifa appeared to the east, with
Mt. Carmel above.
Haifa lies on a narrow plain at the
foot of the mountain, but there are
buildings scattered part Way up the
slope. A long white road traverses the
length of the hill, and reaches the top
near its Western extremity. I looked for
the Tomb of the Bab, but I am not sure
Whether I saw it then. The train runs
through a considerable part of the town,
before reaching the station, and our eyes
were very eager in their search for the
various places of which we had heard so
much. Suddenly I remembered that We
should n0W be able to see Acca across
the bay, and hurrying to the other side
of the car, I looked out--and across the
Water I glimpsed the city of the Lord,
the "door of hope." We were so happy
to be so near our joux-ney's end,--We
Were so full of expectation, that it
seemed as if the train would never reach
the station. But at last We did pull up
in front of it! Cora went out to look
for a porter, and I Was ready to pass
baggage out of the Window to her. But
almost immediately a hand was reached
in to shake mine, and We were Welcomed
by a young man, whom We later learned
was Rouhi Eifendi, one of the Master's
grandsons. Soon a familiar figure ap-
peared in the car, Fugeta, whom We had
last seen in New York. He helped pass
out bundles, and soon We were all on the
platform with our numerous parcels and
bags beside us. 'We shook hands with
several young men, Bahais from the
Master's liouse-hold, and then We four
American pilgrims were in the auto, with
the driver, Rouhi Effendi, and some of
our baggage. Said Elfendi, who had
just arrived from Alexandria, Fugeta,
and the other friends Waited for the car
to return for them.
The car ran through several streets,
going steadily I was too
happy and too far from ordinary speech
to be able to say a Word. Suddenly we
turned a corner, and after going less
than a hundred yards the car stopped.

