204 STAR OF
ciations is the spot on the side of the
stream, Where the two great mulberry
trees form the "tent not made with
hands," "over land and water." There,
in the later days, the Blessed Beauty
used to sit beneath the trees. It is a
place of rest and peace. The troublous
world seems very far away. Love and
peace are in the Wind, in the soft rustl-
ing of leaves, and the murmur of the
water.
Our lunch was spread on a rug be-
neath one of the mulberry trees. We
ate of the Persian foods from the Mas-
ter's household, of the fruits from the
Rizwan. Vile were utterly content to
sit in that heavenly place and watch
Riaz, and another small boy who had
come 'with us from Acca, sail boats down
the tiny stream from the fountain.
After lunch we all rested for an hour
or more, after which we .had tea. It
was too sweet a place to leave, but the
hours were passing, and the supreme
goal of our day was still ahead of 
the visit to the Tomb of BAHA 
And so we left the Rizwan, with the
prayer in our hearts that We might come
again to that lovely garden of our Lord.
We drove to the north, across the roll-
ing Acca plain, till the Bahjee ap-
peared before us. Here BAHA 
lived after He left Acca, still technically
a prisoner, but permitted to live among
trees and flowers, instead of being shut
in by the dark prison walls. At the
Bahjee we turned westward, and soon
rounded the corner of a long, low build-
ing, where the caretaker of the Tomb
lives, Seyed Abul-Cassim. There we
alighted, .and Zia Khanum indicated a
small gate into the garden. Slowly, with
wonder in our hearts, we followed the
path through the garden to the door of
the Tomb. In the little outer room we
removed our shoes. A short flight of
steps brought us into the large room of
the Tomb.
THE WEST
We found ourselves in a large room,
with a garden in the center. At the
west end were several windows, and
floods of light poured down upon us
from the glass windows in the roof. In
the north-west corner of the room, a
curtained door led into the Tomb itself.
Zia Khanum drew aside the curtain
but the door Was closed. We knelt in
the space before the door, a11d Zia
Khanum chanted the prayer of Visita-
tion. I tried to remember the words of
the Tablet of BAHA "Cause me
to drink of the cup of evanescence, clothe
me in its mantle and immerse me in its
sea," but my mind seemed almost a
blank. I remember the promise that the
prayer one prays in all sincerity at the
Tomb of BAHA shall be answered.
With my whole heart I prayed for
"evanescence" at His Threshold, and for
the power to serve His Cause. Then I
prayed for various people I knew, who
were in need of a vision of the greatness
of God's love. And then for the Bahai
friends in Americalonged to enter that closed
door, into the Tomb itself! I remem-
bered that . . . .
..and . . . .
. .had been in-
side and that they had been somewhat
surprised at being led in, for they knew
that people were not always permitted
to enter there. I realized how very far
short I fell of the purity of heart of that
party of pilgrims. I knew that the
Master gives to each one what he most
needs. And so it was as though the
Master said to me, "You have not yet
learned enough to appreciate the atmo-
sphere of that inner room. Live the
life; serve the Cause; achieve purity of
heart. Then perhaps if you return here,
the rewards of the pure in heart will be
yours!" And with my whole mind and
spirit I pledged myself to the accom-
plishment of that task.
(To be continued)

