STAR OF THE WEST 183
hear my words; they understand; they
live accordingly.
"Have you seen enabe Fazel in
America?"
Conn GRAY: "Yes, twice, just before
we left New York."
ABDUL-BAHA: "He is a very pure-
heartcd man. He is a real Bahai. He
is confirmed in service. He who is con-
firmed is confirmed in all things. Of
the Persians who have gone to America
only two have been fully confirmed
honor, Abul Fazl, and his
honor, Fazel. They are both very
good."
Then the Master told the story of
Mirza Abul Fazl, and the English ladies
who insisted on seeing him! Finally,
when they had knocked very persistently
and continuously, Mirza Abul Fazl be-
came tired of hearing it, so he Went to
the door, and said, "Abul Fazl is not
here." Up to this point in the story, the
Master had been speaking in Persian or
Arabic, and R-1011115. Effendi had been in-
terpreting, but when the Master came
to this part, he spoke in English, very
and then repeated it, "Abul
Fazl is not here!" and then he smiled
the most adorable smile!
When We first saw the Master, he
asked whether We had had any troubles
or difficulties on the way. Cora replied
that if We had had any, We had now for-
gotten all of them.
ABDUL-BAHA: "There is a Persian
poet who says that when one has at-
tained to- the goal of one's journey, the
end of one 's search, he forgets all that
has happened on the Way."
Cora said that the friends in Alex-
andria and Cairo had been so kind to
us, and had helped us so much.
ABDUL--BAHA: "That is the duty of
any Bahai. He is greater Who serves
most. That is the way to progress.
Some flowers have color and no frag-
rance. Some have both fragrance and
color; some have neither. So it is with
the hearts of men."
September 1920
On September 3d We did notsee the
Master at all, for he was still up on Mt.
Carmel. I was very, very happy, with
a calm peace. During the morning I
wrote in my diary. In the afternoon We
had tea with the ladies at the MasterThe Garden of Rizwan
house. Some one told Mrs. Paine to sit
in the big wicker chair at the end of the
room, and she was happy to sit in the
Master's chair. I talked to Touba
Khanum for a time, mostly about edu-
cation. Her daughter, Soraya, is to go
to Cairo, to the Protestant School for
Girls this year, and Touba Khanurn was
saying how much they disliked to have
to send their children away from home.
But 'the schools in Haifa are not ad-
vanced enough for study beyond the age
of fourteen or fifteen. She said, "'We
like to have our children at home in the
evening in order that we may give them
some spiritual teaching ourselves." I
could faintly imagine the loss to those
children from separation from the lovely
daughters of the Master! Touba
Khanum said that the previous year
Soraya had been in a girl's school in
Beirut. She "had been eager to go, for
(Continued on page 186)

