113 STAR OF THE VVEST
was introduced as a visible proof of the
reality and supremacy of the spirit and
mind: a scholar, artist, philanthropist,
organizer, and promoter of interracial
understanding. Mr. Cook, in his person,
is a victor over many obstacles, having
been a cripple from his early childhood.
He regards adversity as a spur to suc-
cess. Mr. Cook voiced cordial greetings
to the convention. He dwelt upon the
efficacy of spiritual citizenship, by Which
human problems can be solved. The
spirit of patience and service must be
dedicated to this end. Racial amity can-
not be secured by pretense, but only by
righteous conviction. We must advance
through the holy orders of Providence.
Business life is a valuable medium for
coiiveying altruism to the World of hu-
manity, but to this end greed must be
subdued. If we are found fit to die for
an ideal we shall live. Virtues are de-
manded to direct the moral forces of the
world. How can we look with dispar-
agement upon each other when the
glorious opportunity to serve is before
us"? There are great possibilities for
America to teach and enlighten the
world.
In conclusion he paid a tribute to
Abdul-Baha.
Mr. Joseph H. Douglass, grandson of
Frederick Douglass, charmed the audi-
ence with a violin solo and responded to
an encore.
The last speaker of the morning was
Louis G-. Gregory, on "The New Spring-
time."
Friday evening Dr. Alain L. Locke,
presiding, expressed the great effort of
the convention to be the unity of heart
and mind in human succor, exemplify-
ing the power of a. new spirit in a new
day.
Hon. Martin B. Madden of Illinois
urged equal opportunity for white and
colored citizens. "In a democracy such
as this," he said, "all citizens must be
treated on a basis of exact equality.
Laws must be made impartially and
executed without discrimination for any
reason. Since their liberation the col-
ored people have made Wonderful prog-
ress, reducing their illiteracy to only
20 per cent and accumulating a vast
amount of property. Peonage and
must not be permitted. The
government should uphold its own dig-
nity by enforcing justice."
Mr. Alfred H. Martin, President of
the Ethical Culture Society of New
York, delivered a polished address on
"The New Internationalism and Its
Spiritual F'actors." In the course of
his remarks, speaking especially to the
race question he said, "This problem
can be solved only by rising to the spir-
itual conception of democracy. Accord-
ing to this conception the more efiicient
should help the less effieient. It is for
the whites of the North and the South
to open the door of opportunity to the
backward blacks, with no presupposi-
tions of unfitness or inability to gain the
prizes of citizenship for those who prove
themselves capable; and the blacks in
turn must serve as missionaries to those
whites who are so victimized by preju-
dice that they cannot see the poten-
tialities behind the dark skin."
Saturday morning, Ora Gibson read
the prayer: God! God! Unite
the hearts of Thy Servants and reveal
to them Thy Great purpose. May they
follow Thy commandments and abide in
Thy law. Help them, God, in their
endeavor and grant them strength to
serve Thee. God! leave them not to
themselves; but guide their steps by the
light of knowledge and cheer their
hearts by Thy love. Verily Thou art
their Helper and their Lord."
Mr. Mountfort Mills presided a11d
said, are forwarding a more far-
reaching purpose than is indicated by
the program alone. "Te seek that mighty
Force to develop a new civilization.
Amity between the races is a by product
of this. This civilization requires intel-
ligence of the heart." He then read the
message of Abdul-Baha to the conven-
tion, as given above.

