STAR OF THE 293
The whilte clasket containirig the blessed body of Abdul-Baha
eaving is ome -- the pal -bearers carrying the casket even . - . g, 
with the shoulders on the up~turned palm? of their hands. 'id' 
the house, the air was rent with the weeping of the family and friends. The
friends then all advanced toward the casket and kissed, with flowing tears, the
shawl laid over the casket. When this was over the funeral proceeded with
pomp and greatness. Men of all creeds and societies, as well as the great men
of the city, without exception, were present and followed the big train of the
High Commissioner.
When they reached the Tomb, after walking for one hour and twenty-five
minutes, the casket Was laid down before the Tomb of the Bab, until the rest
of the procession reached that place. Then about nine speakers spoke spon-
taneously, declaring his greatness and comparing it with the prophets of the
past, and testifying to the sorrow and the great loss which they felt in his
passing. The speakers were all strangers--not Bahais, as the Bahais could only
weep on this occasion. They were representatives of all the religions of the
country, Mohammedans, Christians, Jews, et al. and poets of different creeds.
Some of the speakers were heads of their religion. I cannot describe how was
affected by the reading of these ovations. Sir Herbert Samuel, after listening to
the last speaker, who was a Jew and who spoke in French, shook hands with
him as he had understood what he said. The others had spoken in Arabic. When
this was over Sir Herbert Samuel, holding his hat in his left hand, knelt down
and kissed, for the last time, the shawl that covered the casket, and all those
who were present did the same. The burial took place in the central room
where the Master used to sit.
As soon as the friends here received the news of the ascension of Abdul-
Baha, telegrams were sent to Haifa, and Joseph Hebeqa, whom the Bahais of
Alexandria sent to Haifa, was the first of the friends to arrive from abroad.
Upon his return he related to us the details mentioned in this letter. Joseph
Hebeqa had not seen Abdul-Baha before, although he had made preparations to
visit him the week previous to his ascension, but, unfortunately he was detained.
He believed in the Cause during the time of the war, and we tried to perfect
his faith. The ascension of Abdul-Baha and his presence in Haifa, on this great
occasion, confirmed his faith and has had a wonderful effect upon him. After
his visit of five days in Haifa, he was quite another being, and returned to us
like a flaming torch, and in his confirmation he has found real consolation.
Since we received the news of the passing of Abdul-Baha, We have been

