STAR OF THE WEST 41
that it had blinded all the eyes and deafened all the ears. There prevailed
quarrel and strife, Warfare and bloodshed.
In short, it has a long description but I mentioned it briefly. "When the Sun
of Truth shone forth With all might and energy, these obscure and dark clouds
dispersed and the splendid Day presented to the an aspect With such fresh-
ness and beauty that the Wise beca.me astonished; the sick Were cured; the blind
received sight; the deaf obtained hearing; the dumb proved eloquent, and the
dead quickened. A heavenly Table was spread in the Orient. The divine teach-
ings like unto an unshakable edifice were instituted.
The first principle of is independent investigation for truth,
that is, all the nations of the World have to investigate after truth independently
a11d turn their eyes from the rotten blind imitations of the past ages entirely.
Truth is one When it is independently investigated, it does not accept division.
Therefore the independent investigation for truth Will le-ad to the oneness of
the World of humanity.
Another one of these teachings is the oneness of the World of humanity. All
mankind are the trees of the divine garden and the Gardener of this orchard is
His Most High, the All Sustainer. The hand of His favor hath planted these
trees, irrigated them from the cloud of Mercy and reared them With the energy
of the Sun of Truth.
Then there remains no doubt that this heavenly Farmer (Gardener) is kind
to all these plants. This truth cannot be denied. It is shining like unto the
sun. This is the divine policy and unquestionably it is greater than the human
policy. \Ve must. follow the divine policy.
The point is this that some people a.re sick; some are immature and ignorant,
and some Without any knowledge of their beginning and of their end. The sick
should be cured; the immature should be brought to maturity, and the ignorant
should be taught to become Wise and not that enmity should be exercised towards
them.
Similarly describe fully in that journal the other teachings which thou art
acquainted With, one by one, a detailed description: For example,tthat religion
must be the cause of concord; that it should agree with science and reason; that
it must be a factor of progress to the World of humanity, that it should be free
from blind imitations. Another example is that all prejudices are destructive to
the foundation of the World of humanity.
Other examples are: The equality of men and Women; the universalization
of knowledge (education) the creation of one universal language; justice and
economic facilities among mankind; the need of the World of
humanity of the breaths of the Holy Spirit; the establishment of universal peace;
the institution of the Supreme Court of Arbitration; the freedom and equality
of all mankind; the brotherhood of the World of humanity, and other teachings
like these which are mentioned in the Tablets of God. Describe all these teach-
ings fully in the most eloquent and sweetest terms expressive of the most charm-
ing realities and insert them in the journal!
It is my hope that thou together with Miss Alexander Will be confirmed to
accomplish this service. Miss Alexander is the herald of Truth in Japan. Rest
assured that she will be confirmed and assisted.
Unto you be the Glory of Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Azizullah S. Bahadur, Mount Carmel, Palestine, December 9,
1920. Received in Tokyo, Japan, March 3d, 1921.)

