ZIZ STAR OF THE WEST
passing along the path with its beautiful
cypress trees. At the Tomb I entered
the room on the east side, and stayed
there in prayer and meditation for al-
most an hour. The tall Bahai from Es-
kabad came in and knelt in prayer for
some time, a11d then chanted. After he
had gone, a younger man whom I did
not know came in and chanted very
softly and sweetly. He went out and I
was alone for some time. The folds of
the long veil I wore fell about my face
and shoulders, and seemed to shut me in
with God. His radiant Presence was
very 11ear.
I tried to fill my heart with the ex-
quisite beauty and peace of that heavenly
place, for I knew that was my last morn-
ing on the mountain. I knew that many
and many would be the times that I
would long to be kneeling at that
Threshold.
Finally I knew that it was time to be
going down the mountain. Just as I was
leaving the Tomb, Mirza L-otfullah came
in. I went out into the garden, and
walked about a bit, drinking in the
beauty of flowers, hills, Water and sky.
Soon Mir-za Lotfullah came out and bade
me good-morning. Then he suggested
that We gather jasmine blossoms to take
down to the Pilgrim House. So we
pulled off dozens of the fragrant flowers,
and filled our pockets and handkerchiefs
with them. Later we strewed them on
the breakfast table. Mirza Lotfullah
said that he used to fill a basket full of
blossoms, stripping the bushes each
morning. He took the basket to the
Master, who scattered them everywhere
he went.
About 7:00 a. m. 'we started down the
mountain. Mirza Lotfullah had a stone-
bruise on his heel, and was Wearing a
loose slipper and carrying a cane; but
never once did I hear him complain
about it. Instead he talked of how the
Master works, with no thought of phy-
sical fatigue. He works all day long,
interviewing callers, etc. He goes to bed
possibly by 9 :00 or 9 :30, but often he is
up again at midnight, chanting and
praying. Then he may correct Tablets
for a while, and then sleep two or three
hours more. And at perhaps 6:00 a. m.
he rises for the day 's work! Apparently
he averages not more than four to six
hours of sleep a night! So his whole
life is given to the service of mankind.
Mirza Lotfullah said, "The real Bahai
activity is not to stay here in the light
of the Master-'s love. It is to- go out into
the World and spread his message of
service. Be happy that you are going
out to work for him."
But at another time he said, "Pray
for us who live here in the Master's
household. We have many temptations
to guard against. We must never be-
come impatient or give way to any de-
pression. Not long ago when the Master
was speaking to us, he said, 'You must
be an example to all who come here.
In you they must see what a real Bahai
should be.' So we need your prayers
that we may live up to that Work. 
We had thought of the great joy of
being a member of the Master's family,
but then we began to realize that only
those of great- unselfishness may be his
helpers there in Haifa.
On that beautiful morning we entered
the Pilgrim House before breakfast was
quite ready, and strewed the jasmine
blossoms over the table.
The Master came in after breakfast,
and stayed only a few minutes. He
smiled at us all, and we were very happy
to be near him. He asked especially
about Mrs. George 's health. He said a
few Words to her, smiled at all of us-,
and then rose and left us. We all Went
to the door and watched him as he dis-
appeared through our gate.
After breakfast we went over into the
Master's garden, and waited for an op-
portunity to talk with him for a few
moments. After a While Rouha Kha-
num called Mabel and Sylvia in to see
him. While they were gone we stood
talking with Mrs. Hoagg and some of
the young men. I shall not forget the

