230
STAR OF THE WEST
-pl

shine as resplendent orbs. The manifestations are they of
celestial grace and day--springs of the light of Divine
Assistance.
Grant, Thou Loving Lord, that all may stand firm
and steadfast and may shine with everlasting splendor that
thereby the gentle gales at every breath may blow from
the bowers of Thy loving-kindness, and from the ocean of
Thy Grace an emanation may arise, that the kindly showers
of Thy Love may bestow freshness and the zephyr may waft
to us its perfume from the rose-garden of Divine Unity.
Vouchsafe, of the World, a ray from Thy
Splendor and, Well-Belove.d of mankind, shed upon us
the light of Thy Countenance!
God Omnipotent, do Thou shield us and be our refuge,
and, Lord of Being, show forth Thy Might and Thy
Dominion!
Thou Loving Lord!
The movers of sedition are, in some regions, astir and
active and are, by night and day, inflicting a grievous Wrong.
Even as Wolves, despots are lying in Wait and the wronged,
innocent fo-ld has neither help nor suc-cor, hloodhounds are
on the trail of the gazelles of the fields of Divine Unity, and
the pheasant in the mounts of Heavenly Guidance is pursued
by the ravens of envy.
Thou Divine Providence!
Preserve Thou and protect us! Thou who art our
Shield, save us and defend us! Keep us 'neath Thy shelter
and by Thy aid save us from all ills. Thou art indeed the
True Protector and the Unseen Guardian, the Celestial
Watcher and the Heavenly Loving Lord!
ye beloved of the Lord!
On the one side is the standard of the One True God
unfurled, and the voice of the Kingdom raised, the Cause
of God is spreading and manifest in splendor are the won-
ders from on high; illumined is the East and perfumed is
the VVest, fragrant With ambergris is the North and musk-
scented is the South. . . . On the other side, they that
are faithless Wax in their hate and rancor and ever stir
grievous sedition and mischief. No day passeth but some
man raiseth the standard of revolt and spurs on his charger
into the arena of discord. At every hour the vile adder
bareth its fangs and scattereth its deadly venom.

