282 STAR OF THE WEST
which faces the avenue going down to the room, I mean, which
used to be an assembly room. Only two days before, We all had the feast
there and were served fine tea and cakes and fruit and candy. It was the feast
of the 26th of November which is called, I think, the day of the appointment
of the Center of the Covenant, or Ab-dul-Baha's day. Abdul-Baha stayed at
home, and he was not with us in body. Afterward the Krugs went in to call
upon the holy family, and thus they saw Abdul-Baha and he said to them, 
was with you in spirit, though not in body." No one thought then or conceived
the idea that he would pass 0-ut of the body that night.
But now I must assuredly close and finish this letter, although there
remains so much more to say. We hope to go verbally over all the details if
it is our destiny to reach California again.
The holy family says that although the Lord is not here any more except
in spirit, yet all are welcome here the same as before. To see the friends
and to receive them is one of the joys of their restricted lives here. But I told
them that no doubt soon the doors of travel would open to them, and their life's
desire to go to Persia may now soon be fulfilled.
Yesterday one of the Persian teachers said that if it were not for the
closing of the doors of suicide and the opening of the doors of many
Persian believers would now find life unendurable. As the expenditure of life
through is accepted before God, so we may soon hear of many Persian
Bahais killed; they will throw themselves recklessly into the stream of the con-
sequences of fearless open teaching.
We will send you as soon as we can obtain them some of the newspaper
articles. All else for the future.
Love to your mother and all the friends.
In El-Baha,
(Signed) LOUISE Boson.
_iai 
Allaho' Abha!
Haifa, Palestine, December 9, 1921.
Dearest Ella:
Enclosed please find the Arabic newspaper which contains the speeches made
at the holy burial of our Lord and Master on November 29th. He was buried at
9 a. m.--that is to say, the procession started from the holy household at 9 a. m.
This particular newspaper brings all the speeches that were made by the
Mohammedan clergy, as well as a speech made by a Frenchman who is a news-
paper correspondent. These speeches are remarkable, inasmuch as the be-
lievers had nothing at all to do with these speeches or with any newspaper
articles regarding the passing away of our Lord; no, rather all this is the
testimony of outsiders and opposers. So you must realize what this means,
when even the opposers came and testified to the greatness of Abdul-Baha and
to the sublimity of his life, and the purpose of his work, and the magnitude of
his aims. The ladies of the holy household were very much pleased with all
the speeches when they heard about them, and when they afterward read* them
See page 261 (English) and page 287 (Arabic).

