STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long, thou shalt .become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, 'become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Arms.
TABLET FRQM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of BAHA my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the West, they may become informed with the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Anus.
Editorial Stafi': ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Vol. 12 Eizzat 1, 77 (September s, 1921) No. 10
Tablet from Abdul-Baha regarding spelling of Sacred Name
To the maid-servant of God, Miss Jean Mas-son her be the Glory
of God, the Most Glorious of his honor, Mr. Roy Wilhelm (New
York) 
He Is God!
thou harbinger of the Kingdom!
Thy letter has been received. Its contents indicate that thou art occupied
in writing a book in answer to the one who has written against the Truth. Thou
asked as to how ye should spell in English the blessed name of His Holiness,
BAHA and also Mashreq'Ul-Azkar. Ye should spell them thus;
BAHA and Mashreq 'Ul-Azkar.
It is my hope that in writing this book thou wilt be confirmed. The lan-
guage, however, must be very lenient and mild. Thou shouldst write it with the
utmost politeness. Thou shouldst not look at the expressions of that hostile
person, because he was a man full of prejudice and very impolite. Anybody
who is endowed with a slight sense of fairness understands that what this person
has written is based 0-n the utmost self-interestedness and enmity. This very
fact is a suflicient proof showing his fallacy.
Unto thee be the Glory of Abha!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Translated by Aziz 'Ullah Khan S. Bahadur, Haifa, Palestine, April 29, 1921.)

Haifa, Palestine, due partly to the sickness of the Beloved
May 17, 1921. and partly to his thousand-sided occu-
Miss Jean Masson, pation. However, I am glad at last
My dear Bahai sister: there offered some opportunity when
I am sorry your letter to the Master your letter was presented and a Tablet
was kept so long unanswered. It was was revealed.

