STAR OF THE WEST 155
brought divine life and have established
spiritual organizations in the world, but
with the passage of time, as these organ-
izations have lost their spiritual power
and become forms of human
thought, the spiritual life of religion
becomes extinguished, and, as With the
fossil, only the external form remains.
The spiritual o-rganization of the Bahai
Cause is based upon divine doctrines,
and the living principles of God's King-
dom, and not upon external or human
forms and principles. In other words,
the Bahai Cause is not an inflexible or-
ganization, for it has life in it, and con-
sequently its details are ever changing
and moving, allowing growth and devel-
opment. Thus it may be truly said that
the Bahai Cause is not but
that it is organized.
In carrying on the Bahai Work, it is
necessary that we should organize our
institutions upon the divine plan out-
lined in the teaching, rather than accord-
ing to the standards of men. When the
work is thus spiritually organized, the
forms of organization are so supple as to
admit of limitless expansion and devel-
opment thus this spiritual organization
is ever ministering to the life and growth
of the Cause. However, if methods of
human organization creep into the Bahai
work, the growth of the Cause is ham-
pered, and troubles ensue, and such con-
tinue until the cause is removed. When
an iron band is placed around a living
tree one of two things happen; if the
b-and remains intact it kills the tree or
seriously impairs its life; or, the growth
of the tree bursts asunder the band. So
it is with the Bahai Cause and the limi-
tations of human thought. The life of
the Cause will be impaired unless these
human fetters give way, allowing the
Cause to grow. and develop after the
divine plan of the Kingdom. The re-
vealed utterances ef the Revelation are
the basis of all activities amongst the
Bahais. A careful study of these prin-
ciples is necessary in order that they be
put into effect in the working of the
Cause.
As explained in the revealed Words,
the duty of a spiritual board of consul-
tation is to meet in the spirit of the
Kingdom in order to apply the divine
principles of the Abha Kingdom to the
various problems which are continually
arising in the administration of the
Cause. In order to attain the best ro-
sults in consultation, each of the mem-
bers of the board should be well in-
formed regarding the divine commands
in order that with love and oneness of
spirit they may unite in carrying out
these holy instructions in the workings
of the assembly.
For example, when any special prob-
lem presents itself for solution, it is well
to make a study of the holy "Words per-
taining to the question. Then, when
these words are familiar to all the
friends of the consultation body and
their hearts are freed from the self, they
will be spiritually guided in their con-
sultations and deliberations, and the re-
sult will be good for the well-being and'
the growth of the Cause.
According to the Bahai standard, the
first requisite for the board of spiritual
consultation in an assembly of friends
is that the members should be firm in
the Covenant and Well versed and strong
in the teachings and in the principles
of the Bahai Cause, and that they should
have proved themselves worthy of the
responsibility of membership on this
board by a record of steadfastness and
service to the Covenant. For this rea-
son it has been found better to place
people on the bodies of spiritual consul-
tation who have had such experience in
the Cause and whose record of service
and ste-adfastness is well known and es-
tablished beyond a doubt.
The second requisite for membership
on these spiritual boards is that the
members should be able to work to-
gether and to co-operate in service. That
is to say, for example, they should be
(Continued on page 158)

