STAR OF WEST 119
Mr. VVilliam H. Randall was the first
speaker. He said: "If we let t.hese
ideals so beautifully expressed come
down into the heart they will be a
glorious reality. The door of the heart
of humanity has been opened and we
find love and love. My note is the power
of God. "Te live too much in the past.
This is a new age. Let us live according
to its ideals. Severance, service and
selflessness are the three Graces of the
new day. God gives us these as a ban-
ner of peace to the World of humanity.
God is looking down upon this conven-
tion. His spirit sees in you the univer-
sal reality. The real king is the law of
God. However much we love demoe-
racy, let us not forget the sovereignty
of God. Our true freedom is allegiance
to this sovereignty. As We give our-
selves to it we enter the age of spiritual
citizenship for the whole world. This is
what Christ meant When He told men
to pray that the Kingdom of Heaven
might become visible upon earth."
Miss Martha Root read letters from
Lieut. Gen. Nelson A. Miles and the
Rev. Dr. MacComb of Baltimore each
expressing hearty approval of the con-
vention's Work and regretting their en-
forced absence.
Dr. C. Sumner \7Vormley, with his
wonderful voice, sang two solos and re-
sponded to an encore.
Mirza Ahmad Sohrab, presenting the
subject, "Bible Prophecies of Universal
Brotherhood," said, will not discuss
prophecies in detail, but try to convey
their spirit. The Bible is the book of
brotherhood and universality. Take the
opening teaching, 'Let there be light!'
This does not refer to the light of the
physical sun, but rather, let there be
the light of intelligence, understanding,
sympathy. These will bring into one 's
life regeneration and the uplift for
which humanity strives. All the pro-
phets taught the law of brotherhood.
They were heralds of the Message of
God. They were the Light of God. The
points of difference among men are far
less than the points upon which they
agree. If we give proper emphasis to
the points of contact, it will be the means
of ushering in the Kingdom of God upon
earth."
By the chairman: "These wonderful
teachings are not the exclusive property
of the scholarly and wise. But the
humble and weak who live and share
them with others attain a; station of
exaltation. 
Saturday evening, the closing session
of the convention, the chairman, 
Howard MacNutt, read:
Children of Men! Do ye know
why We have created ye from one
clay"? That no one should glorify him-
self over the other. Be ye ever mindful
of how ye Were created. Since "Te
created ye all from the same substance,
ye must be as one soul, walking with
the same feet, eating with one mouth
and living in one land, that ye may
manifest with your being and by your
deeds and actions, the signs of unity and
the spirit of oneness. This is My coun-
sel to ye, people of Lights! There-
fore follovv it that ye may attain the
fruits of holiness from the Tree of
Might and Power."
The chairman said, "This, we may say
at the end, has been a Pentecostal con-
vention. For only the power of the Holy
Spirit can blend these two races to-
gether. On the program you will find
the words of Christ, and also those of
Abdul-Baha, teaching love and unity.
Race with race and man with man, we
must abandon prejudices to reach unity.
Vile must form a real brotherhood, and
for this the divine fabric is love."
Mrs. Coralie Franklin Cook, a Bahai
and a member of the "Washingtoii Board
of Education, made a fine address on
"Negro Poets." Beginning with 
\Vheatley, an African slave girl who was
in the 18th century found in a Boston
slave inarliet and bought by a kind-
hearted lady who educated her, and who
(Continued on page 123.')

