STAR OF THE WEST 199
September 6, 19,90
On Sunday afternoon the Master said
to us, "Tomorrow, I am sending you to
Acca 1" and his smile was light itself.
\Ve left the Pilgrim House at about
8:00 a. m. _Zia Khanum, Mehranges,
Riaz, of the Master's household and
Esfendiar, called for us. Mrs. Hoagg
and we four people added five more to
the group.- With joy in our hearts we
began the two hours' drive to Acca.
Down through the narrow streets we
rode, and then eastward past the railway
station. We passed through a grove of
tall palm trees, and down to the shore.
At last! that beautiful "way of the sea,"
toward the Holy City, Aoca! How often
we had read of the journey along the
white sand, where the horses' hoofs play
in and out of the water, as they follow
the hard-packed sand at the sea's very
edge. We watched the waves rush up
and then back, sweeping with them tiny
sea animals. We passed trains of camels
and donkeys, all on that universal high-
way "not made with hands."
\Ve thought of all the happy, longing
pilgrims who have gone to Acca by that
same "way." Doubly happy were we
that our Master was living safely in his
own house in Haifa, and not as a pris-
oner in Aoca!
Always ahead of us was a glimpse of
Acca, which shone more clearly as our
three horses trotted along the shore. To
the East, the hills of Lebanon were pur-
ple in the distance. 
As we neared Ac-ca, Mrs. Hoagg
pointed out the walls, the gate, the ceme-
tery where some of the Bahais of that
group of exiles are buried. Finally Zia
Khanum pointed out the tower of the
barracks.
Outside the gate we halted, for one of
our horses had lost a shoe. The black-
smith was sitting under a tree, with his
tools about him. But at Esfendiar's re-
quest he came and put on the needed
shoe. While we waited. we looked at the
high wall of the city, which showed how
much a prison city it had been. The
walls were high and thick; the gate was
small, and beyond the outer wall was
a second inner wall. A long train of
camels passed us, going into the city,
and one tiny donkey, heavily loaded,
came out! People in oriental garb
drifted by us, a11d glanced at us curi-
ously, but not i11 unfriendly fashion. I
remembered the showers of stones from
small boys with which the Bahai pil-
grims to Acca used to be greeted, and
I meditated on the changes that time
brings!
We entered the gate, passed between
the two walls for at distance, and on into
the town. Esfendiar stopped the horses
at the foot of a long flight of steps. It
was the way to the barracks. At the
head of the stairway a soldier met us,
and conducted us about, for the barracks
are now occupied by a few soldiers.
This man looked like an Arab, "but he
was under British orders, I think. He
led us through many winding passages,
showing us several places in which we
had no special interest. But finally he
led the way to the tower on the west
side of the court, the tower where
BAI-IA was imprisoned for two
long years. Zia Khanum told us of the
various places associated with Bahai
history. She showed us the room where
BAHA had lived, the window
from which He had looked out upon the
plain of Acca. She showed us the
rooms where the immediate family had
lived, and the roof from which the
Purest Branch fell. The rooms were
small, rude; a sad exchange for the royal
palaces of Persia, as far as physical com-
fort was concerned. Yet joy was there,
because they might suffer hardship in
the service of God. To have been there
in the days of BAHA that
privilege one might h.ave been able to
bea.r much!
Afterwards we crossed the large court,
(Continued on page 203)

