166 STAR OF THE WEST
ships,--these women with smiling faces
who welcomed us so cordially.
After a time, how long I cannot tell,
--someone came and announced dinner.
The ladies said "good night," for they
do not come to the table where the men
pilgrims are. We were taken out into
a big, big room, which had a long table
down the center. Many men came filing
in and seated themselves. There were
probably twenty or thirty at the table.
Later we learned that five religions, and
six or seven nationalities were repre-
sented. Ohristians, Mohammedans,
Buddhists, Zoroastrians, met
in love and unity at the table of our
Master. Egyptian, Persian, Arab, Bur-
mese, Japanese, American, Parsee, Turk,
--and perhaps other nationalities were
infinitely happy because they had found
the joy that passeth understanding,--
because they were the guests of Ab-dul-
Baha! One does not remember words
here, but the atmosphere of joy and
peace is unforgetable.
As we were leaving the house, Rouhi
Effendi, who had just co-me down from
the mountain, brought word that the
Master would either come down, or send
for us the next day.
At the Pilgrim House we sat out on
the porch in the moonlight and talked
until almost ten then went
to our rooms to pass our first night in
the Holy Land! I slept peacefully, and
the night was all the more beautiful be-
cause I woke several times for a few
minutes of happy realization that we
were at last in Haifa,--in the "land of
heart 's desire!"
September 2, 1920.
To waken in the Pilgrim House in
Haifa is a very, very happy experience!
From our west windows we could catch
a glimpse of the Tomb of the Bab, and
how eagerly we looked up at it, know-
ing that there the Master was dwelling;
there was the memorial to the wonderful
young herald of our Faith, the Supreme
Bab.
Breakfast in the Pilgrim House comes
at seven o'clock. It is a simple, friendly
meal. The food consisted of tea, toast,
poached eggs, honey and cheese. And
the lovely companionship of the friends!
There were the seven of us who slept in
the House, and Said Effendi and Mirza
Lotfullah always came in and had break-
fast with us. Mirza Lotfullah came down
from the mountain each morning, bring-
ing handfuls of jasmine blossoms from
the garden of the Tomb, and these he
strewed on the table. They were a
lovely reminder of the spiritual frag-
rance of that spot!
After breakfast on that morning I
was sitting in our room praying. Cora
was writing at the table, the door into
the living-room was open and the va-
rious sounds of the household drifted in
to us. I was having a very happy time
reading some of the prayers in the little
prayer-book, and also in praying for the
friends who Were not there with us. I
found myself bathed in a wonderful
atmosphere of love and peace. It was
like nothing I had ever experienced! It
was not supernatural, in the sense of
seeming queer or strange. It Was simply
an all-pervading peace and calm that
seemed to fill my whole heart and spirit.
I seemed to be at one with all the beauty
and joy and light in the universe. Thus,
I think, some ray_ of love from the
Master's thought prepared me for meet-
ing him that day.
At lunch Rouhi Effendi brought word
that we were to- go up to the Tomb at
about four in the afternoon, to see the
Master! After lunch we all Went and
rested for an hour and a half. That is
part of the day's program always. At
three o'elock came tea, another invari-
able occurrence.
As the hour drew near when we
were to go up the "Mountain of the
Lord," to meet Abdul-Baha, I remem-
bered one evening we had spent with

