STAR OF THE IVEST 55
sovereignty were flung wide open to our
face.
"Outwardly a prisoner, once en-
chained and once under the draW11
sword, yet in reality wielding an influ-
ence and exerting a power over his
friends and entourage, whether foes or
  ilk'! 1 . 
., 
i" 
The Bahjee and Tomb of Baha'o'1lal1
followers, that kings might envy and
emperors sigh for in vain! Governors
and mayors, generals and local offi-
cials would repeatedly request the favor
of attaining the court of His Presence,
but this favor would not be granted.
At last the governor-general of the city
implored this favor on the ground of
his being ordered from higher author-
ities to meet, in company with a _cer-
tain general, the Blessed Perfection.
The request being granted, the general,
who was a corpulent, fleshy person, was
so humbled and struck by the majestic,
awe-inspiring presence of His Holiness
that he remained kneeling on the ground
very close to the door, although that
posture was unbearably difficult for him.
It was only after repeated insistence of
that the General complied
with the blessed wish and accepted the
nargileh [pipe or hubble-bubble] that
was offered him, and then he only
touched it with his lips, put it aside,
crossed his arms, dropped his head and
sat in silence close to his companion.
"Other and numerous instances go to
show that it was not confinement but
sovereignty which was exhibited by the
Blessed Beauty 's conduct and activities.
The conduct of friends, the humbleness
and sense of reverence and awe which
they manifested, the officials and nota-
bles, the bustle that reigned outside and
around the place of resi-
dence, the infiux of pilgrims and out-
siders, the spirit of devotion and serv-
ice that was manifest everywhere; the
majestic and royal countenance of the
Blessed Perfection, the effectiveness of
his words, the power of his command,
the extent of his retinue, the number of
his zealous devotees--all theseassured
beyond the shadow of a doubt, a certain
Mohammedan orderly of a Bahai pil-
grim who had come from Persia to meet
He thought, assuredly
this person wields a prestige parallel to
if not surpassing that of Nassered-din
Shah. He was at least convinced that
this mighty personage was not a king
but a prisoner in exile.
"This is why it has at repeated in-
Garden in front of the Tomb oi Baha'o'1I-ah
stances been stated by His Holiness
that 'Verily, verily, the
most wretched prison has been converted
into a Paradise of Eden.' 
(This talk of Abdul-Baha was taken
from Shoghi's diary, dated June 13,
1919.)

