312 STAR OF THE WEST
Harris received from Abdul-Baha a
Tablet containing the following:
"Praise be to God that the means
of thy trip are b-rought about . . . .
Convey on my behalf the utmost aifec-
tion to his honor Mr. Hoar. That per-
son is my beloved. I have the greatest
love for him, and am always engaged
in his remembrance," and While Mr.
Harris was in Acca on his way to India,
Abdul-Baha. led him into his own room
where a cabinet sized photograph of
Mr. Hoar hung on the Wall, and stand-
ing before his photograph, his face
beaming With love, the Master pointed
to it and said in English, love Mr.
good man." And Mr.
Hoar's love for Abdul-Baha was intense.
It was, in fact, the shock of the news of
the Master's departure that hastened his
death. He had been ill for several
months, and in pain most of the time,
having to sleep at night sitting in a
chair, but brave and uncomplaining,
confident of his recovery, planning the
things that he was going to do fo-r the
Cause when he was again upon his feet,
and making progress in overcoming his
sickness; but when the news of Abdul-
Baha's departure came, he seemed to
lose heart and weakened perceptibly
day by day. Upon the receipt of the
news he sobbed like a child and said,
"My friend is gone." His wife, speak-
ing of this, said, "His supplications to
Him were the most beautiful I have
ever heard. From that time on I could
see that he lost ground and the day of
his passing he told Dorothy (his
daughter) that he felt so near that other
shore at times."
I cannot close this article any more
appropriately than to quote the words
of his wife in a letter to me:
have rarely seen such fortitude
under such suffering. Never a word of
complaint. He grew so patient and
tender, and spoke so lovingly of many
of the friends."
That one should die supplicating at
the Supreme Threshold because of grief
at the departure of Abdul-Baha, and
with his heart filled with love for the
friends of the Great what
greater glory can there be than this?
Hooper Harris.
 
DR. MOSES L. MURPHY.
Our devoted brother, Dr. Moses L.
Murphy, of Louisville, Ky., passed away
June 27, 1921. He received the mes-
sage during the visits of the Bahai
teachers and with Mrs. Della Murphy,
his wife, became aflame with the good
news. He read the Word extensively
and became active in guiding souls. His
home was a center. He entertained with
generous hospitality the teachers and
visiting friends. On a memorable occa-
sion, enabe F'azel, Mother Beecher,
Mirza Ahmad and others, met a brilliant
company around his board. He loved
and served people of various races and
religions.
Although in poor health, he jour-
neyed to Chicago to attend the conven-
tion of 1921 and found great joy. He
had a large circle of friends and the
Bahais especially showed him great love.
Aware of the end of his mortal life, he
calmly gave directions to his faithful
wife. Two>> days before the end, he re-
ported that he saw Abdul-Baha. He
was firm and unshrinking.
A member of the colored race, his
success in both material and spiritual
affairs was a credit to the human family
and an ornament to the Divine Cause.
Upon him be the mercy of God!
Louis G. Gregory.
 
GEORGE HURLBURT ALBERTSON
Born, West Middlesex, Pa., March 27, 1872.
Died, Washington, D. C., March 3, 1921.

