STAR OF
Freedom from tl1e tales of the past 1s
the best attitude for the seeker to com-
prehend the great message, which is com-
mensurate with the needs and maturity
of the age. It arises from the Cause of
causes and the Reason of reasons. Man
must comprehend the realities. Inde-
pendent investigation brings vision. This
is a supreme power given to man which
he must use for himself. In the King-
dom of Divinity no substitutes are
allowed.
"Identity and quality are one. Truth
is quality, but not duality. It is absolute
unity. Our relationship to God is one
with our relationship to Truth. The
Spirit of God is one identity i11 every
respect. It cannot be comprehended, but
we may know something about its quali-
ties. All that the learned can do is to
demonstrate the existence of an invisible
a11d abstract God. But knowledge of
God and existence are not interchange-
able terms.
says, 'Unless the truth-
seeker destroys with the fire of sever-
ance the veils which are conventional
among the people, he will never compre-
hend the ideal truth.' The bounty of
real truth has no connection with ac-
quired learning. Let us rend asunder
the veils, finding the common but subtle
inter-position between man and truth.
"VVhat is spiritual life or religion? It
is simply the attitude by which society
is preserved. When the Sun is dimmed
and the Moon ceases to give her light, the
cycle is renewed. Taking a backward
glance, it becomes apparent that these
manifestations have preceded times of
great difficulty and disaster. Because
their messages are strange, men fail to
see them as the Manifestations of God's
own commandsstum-
bling block and to the Greeks foolish-
ness.' To the Christian it appears as a
limitation. But 'Verily, I am God!' is
the voice of the Manifestation. This
mighty personality is the Temple of God.
The attributes of the sun were in the
sun before they came to earth. So the
WEST
qualities were in God before they came
to us. Therefore to know the Manifesta-
tion is to know God. Prayer is reality, a
name for the Manifestation of God.
Enter this door of reality! Investigate!
The knowledge is yours! Take nothing
les-s than the image and superscription
of God! He created us to know Him.
Faith and trust in Him will overpower
all the sciences and metaphysics of the
day. It is the soul of man that takes the
flight, proving the call and attaining the
station."
["The Oneness of was the
subject of the splendid address by Mr.
Louis G. Gregory, the writer of this ar-
ticle. His modesty grues us cm, oppor-
tunity to express this brief word of op-
Editors]
The address of a11abe Fazel followed.
(See page 82.)
Morning.
Janabe Fazel said: "Many problems
are to be discussed in a short time.
Praise be to God, that the delegates are
all in a spirit of love and amity, and all
deliberations will be in that spirit. The
Mashreq'ul-Azkar, teaching, and publi-
cations are some of the matters to be
considered. The confirmations of Abdul-
Baha are with these sincere souls. Abdul-
Baha says, 'Forget personal likes and
dislikes. The Holy Spirit Will descend
upon thee and the wings of light be
given, so that you may soar in the atmos-
phere of reality.' My advice is to turn
all hearts to Abdul-Baha and to suppli-
cate for perfect unity.
"Upon my arrival in America last
year it was my joy to enter the Conven-
tion and to feel the spirituality of the
friends. Now, after twelve months, I
expect to find you i11 even a greater de-
gree of love and unity. During my
extensive tour the Mashreq'ul-Azkar has
been found to be one of the greatest
teachers of the Cause of 
Whenever presented to an audience, in-
numerable souls rushed to the platform
and said they had read about it. Now
that the model is selected, ways and
87

