36 STAR OF THE WEST
News from the Near from Elizabeth H. Stewart
Bagdad, Mesopotamia.
January 22, 1921.
Miss Alma E. Albertson, Chicago.
My dear sister in the love of El-Abha:
While I am waiting here for my per-
mission of transports up into Persia,
I am writing all my friends. Have
been here a week and expected to leave
tonight, but received word my permis-
sion had not passed the General some-
body, and until that is accomplished I
must sit here and do nothing and wait.
Poor Dr. Moody is waiting for me in
Teheran. She loaned me for four
months to an English lady going home
with her children who had twin babies
only six weeks old. I went with her
as far as Port Said. From there she
went on to England, While I got per-
mission from Abdul-Baha to come up
to Haifa. I expected to be gone only
about four months, but on account of
delays it will be six months before I get
back. In Bombay I got malaria, some-
thing I never had before a11d when I
reached" Haifa was ill in bed. I was
forty blessed days there, then started for
home. At Port Said Waited nine days
for ship, but it was full first and sec-
ond class so I concluded I would try
third, as two Bahais from Bombay,
Janabi Esphandiar, his wife Bahno
Khanum and their two children were
returning that way. They were Parsee
believers who had been nine months in
and around fathers and
mother live there. VVell, we started
third class--if it had only been clean it
Would not have been so bad. Added to
the general filth of the boat, We had
vermin of all kinds and the food Was
very heavy so the dear kind brother and
sister took pity on me and as they were
cooking for. themselves, included me. I
never shall forget their great big gen-
erous hearts--not a selfish thought. They
were like two good angels until we
reached Bombay.
There I found they were getting
ready for an All-India Bahai Conven-
tion. I found gathered there from
north, from south, east and west, Hin-
doo, Burmese, Parsee, Musselman, Jew
and Christian. It was inspiring indeed
to hear these different ones speaking in
all languages and from the standpoint
of their holy book proving to the world
today that this is the Day of God. Many
questions were asked and answered and
all seemed satisfied with the answers
given. Truly this Convention will be
the means of preparing India for the
coming of Abdul-Baha. Mirza Mah-
mood was the instrumental one a11d as
soon as Abdul-Baha gave him permis-
sion, all the others gathered around him
and they were as one soul in many bod-
ies. I think before this they have writ-
ten an article for the STAR. Mr. Shirazi
presided and got out of a sick bed to
do so. Mr. Vakil, Mr. Hashmatollah,
Prof. Pritam Singh, anabi Seyed Mus-
taffa, two young men from Burmah,
with an old man filled with the 
in fact, all the speakerswere intoxicated
with the wine of the Spirit. I felt so
thankful that Abdul-Baha had per-
mitted me to get there at such a time.
While the trip on the boat was not
pleasant this repaid it all, and then I
contracted with some people on the
steamer whose kind I had not seen
before. All over the ship was Lenine's
picture and one of the deck hands said
if they did not get better food they
would stop the ship. But we did not
have any such troubles~--thank God! No-
body is thinking 'of helping his brother,
it is all for self and God is not in it
at all.
I suppose by this time you have seen
Mrs. Goodall and Mrs. Cooper. They
expected to return by way of Chicago.
It was perfectly lovely to be in Haifa
the same time they were thereand Mrs.
Frankland and Mrs. Ralston, also dear
Emogene Hoagg, Arthur Redeen and

