STAR OF THE WEST 103
The Removal of Race Prejudice
Excerpts from the Holy Utterances of and 
Compiled by hi. H. and M. M.
From the Uttercmces of 
desire but the good of the World
and the happiness of the nations;
yet they deem us a stirrer up of strife
and sedition, worthy of bondage and
banishment . . . . . that all na-
tions shall become one in faith and
all men as brothers; that the bonds of
affection and unity between the sons of
men shall be strengthened; that diver-
sity of religion shall cease, and differ-
e11ces of race be annulled. What harm
is there in this? Yet so it shall be;
these fruitless strifes, these ruinous Wars
shall pass away and the "Most Great
Peace" shall come. Is not this that
which Christ foretold? Yet do we see
your kings and rulers lavishing their
treasures more freely 011 means for the
destruction of the human race than
on that which would conduce to the hap-
piness of mankind . . . . . these
strifes and this bloodshed and discord
must cease, and all men be as one kin-
dred and one family.
Let 11ot a man glory in this, that he
loves his country. Let him rather
glory in this, that he loves his kind
humanity) .
ye discerning ones of the people!
Verily, the Words which have descended
from the heaven of the Will of God are
the source of unity and harmony for
the world. Close your eyes to racial dif-
ferences and welcome all with the light
of oneness. Be the cause of the comfort
and the advancement of humanity. This
handful of dust, the World, is one home;
let it be in unity. Forsake pride; it is a
cause of discord. Follow that which
tends to harmony.
From the Uttera/noes of ABDUL-BAHA.
ye dear ones of Abdul-Baha!
In the World of existence the meeting
is blessed when the white and colored
races meet together with infinite spirit-
ual love and heavenly harmony. When
such meetings are established and the
participants associate with each other
with perfect united love and kindness,
the angels of the Kingdom praise them
and the Beauty of ad-
dresses them: "Blessed are ye! And
again, blessed are ye!"
(From a Tablet to Mr. Louis G. Greg-
ory, "Tashington, D. G):
thou Wooer of Truth!
Thy letter was received. contents
indicated thy attainment to the Most
Great Guidance. Thank thou God that
thou hast attained to such a bounty,
discovered the faith of the Kingdom
and received the glad-tidings of the uni-
verse of the Most High. This divine
bestowal is conducive to thy everlasting
glory in both worlds.
I hope that thou mayest become the
herald of the Kingdom; become the
means whereby the White and colored
people shall close their eyes to racial
differences and behold the reality of hu-
is the universal unity
which is the oneness of the kingdom of
the human race, the basic harmony of
the World and the appearance of the
bounty of the Almighty.
In brief, do thou not look upon thy
weak body and thy limited capacity;
look thou upon the bounties of the Lord
of the Kingdom, for His confirmation is
great and His power unparalleled and
(Continued on page 106)

