Z18 STAR OF THE WEST
blessed presence in America next Riz-
wan to lay the co-rner-stone of the Mash-
req 'Ul-Azkar.
On June 25, 1921, a blessed Tablet
was revealed to Miss Irene C. Holmes
of New York City concerning the spot
dedicated by His Holiness Abdul-Baha
in 1912 on the Temple site. We realize
that many of the friends have been con-
cerned about the essential preservation
of this holy place; some of them have
believed it to be the center of the struc-
ture, but' all believe that it should be
permanently enshrined and preserved
for future generations. In the Tablet
to Miss Holmes the Master mentions this
spot as the corner-stone. It is in reality
about four feet inside the outer wall of
the Temple (as per sketch herewith).
We have supplicated concerning this
that the American friends might have
the privilege of placing therein symbols
of the Center of the Covenant and such
suitable decoration as he might approve,
so that it might be accessible to future
centuries as a shrine or special holy
place in the edifice. It is hoped that
this spot, wherein the small stone was
placed in 1912, together with the gold
trowel* which the Master referred to in
the Tablet to Miss Holmes, may become
a part of the corner-stone itself, and .in
our supplication we have mentioned this
to Abdul-Baha.
It is almost unnecessary to say that
no calamity could be greater than that
the treasury should be without the nec-
essary funds to clear up the pending
contract and the incidental matters
which must necessarily be finished prior
to the laying of the corner-stone next
spring. Let us make our gifts com-
mensurate with the degree of love and
unity which our capacity shall attract
in these wonderful moments.
trowel may be placed in
the bronze box made by Mr. Remey some
years Editors.
Recent Tablets referring to the Mashreq 'Ul-Azkar
To the maid-servant of God, Irene C. her be the Glory of God,
the Most Glorious of Mr. Roy C. Wilhelm.
He Is The Most Glorious!
thou who art heavenly!
If, with the consultation of the Executive Board and its approval, thou
shouldst polish the stone I laid in the Mashreq 'Ul-Azkar and engrave on it,
its story, so that it may become the corner-stone of the Mashreq 'Ul-Azkar, it
would be permissible. On the condition, however, that -it would be with the
approval of the Executive Board; because I have referred all the affairs of the
Mashreq 'Ul-Azkar to the Convention. I hope that through the bounties of God,
Mr. Roy Wilhelm, Mr. Remey, Mr. Latimer, Mrs. Corinne True and thou, all
will be confirmed in the service of the Mashreq 'Ul-Azkar.
Unto thee be Abha Glory!
(Translated by Rouhi M. Afnan, Haifa,
I (Signed) ABDUL-BAI-IA ABBAS.
Palestine, June 25, 1921.)
Through the revered maid-servant of
God, Mrs. Corinne True, Chicago--.be greet-
ing and praise!
He Is God!
thou who art a servant at the Thres-
hold of God.
Thy letter has been' received. From
its flowers of significance the fragrance
of truthfulness and straightforwardness
was perceived. It is my hope that thou
will remain in faith and in the Covenant
firm and steadfast.
Thou hast touched upon the question

