 STAR OF THE WEST
I made the visit in company with Dr.
Naurollah Khan and his wife and young
son, an old lady, who has been in the
blessed presence of and
some others. One of the young women
chanted the visiting Tablet in a very
sweet voice and again, dear Alma, I
could bow my head at His Threshold.
How blessed I have been, I cannot be
thankful enoughifor all the mercy of
God that I have received. Another
day one of the Young men came and
took me to the Garden of Rizwanf that
is in another part of Bagdad. At the
present time the English have the gar-
den and have erected a splendid building
upon the grounds and have a large hos-
pital. Being a nurse, I had no trouble
getting in, but they have put up so many
buildings and laid the grounds out, until
no one knows just where the sacred spot
is. It is situated very near the river.
I could go from my hotel, which is on
the river, by boat to the garden as well
as drive there by carriage for one rupee,
or about thirty cents in American
money.
I have written you such a book, you
may grow tired reading, but I have time
here. When I leave here will be travel-
ing every day, first by train from here
to a place called Quirito, then from there
to Teheran by auto convoy, sometimes
thirty or forty machines in the convoy
going up over the mountains,>> which now
are covered with snow, and everyone
coming in says it is very cold. I bought
a large coat, they make them of sheep
skin, turning the skin side out, and it
*The garden of Najeeb Pasha has
four gates, north, south, east and west.
Four roads lead from these gates to the
center. It was at the intersection of
these roads that pitched
his tent and proclaimed himself. The
roads were lined on either side with
cypress trees and between these trees,
all spaces were filled with the famous
fragrant by Abdul-
Baha to Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi.
is all decorated, the color being yellow.
The name of this is pustine. I shall put
that on, then wrap up in blankets, have
a hot water bottle, which I shall lay in
my lap for my hands and then feel as
if I were ready. We take our lunchbox
with us and teapot and tea, stopping at
post houses, get hot. water for tea and
draw on 0ne's lunchbox. Going in a
convoy is very slow traveling a11d it may
take us from ten to fourteen days to
reach Teheran, stopping at night at post
houses. There are about six hundred
miles to cover in this way, and one pass
is 1,784 feet high. Traveling in Persia
is not play. When I came down this
Way last fall the roads were fine, we
were in a private car and made splendid
distance each day. I enjoyed every min-
ute of it. In each city we pass through
I hope to see the friends. Here you see
the great tie of the love of God, for I
go into a city not knowing a person and
after I visit the address given me, I am
not in want of a friend, in fact, I have
a hundred new brothers and sisters all
giving me a Warm welcome; and espe-
cially coming right from Abdul-Baha,
they Want to know all the news. The
holy household all long to go to Persia
and see all the dear believers there.
I suppose you know about the passing
of dear Lillian Kappes from typhus
fever. It has happened since I started
back. Abdul-Baha sent me word by a
pilgrim who was returning, so any more
than the fact I do not know. \lVhat a
glorious crown she will receive, for she
has done a splendid work in the school
during these years. For her dear mother
and family my heart is sad. But what
difference does it make if one is work-
ing here or there for the Cause. God
knows where we can do the best work,
a11d our lives are in His hands. I thank
Him for it all, whatever may be our lot
and wherever we may be, here or there.
This is the Day of God, and there is
nothing else but that. May my life be
a sacrifice to His feet and to the life of
the friends.

