254 STAR OF THE WEST
representation at the funeral, and to
make all possible arrangements needed
by the family and friends at Haifa and
Ace-a-.
Sir Geedes, First Secretary
to the High Commissioner, Palestine,
has been cabled privately to the same
effect. Mr. Shoughi Rabbani, Abdul-
Baha's grandson now in England is re-
turning to Haifa immediately.
The Times obituary notice has been
arranged and every effort is being made
to prevent inaccuracies or misstatements
appearing, in this or any other news-
paper.
If the friends in England would wish
any other steps taken at this juncture
will they communicate with the under-
signed, who joins with them in human
sorrow for the beloved departed, but
who rejoices to know that a peaceful
passing has crowned the life of one of
the Great Spiritual Sons of Humanity.
W. Tudor-Pole.
Words of Abdul-Baha to Early American Bahais.
(Continued from page 251)
on one condition; that their hearts be
filled with the fire of love, that they live
in perfect kindness a.nd harmony like one
soul in difierent bodies, like one soul in
difierent bodies. If they fail in this
condition the great blessings will be de-
ferred. Never forget this; look at one
another with the of perfection; look
at me, follow me, be as I am; take no
thought for yourselves or your lives,
whether ye eat or whether ye sleep,
whether ye are comfortable, whether ye
are well or ill, whether ye are with
friends or foes, whether ye receive
praise or blame; for all of these
things ye must care not at tall.
Look must
die to yourselves and to the world, so
shall ye be born again and enter the
kingdom of heaven. Behold a candle
how it gives light. It weeps its life away
drop by drop in order to give forth its
flame of light. . . . The time has come
when we must part, but the separation
is only of our bodies; in spirit we are
united forever."
F'rom Utterances of ABDUL-BAI-IA to
Pilgrims in 1905:
"If you should receive news in Amer-
ica that I have been thrown into the sea
or carried away to an unknown place, if
you should receive word that I have been
tortured and not, grieve
not; nay, rather, be more firm, be more
rejoiced, and let your steadfastness grow
and increase. For our meeting-place is
the Kingdom of God. There shall we
meet. I am always in great danger.
Perhaps in an hour a telegram may
come and everything here be changed.
Therefore, hold fast to the Cause of
God; be firm, whether I am in this world
or not. Wherever I may be--here or in
the next world--I will always ask as-
sistance for you."
a
Extract from a Tablet from ABDUL-BAHA
elated December 30, 1905 
"If thou question regarding the trials
and difiiculties of Abdul-Baha--that is
a sea boundless, full of storms and surg-
ing. But Abdul-Baha is in perfect
peace and composure and in complete
joy and happiness and tranquillity; nay,
it is for him a ready banquet and an
adorned feast. I hope that at the end
of this feast and banquet the overflowing
chalice of will come around
to him, and then will he be intoxicated
by that wine.
"But as to you. You must not look
at the catastrophes of Abdul-Baha. Gon-
sider power and strength, and Withstand
the world for the sake of the love of
Abdul-Baha. Bear the persecution of
the enemies and the blame of those who
oppose. Under all conditions My soul
and My life shall abide with you in this
world as well as the worlol above."

