STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, ,that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. l2 Jalal 1, 77 (April 9, 1921) No. 
Breaking ground for the Foundation of the
Mashreq'ul-Azkar
BY CARL SCHEFFLER
IN the early afternoon on March 21st, Nauro0z"" day, 1921, a small group of
the friends in Chicago made their way to 'Wilmette, to witness the begin-
ning of the actual work of constructing the first Mashreq'ul-Azkar in America.
When they arrived at the grounds, they found several large trucks being un-
loaded by workmen,- and on coming closer they found that the engineers had
driven stakes in the ground to locate the places where the caissons are to be
sunk to bed rock 120 feet beneath the surface.
All of the believers there were very happy in the thought that this start
in construction meant a great success and achievement, and without a doubt a
step that would bring a decided advance in the progress of the Cause of God
in this country. This beginning of the Work must fill all hearts with joy and
courage to Work harder than ever before to bring it to an early completion.
It is a Wonderful sign of the majesty and power of the Cause of 
in that, in spite of all prison Walls, in the short space of seventy years, it has
spread to all parts of the world, and in America to such an extent that such
a building could be raised. It is without a doubt a great miracle. For already
We are beginning to feel a stir among the people of the world because of it.
It is a sign from heaven that is causing all to ask and wonder. Did not Abdul-
Baha, years ago, tell us that the stones would be raised up to spread the Cause
of God"? Certainly "He doeth whatsoever He willeth."
After the Work of unloading the materials was completed, all present
gathered around the place where the main doorway, the entrance, which
from the center of the building will be directly in line With Haifa, and turning
their hearts toward God, they raised their voices in praise and thanksgiving
for the great was bestowed on them. There was a brief ceremony,
the Holy Utterances were read, and then each one in turn followed Dr. Bagdadi
in breaking the ground.
That was the start. Since then Work has not ceased. The great Wells
are swiftly being sunk and at present they are over 60 ft. deep. May God give
strength to those workmen, and an eternal blessing, and let us all arise to do
our part, and with strengthened faith and greater sacrifice hasten the glorious
work.
*'-'Feast of Naurooz--Bahai New Year's day.

