STAR OF THE WEST 219
of the Mashreq 'Ul-Azkar. The impor-
tance of the Mashreq 'Ul-Azkar cannot
be confined within any measure or limit,
because it is the first divine institution
in that vast continent, and from this
Mashreq 'Ul-Azkar which is now in the
process of construction, a hundred-thou-
sand Mashreq 'Ul-Azkars will be born in
the future. Therefore, it is very impor-
tant. As its cost of construction, how-
ever, will amount to a huge sum of
money, its construction cannot be accom-
plished in a short time.
Every meeting (in the Cause) whose
formation is permitted. and sanctioned
by Abdul-Baha is accepted and favored
'by God, otherwise, it produces no result
and bears no fruit, nay rather, it gives
rise to the distraction of minds. I have
no difference with anybody. I am busy
in servitude to the Threshold of BAHA
Everybody who agrees with me,
I feel attached to him.
Eternal life is characteristic of the
human soul. The sacred souls are in the
utmost harmony and joy with one an-
other in the world of eternity. . . . Strive
thou as far as thou art able in the Divine
Mine so that thou mayst discover
heavenly jewels.
. . . . Thou hast asked about the third
Tajalli, which is about sciences, arts and
industries. By these sciences and arts
are meant those which are useful and are
studied in Europe and America, such as
geometry, chemistry, geography, all
mathematics and other useful sciences.
In 'Persia, however, in that time such
sciences had prevalence which were mere
imaginations, but their names were great.
They had termed them elcma.t-4I-Esh-
mkieh (a system of old philosophies).
The people would busy themselves in the
studying of these sciences and would
take pains for thirty to forty years. At
the end they would realize that their
studies consisted of mere superstition
and pure nonsense. Those helpless souls
(students) would become disappointed
and discouraged.
. . . . I supplicate God to bestow upon
thee great assistance and confirmation
and to enable thee to enter the Kingdom
of God; to be established in the school
of Abdul-Baha, a11d to learn wisdom and
servitude towards His Holiness BAHA
This is the divine school, this
is the enlightened school and this is the
heavenly school.
Unto thee be greeting and praise!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Ansas.
(Translated by Aziz 'Ullah S. Baha-
dur, Mount Carmel, Palestine, December
12, 1920.)
Echoes of First All-India Bahai Convention
(Continued from page 215)
and their solutions according to the
Bahai principles. His paper was beau-
tifully worded and was very good.
At the end of the meeting' I introduced
myself in my own humble way to all
those who were present there. Their
happy faces radiated love and spiritual
harmony and one could easily see from
their faces the happy reflection of their
loving hearts. I must make special men-
tion of Mrs. Coles of Washington, who
is these days staying in London. She is
overflowing with spirit and enthusiasm
to serve the Cause.
On Thursday I was to meet Major
Tudor-Pole but I could not see him. On
Thursday night I went to see Mr. Da-
mond. He is a splendid Bahai and a
wonderfully spiritual soul. I found in
him the same Bahai love and inspiration
as in the others.
On Friday I went to see Mr. and Mrs.
Bedingfeld. They are quite young but
very promising. Mrs. Bedingfeld was a
Bahai before she was married and it was
through her influence that brother Bed-
ingfeld accepted the Cause." Both of
them are filled with the spirit of love,
I was very much impressed with the
spiritual atmosphere of their home.

