Z62 STAR OF THE 
that in every heart he has left a glo-rious
trace and on every tongue a beautiful
mention. One who leaves behind him
such a glorious history .and eternal mem-
ory is, indeed, not of the dead! fam-
ily of Abdul-Baha! Console yourselves
with patience, because it is impossible
for an oriental or an occidental to com-
fort you and not find himself in more
need of consolation!' 
Abrahim Etfendi Nasser (one of the
m-ost celebrated Christian writers) was
the second speaker. He said: wept
for the departure of my Master and any-
one like me will we-ep for the departure
of his Master.' For whom is this
mourning and shock? VVha.t is this
Weeping and crying? What has hap-
pened to the people? Has a mountain
sunk into the earth'? Or has the earth
quaked? No; not this, nor that. It is
that Abdul-Baha, the great soul of be-
sto-wal, has depart-ed. 'They took him
0-ut and all are weeping. It is like the
shock of Moses when Mount Tohr fell.'
what -a calamity is this! It is a na-
tional loss and an universal ordeal, for
the roots of the heart are cut out and in
such a thrilling moment the garments
are rent asunder. my burning heart!
In the passing away of the Master,
Abdul-Baha, the mountain of charity
and generosity has fallen! The echo
of his departure sounds in all parts of
the world. Therefore humanity is pain-
fully sufiering; the tongues are repeat-
ing the mentioning of his abundant
bounties; the eyes are weeping, and the
hearts are bleeding! Ah me! Abdul-
Baha lived about eighty years and the
miracle of his life was like the lives of
the prophets. He has trained, taught,
assisted, rescued and guided the souls
to the straight path. He brought. upon
the people great glory. people, listen:
Abdul-Baha is not dead, nor is the light
of BAHA extinguished. Far from
it. His rays will ever remain shining.
Abdul-Baha, the beloved 
has lived a life from which emanated
the significances of the mortal. There-
fore, the spiritual took the place of his
physical life. And he ascended from
this world to the Paradise of the Lord
as a pure angel accompanied by his
good deeds and his sublime attributes.
Yea, my people! You are taking the
body of the great one whom we have
lost to its last resting-place, but rest
assured that your Abdul-Baha will re-
main forever living among you in the
spirit, in his words, in his sayings, in
his qualities and in all the essences o-f
his life. We are bidding farewell to our
physical Abdul-Baha, as his physical
body disappears from our sight, but our
spiritual Abdul-Baha will never leave
our minds, our thoughts, our hearts, and
his mention will never depart from our
lives. Abdul-Baha! thou great and
generous one! Thou art resting now.
Thou didst bestow life upon us, guided
us and taught us. Thou hast lived among
us, great, with all that the word great-
ness means. Verily, we glory in thy
deeds and thy sayings. Thou didst raise
the station of the East to the highest
pinnacle of glory. Thou didst perform
and complete thy efforts. Therefore
thou hast gained the crown of Majesty.
ye b-ranches of the Tree of Abdul-
Baha! I come to you. I am the sorrow-
ful one. I ask my Lord to bestow upon
you a beautiful comfort and to console
us by protecting you."
Professor Mohammed Murad Mufti,
Mohammedan Judge of the Judicial Law
and the Moslem Chief of Haifa, was the
third speaker. He said: "When na-
tions lose one of their great men,
whether he is great in his knowledge or
great in his generosity or great in his
politics or great in his principles and his
benevolence, they comfort themselves in
this: that there must come out from
among their sons a genius Who will be-
come a success-or t.o that great departed
man. But the calamity of the world of

