138 STAR OF THE WEST
of the age," "who had come to spread
his glory and perfection amongst us."
am not worthy of this," said
Abdul-Baha simply.
Oh, the meekness! I used to hate
that word meekness, especially in con-
nection with Christ, until I saw Abdul.-
Baha! Then I realized this: that it is
one of the essential attributes of God's
and is a ray of unique
power; of such power indeed that I have
seen it change the atmosphere. I am
not speaking at random. This happened
at Acca when Abdul-Baha said, "Jesus
was the bread that came down from
Heaven, but I am the food prepared by
the Blessed Beauty A
something celestial, affecting me like
silver light, filled the room. Perhaps I
should put it in this way, that it is one
of the attributes of the Servant, and
when the Manifestation in the station of
the Servant shows forth this attribute,
which is identical with self-effaeement,
and all traces of the Servant disappear,
then the station of the Glory alone is
seen. "There was God and there was
nothing With Him." . . .
"Nothing save the love of God en-
dures!" said Abdul-Baha, as he drove
in the park one day with Mrs. and
myself. "Look at these trees all in
blossom now!" And in words which I
will not attempt to quote he described
the inevitable coming of autumn. "This
is a symbol of the human life," he said.
"Remember Babylon." He drew viv-
idly for us a picture of the former Baby-
lon, its pomp and splendor; then of
Babylon today, the ruins of today,
"empty save for the hyena prowling
among its crumbling stones, silent ex-
cept for the voice of the owl at night
or the song of the lark in the lonely
day." "Remember Tyre," he contin-
ued. "Here, too, was beauty and Splen-
dor and pomp. Think of Tyre now! I
have been there. I have seenstayed after the meeting to
see Edna Belmont, who was serving Ab-
dul-Baha at the telephone upstairs.
\Vhile we were talking, suddenly the
Master came into the room.
am just going out for a drive," he
said, "but stay till I return, Edna, and
you, too, Juliet, stay. I will see you
when I return."
So I waited; I waited and waited.
Half-past six came; seven! Our dinner
was to be at half-past seven, and where
I was going was a long way off, rather
indirect on the car line and I had not
kept the motor!
"Go, Juliet, I will explain," urged
Edna. But I could not. He had told
me to stay.
And now I am going to digress and
tell you What seems another story! I
was certainly no more than ten years
old when a very presumptuous aspira-
tion took possession of my infant mind.
I began to dream of some day painting
the Christ. I even prayed for it! Child
though I was I violently hated the ac-
cepted conceptions of the 
effeminate, ineffectual. will paint a
King!" I said, "the King of Love."
And I never lost this hope till I saw
Abdul-Baha. Then I knew that no one
could ever paint the Christ! The life
of the Spirit of Life, that animation.
the endless revealing, the glory! How
could these be captured in material'?
Can you paint the lightning?
It was a little after seven when the
Master came back. Entering the room
where he had left me and where of
course I was still waiting, he said:
"Ah, Juliet! For your sake I re-
turned. Mrs. I-Iemmick wanted to keep
me, but I had asked you to wait; there-
fore I returned." After a slight pause
he added, "Would you like to come up
and paint me tomorrow?"
So I learned the reward of obedience.
Once in Haifa he said to me: "Keep
my words; obey my commands and you
will marvel at the results."
By a miracle I was not late for the
dinner.
The next morning I went to him early
with my box of pastels, but though it

