Z28 STAR OF WEST
ham; and He, Moses, convenanted with
rega.rd to His Holiness Christ, saying
that Christ Was the Promised One. His
Holiness Christ eonvenanted with re-
gard to His Holiness "The Paraclete,"
which means His Holiness Mohammed.
His Holiness Mohammed covenanted in
regard to the Bab, whom He called, "My
Promised One"; His Holiness the Bab,
in all His books, in all His epistles, ex-
plicitly covenanted with regard to the
Blessed Beauty, BAHA 'ULnAri, that
BAHA was the Promised One of
His Holiness the Bab.
His Holiness BAHA cove-
nanted, not that I (Abdul-Baha) am the
Promised One, but that Abdul-Baha is
the Expounder of the Book and the
CENTER on THE COVENANT, and that the
Promised One of BAHA will ap-
pear after one thousand or thousands of
years. This is the Covenant which BAHA
ma.de. If a person shall deviate,
he is not acceptable' at the Threshold of
BAHA In case of difference,
Abdul-Baha must be consulted.
They must revolve around his good
pleasure. After Abdul-Baha, whenever
the Universal House of Justice is or-
ganized it will ward off differences.
Now, I pray for you that God may aid
you, may confirm you, may appoint you
for His service; that He may suffer you
to be as radiant candles; that He may
accept you in His Kingdom; that He
may make you the cause of the spread
of the light of BAHA in these
countries, and that the teaching of BAHA
may be spread broadcast.
I pray for you, and I am pleased with
all of you, each one, one by one; and I
pray that God may aid and confirm you.
. . . At present, farewell to you!
Unity Through Firmness in The C0venant--The Only
Path to Bahai Unity.
From the Glorious Teaching Tablets in the "Unveiling of the D'vIm'ne Plan."
ye apostles of BAHA 
my life be a ransom to you!
The blessed person of the Promised
One is interpreted in the Holy Book as
the Lo-rd of Ho-sts, i. of the heavenly
armies. By heavenly armies those souls
are intended who are entirely freed from
the human world, transformed into ce-
lestial spirits and have become divine
angels. Such souls are the rays of the
Sun of Reality who will illumine all the
continents. Each one is holding in his
hand a trumpet, blowing the breath of
life over all the regions. . . . These
souls are the armies of God and the con-
querors of the East and the West. Should
one of them turn his face toward some
direction and summon the people to the
Kingdom of God all the ideal force-s and
lordly confirmations will rush to- his sup-
port and reinforcement. . . . Any soul
from among the believers of BAHA
who attains to this station will
become known as the apostle of BAHA

To attain to this supreme station is,
however, dependent on the realization of
certain conditions:
The first condition is firmness in the
Covenant of God. For the power of the
Covenant will protect the Cause of BAHA
from the doubts of the people
of error. It is the fortified fortress of
the Cause of God and the firm pillar of
the religion of God. Today no power can
conserve the oneness o-f the Bahai, World
save the Covenant of God; otherwise dif-
ferences like unto a most great tempest
will encompass the Bahai world. It is
evident that the axis of the oneness of the
world o-f humanity is the power of the
Covenant and nothing else. . . . There-
(Continued on page 236)

