188 STAR OF THE WEST
Lotfullah lingered over their watermelon
longer than the others think Mrs.
Hoagg and Mirza Badi were responsible
for flashing a signal down the table,
that we should rise and leave them there!
So some twenty-three people rose and
looked on while Malcolm and Mirza
Lotfullah finished their watermelon,
while everyone laughed at them! We
were all like the simplest children who
had played a prank on two playmates!
All day Friday We had been wonder-
ing when the Master would come down
from the mountain. We were eager for
him to come because we knew that we
should see more of him then.--And yet,
remembering how tired he had looked, I
could not help but wish he might stay
longer in the quiet peace near the Tomb,
in the hope that he might become more
rested.
All that day I had been very happy
and content not to see him, but as the
evening came on I began to long to see
his beautiful face again! And so I
could not help but be happy when we
heard that he was coming down the next
morning--that Esfendiar was to go up
for him sometime between six and seven!
And so I went to sleep in our quiet room
in the Pilgrim House, rejoicing that on
the morrow we should see him again.
September 4, 192-0.
On Saturday morning, Cora and I
rose in the darknes of 4 :30 a. dressed,
and by 5:15 we were on our way up
the mountain toward the Tomb of the
Bab. That early hour was a bit too
late, for even then we found the climb
warm, a.nd the sun rose before we had
reached the Tomb. We stopped to watch
its glorious arising from behind the
Lebanon hills. There were enough
clouds to make a really beautiful sun-
rise. The valley of Acca was radiant,
and the river winding through it
gleamed silver! It looked, in its out-
ward physical seeming, "a door of
hope!" We continued up the hillside
to the Tomb. As we passed the care-
taker's houseges-
ture, asked whether we wished to enter
his house. Perhaps he thought we had
come up to see the Master, whom we
knew was either in the house or at the
Tomb. But we motioned toward the
Tomb. He smiled, and preceding us,
opened the west door into the room
where we had been on Thursday. Then
he quietly departed.
The candles were not lighted and the
central room was not quite so beautiful
on that account. But a soft light filtered
in through the the exquisite
peace filled our hearts. We stayed for
perhaps an hour, in meditation and
prayer.
To be continued)
Answer by Abdul-Baha to Question "Who Was ]esusP"
"Jesus was a Manifestation of God. Everything of him pertained to God.
To know him was to know God. To have him was to have God. To obey him
was to obey God. He was the source of all divine virtues. He was a vision of
all divine qualities. In this vision the light of the Sun of Reality was reflected
to the world. Through this mirror the Energy of God was transmitted to the
world. The whole disk of the Sun of Reality was reflected in him."
(From no-tes of Mr. Mountfort Mills during his visit to Abdul-Baha.)

