STAR OF THE WEST Z03
A Week in Abdul-Baha's Home
(Continued from page 199)
a11d saw the pool, or reservoir, in the
center, from which the exiles obtained
the slimy water which was their only
drink during the first twenty-four hours
of their imprisonment! On the south
side of the court We saw the rooms where
most of the exiles were imprisoned. They
are like rather wide and long corridors.
At present they are quite well lighted,
but Mrs. I-Ioagg said that the British
have changed them a great deal, and
have let in much more light. When she
first saw them, they were very dark and
gloomy. And in the days of the Turkish
rule, they must have been very dirty,
unwholesome and dark. Here, amid all
manner of privations and sufferings, the
band of exiles praised God for having
led them to believe in His greatest and
newest Manifestation. As We walked
about the barracks, Zia Khanum told us
stories of those early days, making them
live again, for our instruction.
After we left the barracks, a few
moments' drive brought us to another
house where the Bahais had been im-
prisoned. Bahai families live in it now,
and they welcomed us with sweet kind-
ness. We saw the little room where
BAHA lived for seven years. In
an adjoining house, which now seems to
be a part of the first house, the holy
family lived for many years more.
There BAHA room has been left
as it was when He used it. The windows
overlook the sea; to the south there is
a View of distant Haifa; to the north,
the plain of Aeca. I think BAI-IA 
practically never left the house while
they lived there. We hear of Abdul-
Baha's caring for the physical needs of
the friends, as well as it could be done
under the very difficult conditions; en-
gaging in trade that he might have
money with which to equip a bath; in
all ways constantly serving his father!
It was to the smaller of these two
houses that the Wife of Abdul-Baha came
from Persia. I am not sure, but I think
that some of the daughters were born
there.
In the family of Bahais who care for
these two houses, we met a woman,
Sakineh Sultan, whose husband, at the
age of twenty, was a martyr in Persia!
When we were there she was probably
over fifty years of age. A few years
ago her daughter died leaving a baby
boy, Labib, for whom she is now caring.
Whenever one is with these Bahais
who have been intimately associated with
BAI-IA or Abdul-Baha, one mar-
vels at the spirit of service and self-
sacrifice they show. \Ve longed to
acquire in its fullness that attitude of
evanescent service.
It was after eleven when we left the
city of Acca behind us, and drove to-
ward the Rizwan. went north of the
city wall, toward the east. By strange
track-like roads we drove, past gardens
walled with cactus plants. It was
perhaps a mile and a half or two miles
before We came to the Garden,--the
Rizwan. Just before we reached it we
turned to the south, and the road fol-
lowed a little stream. Vile passed a
water-wheel, turned by a small donkey,
and later we saw the water he had
pumped, as it fell from a fountain in
the garden.
At the gate we left the carriage, and
Esfendiar unharnessed the horses that
they might have a well-earned rest.
How I had longed to see the Rizwan
at Aoca! That spot between "the two
rivers," that garden on an island! It
is a place of beauty and peace. Tall
palm trees, pomegranate trees loaded
with ripe fruit, beautiful vines bearing
many-colored blossoms,--all add to the
beauty of the Rizwan. From the foun-
tain, streams of water run to the north,
south, east and west, watering the plants.
But the place of most wonderful asso-

