STAR OF THE WEST
I1 I
ye beloved ones, Guard the Cause of God!"
RECENT TABLET FROM HIS HOLINESS ABDUL--BAHA
Revealed during The Rlizwan, 1921.
Translated out of the Original Tongue by Shoghi Rabbani,
Balliol, Oxford, England.
To the beloved of the Lord, the Friends in Truth and the
signs of the All-Merciful throughout the East, through~
out the the Glory of the Lord All-Glorious
rest upon them all!
He is God!
ye faithful friends! ye sincere servants of BAHA 
Now--in the mid-watches of the night, when eyes are
closed in slumber, and men upon the couch of rest have laid
their heads upon their pillows and are fast Abdul-
Baha, within the precincts of the Hallowed Shrine wakeful,
and, in the ardor of his invocation utters this, his prayer:
Thou kind and loving Providence!
Astir is the East, and the VVest surgeth even as the
eternal billows of the sea. The gentle gales of holiness are
diffused and, from the unseen Kingdom the rays of the
Orb of Truth shine forth resplendent. The anthems of
Divine Unity are chanted and the ensigns of Celestial Might
are waving. The angelic Voice is raised and, even as a
leviathan's roaring is the call to selflessness and evanes-
cence, the triumphal cry, Thou the Glory of Glories,"
resounds on every side, and the call, Thou Most High,"
rings throughout all regions. No stir but the Glory of the
One Heart-Ravisher is raised in the world and no tumult is
there save the surging of the love of Him, the Incomparable,
the Well-Beloved!
The beloved of the Lord, with their musk-scented
breath, burn as a candle in every clime, and the
friends of Him, the All~Merciful, are in all regions even as
the unfolding bloom. Not for a moment do they rest;
breathe not but in remembrance of Thee, and crave not
but to serve Thy Cause. In the meadows of Truth they are
as the nightingales of sweet melodies and in the flower
garden of Guidance even as the colored bloom.
With mystic flowers they adorn the garden walks of Reality
and bedeck, as the swaying cypress, the river-banks of
Divine Direction. Above the horizon of being they twinkle
as radiant stars and in the firmament of the world they

