STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nation:
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of aifection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 12 Kowl 1, 77 (November 23, 1921) No. 14
The Center of The Covenant.
As the twenty-sixth of November is known among the Bahais as the "Feast
of the Appointment of the Center of the Covenant," the STAR or THE Wnsr,
following its usual custom, devotes this issue to a presentation of this important
subject.
During Abdul-Baha's sojourn in America in 1912, he awakened the friends
to a realization of the greatness of the matter and the necessity of understanding
it and turning to the appointed Center and remaining firm therein, saying:
OF ABDUL-BAHA
TODAY the most important aifair is
firmness in the Covenant, because
firmness in the Covenant Wards ofi' dif-
ferences.
In former cycles no distinct Covenant
was made in Writing by the Supreme
Pen; no distinct personage Was ap-
pointed to be the Standard diiferentiat-
ing falsehood from truth, so that what-
soever he said was to stand as truth and
that which he repudiated was to be
known as falsehood. At most, His Holi-
ness Jesus Christ gave only an intima-
tion, a symbol, and that was but an indi-
cation of the solidity of Peter's faith.
When he mentioned his faith His Holi-
ness said: "Thou art Peter"--which
means rock--"and upon this rock will I
build my Church." This was a sanction
of Peter 's faith; it was not indicative of
his (Peter) being the expounder of the
Book, but was a confirmation of Peter's
faith.
But in this Dispensation of the
Blessed Beauty (BAHA among
its distinctions is that He did not leave
people in perplexity. He entered into a
Covenant and Testament with the
people. He appointed a CENTER or THE
COVENANT. He wrote with His own pen
and revealed it in the Kitab-El-Akdas,
the Book of Laws, and Kitab-El-Ah'd,
the Book of the Covenant, appointing
him (Abdul-Baha) the Expounder of
the Book. You must ask him (Abdul-
Baha) regarding the meanings of the
texts of the verses. Whatsoever he says
is correct. Outside of this in numerous
tablets, He (BAHA has ex-
plicitly recorded it, with clear, suificient,
valid and forceful statements. In the
Tablet of The Branch He explicitly
states: "Whatsoever the Branch says
is right, or correct, and every person
must obey the Branch with his life, with
his heart, with his tongue. Without his
will, not a _Word shall anyone utter."
This is an explicit text of the Blessed
Beauty. So there is no excuse 'left for
anybody. No soul shall, of himself,
speak anything. \Vhat-so-ever his (Ab-
dul-Baha's) tongue utters, whatsoever
his pen records, that is correct; accord-
ing to the explicit text of. B-AHA 
in the Tablet of The 
His Holiness Abraham convenanted
with regard to Moses. His Holiness
Moses was the Promised One of Abra-

