186 STAR OF
circular in form, the walls of which are
divided into nine equal bays, thus each
of these rooms would appear to have the
form of nine sides. Opposite to the main
entrance is the dining room and to the
right of which is a pantry and kitchen,
THE WEST
both fitted with closets. The sleeping
rooms open out from the main central
hallway, which is a plan both common
and practical in that part of the country.
Chas. ason Remey.
A Week in Abdul-Baha's Home
(Continued from page 183)
evidently life is a Very restricted affair
for a girl in Haifa! But this fall Soraya
was not quite so eager to go to Cairo.
Perhaps she had begun to realize how
different her home in the Master 's
household is from the ordinary places
of living!
We told the ladies that we hoped
some of their children Would come to
America to study. But of course they
think that a very long way from home
to send them. Shoghi Effendi is now
in England, just ready to enter Ox-
ford, and Rouhanges, his sister, is to
enter some college for girls there.
Touba Khanum, and, on another
day, Rouha Khanum, spoke of their
hope of the founding of a Bahai School
on Mt. Carmel. They are so sweetly
appreciative and kind; they act as
though the person to whom they are
talking had all beautiful characteristics,
--and one longs to arise to meet that
faith with deeds! Touba Khanum
made me feel that way, when in speak-
ing of a future Bahai school on Mt.
Carmel, she said, "When such a school
is founded I hope you may come and
teach in it." What could be more
wonderful! But one would have to "live
the life" perfectly in order to be
worthy to teach in such a school.
After a time Mrs. Paine told me to
come over to sit in the wicker chair.
That brought me near dear Rouha
Khanum and the Holy Mother. They
talked to me about education. The Holy
Mother said that when-I was teaching
my classes I could show forth Bahai
love and kindness, even though I could
not directly give the Bahai teachings.
Besides, she said, there were many of
the Bahai teachings that I could men-
tion in class, even though I did not
label them "Bahai."
The Holy Mother is very, very sweet.
She is quiet, calm, giving one the im-
pression that no disturbance ever
ruffles the evenness of her life. Her
voice is low, and yet assured. There is
a "sweet reasonableness" in it that
seems to say, "Why be impatient? .All
will be well in God's good time!" She
makes me think of the verse in the
Hidden Words, "Be contented with
what we have ordained for thy sake.
This is for thy good if thou art con-
tent with it." The Holy Mother is con-
tent with His Will. She was not in
the group of prisoners who were exiled
to Acca in 1868, but came from Persia
with her brother. The 'journey was very
hard. Much of the time she had to
sleep at night in the same room with
several men, and therefore she had to
wear a Veil at night, as well as in the
daytime. Imagine the faith and cour-
age of a young woman, who would come
all that journey of months, through wild
countries, in order that she might enter
the Prison City, and marry--a Prisoner!
When she reached Acca, the Bahais had
been removed from the barracks, and
were living in a small house, one we
saw when we visited Acca. One can
only faintly imagine the warmth of the
greeting she must have received when
she came to be the wife of the beloved
Greatest Branch! At that time the
Master must have been twenty-seven or

