STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR 01-" THE West!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. AI-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . _Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE WEST, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the_ promulgator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the West, they may become informed with the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA Anus.
Editorial Staff: ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD S01-IRAB
V01. 12 Jamal 1, 77 (April 23, 1921) No. 3
Orientation of the Mashreq'ul-Azkar Building
Letter from the Engineer in Charge
Mr. Alfred Lunt, Sec'y.,
Bahai Temple Unity.
Dear Mr. Lunt: Regarding the orien-
tation of the Temple building, I think
the best Way for me to express the situa-
tion to you is as follows:
Take a globe on which mark 
and Acca. Then with a string connect
these two points, and you Will find that
the great circle which this string Will
form, Will lie at an angle of approx-
imately 45 degrees With the meridian.
If an engineer's transit is set up over
the center up on the temple site and
pointed toward Acca it would point into
the earth at a rather sharp angle and the
line in which it would project would be
a cord of the great circle marked by the
string.
If the transit is then revolved in a
vertical plane, the line of sight will cut
the surface of the earth 011 this great
circle. If the intervening space were
all water this circle marks the course
that Would be taken by a ship in sailing
from one point to the other.
If the engineer 's transit were set up
at the site of the Temple and a right
angle turned off from the meridian, the
course thus set would cross the equator
before getting as far east as Acca and
would manifestly be Wrong in course.
Set further south than this would be still
greater in error.
A course set in an effort to follow a
parallel of latitude would not in fact
point toward Acca, but such a course
would require a constant change of di-
rection, because all courses on the sur-
face of the earth are laid out in a plane
tangent to the surface and when pro-
jected on the curved surface of the earth,
follow a great circle and the only great
circle which will pass through these two
points is the one first described.
I submitted this matter to Mr. Mc-
Daniel -and Mr. Boyle and they were un-
able to offer any solution other than
the one first described, which is scien-
tifically correct.
The orientation thus laid out fits the
local situation very well. The lake shore

