STAR OF
Mrs. Corinne True, on the Temple of
Universal Praise, was the next speaker-.
"In this temple, God will Wipe away all
tears from their eyes. It is not that we
are to turn away from the great Prophets
of the past, but we are to turn toward
the Light of the Day of God. It is the
realizatioirof the blessed hope and the
fulfillment of the great promises which
Jesus gave to his disciples. The 'time,
times a11d a half' recorded in the prophe-
cies brought, with its maturity, the dec-
laration of the Bab. Afterward, in due
time, came the mighty voice of Balm'-
After the dawn many clouds
arose. After the sunshine came many
storms. But now We are building the
Mashreq"ul Azkar, to tell the people
that the Great Day has come. It is the
day of wonderful peace and love.
"Abdul-Baha says, 'It is in the Orient
that peace is born_; but in the Occident it
is put into action in a practical way.'
The oneness of God and the oneness of
humanity must go together. For there
are not two Gods, but only one.
"Abdul-Baha says, 'The gates of the
temple will be flung wide open to man-
kind, prejudice toward none, love for all.
The central building will be devoted to
the purposes of prayer and worship.
Thus for the first time religion will be-
come harmonized with science, and
science will be the handmaid of religion,
both showering their material and spirit-
ual gifts upon all humanity.' 
Janabe Fazel was the last speaker.

Janabe Fazel said, "Let it be under-
stood that the cause has many branches
of service. One is as important as
another, for each supports the others and
contributes to the life of the whole. The
body of the Cause is like the' body of a
man. Nose, eyes, hands and feet must
all be cared for. If a man bandage his
eyes the other members will suffer. Gon-
sideration and importance must be given
to all. Let misunderstanding be entirely
removed.
THE VVEST 91
"In Persia there is a central commit-
tee to which funds go and from which
they are distributed to all the different
activities. There is, under the direction
of that central committee, a complete
impartial distribution of funds. Means
are given to carry 011 the various
branches of the Cause. One branch is
education. There being no public schools,
the Bahais see to the scientific and moral
education of their children. Another
committee is for charity, helping the
poor and aged and those disabled. This
committee is constantly at work and is
informed about the condition of the un-
fortunate. The third committee is for
teaching. Its members are very busy
finding the efficieiit teachers and direct-
ing them. Bahais in Persia give more
importance to the teaching committee.
The teachers are well informed and set
a11 example of self-sacrifice to all the
other promoters of the "Word of God.
Teachers have a club among themselves
to exchange views and experiences they
have gained in travel, thus gaining much
information. Sometimes the treasury is
empty and the friends put their wits to-
gether to fill it. After the war the-re
was much proverty and suffering. A
relief committee was organized. The
spiritual assembly of Teheran issued cir-
culars to all parts. Provisions were sent
in from all directions. Although in the
famine one hundred thousand people
died, not one Bahai perished. Professor
Jackson of Columbia University, during
a journey in Persia, visited the store-
house built by the Baha-is.
"Some of the friends write moral
plays to entertain and teach people.
Really they do two things by these plays,
teach and raise money. One of these
plays showed the ancient educational
system of Persia, and in contrast, the
improvements now made by 
LLAH. Thus thoughts and chara.ote1~ are
developed. Another play portrayed the
characters of the mullahs, always gather-
ing up money. It created much opposi-
tion among the mullahs, who sup-
pressed it.

