276 STAR OF THE WEST
people of all Christians, Jews and present,
a representative of each of these great faiths gave an address beside the Tomb.
These speeches were really the embodiment of His own teaching.' These men spoke
so highly of the beloved Master and said so much that there Was nothing left for
the Bahais to add. I
He has written His last instructions enclosed in an envelope addressed to
Shoghi Eifendi--therefore we cannot open it until he arrives, which will be, we
hope, about the end of this month, as he is now on his way here.
Dear sister, we ought to prepare ourselves in order to obey every single
word which these instructions GOI1tain~--and if we are assisted from the Kingdom
of Abha to do this then His departure will be no loss to the Cause but rather a
gain, as His spirit will now be free to help us universally!
Best greetings from my aunt, my mother and sisters to you and to all the
dear friends, with great appreciation of your letters of condolence and sympathy.
Yours afiectionately in His Name,
(Signed) MONEVER.
P. S. You can send copies of this letter to friends for they would like to
hear about it all and no time to- write to each separately now.
"The shock of his death was indeed as an earthquake"
Letters from Lowise Bosch to Ella G. Cooper.
Allaho Abha!
Haifa, Palestine, December 5, 1921.
Beloved sister in God:
Your cablegram to the holy household was received, and the one to my
husband, too. Both were appreciated and later on you will hear more about it.
This is not the moment that I want to engage in writing, but inasmuch as
you have cabled my husband saying that you were longing for news, I make an
effort to write you. I have not written to Geyserville (Calif), to Tahiti, or to
Switzerland, and I know not what our friends there will think of us for not
Writing and telling them all about this great occurrence and happening.
As it is, I do not even know what to write you. I can only tell you that with
the departure of 0-ur Lord our former state of spirit has departed also, and as
far as I myself am concerned I feel as though I were a new born babe, in a new
world of which I know at present nothing.
Our beloved Abdul-Baha passed from this earth early Monday morning. It
was at half-past one is to say, one and one-half hours after midnight
on Sunday. He had no illness in bed. His departure from this world was a rather
sudden occurrence. It was half an hour before he closed his benign eyes forever
that he said to Rouha Khanum [his daughter], who was alone in the room with
him, am dying." There was no one else in the room with him, as all were in
their respective beds asleep, no one imagining on awakening that such could
be the case. Notwithstanding the fact that our blessed Abdul-Baha was not so
well that day, and in truth had not been well for a long time, but in considera-
tion of his work which he did each day, and the care that he took to carry out
his work every day, and the attention which he paid to matters great and small,

