STAR OF THE WEST 197
understood his feeling, as we remem-
bered our experience at the Tomb yes-
terday morning!
The Master said that he hoped we
were well and very happy. Then he
asked again if We were Well.
Mrs. Paine said, are all very
well except Sylvia, who was a little ill
in the night, but that is not serious."
Abdul-Baha replied: hope she
will soon be well."
Sylvia smiled .and nodded and the
Master said, "That will soon pass away
and you will be well again." Then he
continued, "Your food and rooms are
very simple here, but your purpose in
coming here makes them seem good to
you. When a man is good, all things
about him are good. \Vhen a man is
bad, all things about him are bad. It
is necessary that man be very good."
After a pause the Master said, "You
have come here, and every day you try
to improve. You try to improve more
each day. You must become pure in
heart. Then when you return to Amer-
ica, you must carry spirituality and in-
spiration with you. You must be like
Jacob, who inhaled the fragrance of the
garment of Joseph from_ a distance; But
more than that, you must be one who
carries the garment, who spreads the
fragrances of the Spirit."
Turning to Mrs. Hoagg, the Master
told her to take us to church this morn-
ing. Then he continued by saying,
"The purpose of going to- the, church
should be to worship. Turn your
hearts to God and worship Him. One
can worship God anywhere, in a church,
in a mosque, in all places. But here I
hope that you will go to the church."
Then he rose, smiled on us, said,
"Good-bye," and walked from the
room, and down the steps. We went
to the door, and watched him till he
disappeared behind the wall.
I think that neither Cora nor myself
had said a word all the time he was
with us. I do not know how she felt,
but for me, there simply was nothing
that I could say. To be in his presence,
to look on the beauty of his face, to
listen to his voice, was all I wished to
do. I do not know how or why, but
in his presence, all life is lifted higher;
it acquires freshness and beauty.
Mirza Lotfullah translated the Mas-
ter's words in this talk.
Following the Master's request, We
attended the little Episcopal chapel
which is near the Pilgrim House. After
our return from there we called on
Rouha Khanum for almost an hour,
and such a happy time as we had! Her
house is just next the Master's, so that
she can easily help entertain the Mas-
ter's guests, and yet look after her own
household. She and her two sisters
talked with us often, giving us wonder-
ful stories about the Cause and instruct-
ing us in many ways. That day she
told us about the Master 's life during
the Great War; how he gave food, money
and encouragement to all those who
sought his help, no matter what their
race or religion. The people of the
household lived on the simplest food
in order that they might have food to
share with the hundreds who came beg-
ging for bread. She told us, too, how
few letters and papers came from the
friends all over the world, and how they
longed for news of the welfare of the
Bahais in the different countries.
That afternoon after tea, we went over
to the Master's house and talked with
the ladies for a short time. Then word
came that the carriage was ready to take
us up the mountain, for the regular Sun-
day afternoon meeting. Touba Khanum,
and one of her sons, Sohiel, went with
us. In front of the Tomb many of the
friends were gathered; more than forty,
I think. For a time we talked with the
people near us. Then Mirza Lotfullah
brought out the large guest book, and
asked us to write in it our names, ad-
dresses, the date of our arriv'al in Haifa,
and some word of greeting. Cora wrote,

