STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; -that the bonds of affection and unity
between the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and
difierences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars
shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 12 Ola 1, 77 (March Z, 1922) No. 19
"The beauty of the Beloved disappeared and the hearts
are melted by this great calamity"
Letter from MOHAMMED SAID ADHAM to the STAR or WEST.
Illustrations from photographs sent by H. S. Fugeta 
Alexandria, Egypt, January 1, 1922.
Dear Bahai friends:
You must have heard the sad news of the departure of our beloved Abdul-
Baha from this ephemeral World to the Kingdom of Abha.
The news came to us as a thunderbolt that breaks the mountains and shakes
the very fiber of the hearts. We could do nothing but wearied by
weaping the tears stopped flowing. Our hearts are broken, and whenever we
meet those Who have not yet heard the news, the tears gush forth like a fountain;
but the fire of our sorrow cannot be extinguished. Our only hope is that God
may confirm us in His Cause and grant us favor and patience in this great
calamity. Those who have been privileged to be in His divine presence and in
whose hearts His love has grown firm, kno-W that His departure is the greatest
loss that can be imagined, and that patience is impossible save through His
kindness and bounty. Our sorrow is beyond expression, and as I am a stranger
to English, this adds to the difficulty of expressing myself on such a sad occasion.
The friends here all have the same feeling and the fire of sorrow is blazing
in their breasts. Since then it is very noticeable that there is more love, more
firmness, more unity, more tolerance and more desire for service. All this is
observed in the faces of the friends, and the more so as the violators appear and
endeavor to play their personal intrigues on the pages of some of the daily
papers. The friends here have unanimously agreed not to pay the slightest
attention to them, never to associate with them and never to listen to their Words,
for in reality they are the bitter enemies of our Beloved and of the Cause.
For thirty years the violators have tried t0- harm the Cause of BAHA 
and have denied the Center of the Covenant, this denial shall
never be forgotten. The violators aspire only to leadership and authority, and
try to use the Cause to accomplish their wicked ends, and to them it is not a
question of faith and service. BAHA gave an explicit command, which
they have absolutely refused to obey. He commanded all to turn to the Center
of the Covenant, and this they have foolishly and maliciously refused to do, and
in so doing they have violated the first and most essential command of BAHA
namely, that after the departure of Bans they should turn
to the Center of the Covenant, "He whom God hath purposed," Abdul-Baha.
By the word of BAHA and the very existence of Abdul-Baha, He (Abdul-
Baha) was a divine being and not only a material son of BAHA Jesus
Christ had brothers and sisters, but no mention of them was recorded in the
New Testament. The violators supposed that Abdul-Baha was a material son

