70 STAR OF THE 
'Allah, Allah'/' (laughter) He said,
"Now, what kind of a prophet is he that
l1e never says God?" I said, "Vllell, I
am very sorry he did not live in Amer-
ica. The English language had not
penetrated into the Arabian peninsula
While he was living, so he had to use his
oWn language for the same ideal." The
prophets did not come to teach a name,
they came to inculcate an ideal, and
that ideal they had to explain and utter
in their own language according to the
conception of their own people, and,
therefore, according to the spirit of the
age in which they lived.
It has been through the sheer ignor-
ance of men that they have looked upon
the prophets are so many generals, as so
many commanders leading armies into
battlefields and fighting against each
other. Do you think if the prophets
were to come today, Mohainined and
Christ and Moses and Buddha, that they
Would teach their followers to go and
fight and kill, or would they teach them
to associate with one another, to set aside
all their narrow-mindedness and sus-
picions and bigotry and backbiting and
live in accordance with the ideal of love,
harmony and unity'? That is, Were it
possible to have a conference of the
prophets of the past they would have no
other thought, they would discuss no
other theme but to purify the religions
of the past from man-made dogmas and
creeds and bring them back to that
original source of divine contemplation
and spiritual realization.
His Holiness, appeared
in this age for the revealment of this
great ideal and he has uncovered this
divine mystery and has brought a uni-
versal religion but not a new religion, a
religion which is the sum total, which is
the consummation, which is the gather-
ing together of all the past fragments
of truth into one scintillating whole.
The precious jewels and gems of realities
which were hidden and the thorns and
thistles of human misunderstandings are
again exposed and revealed to the sight
of men.
Universal religion, therefore, is in
need of a universal temple, not a temple
Where only rites and ceremonies are per-
formed but a temple which is the home
of universal love and service dedicating
all energies to the work of human salva-
tion. The real temple is the heart of
man. Wheii We build this temple in the
center of the heart we have the great-
est divine temple. The outward temple
must be a symbol, an outward expres-
sion of that spiritual temple in the heart
of humanity. The real temple Where
God dwells, the abode Where the Al-
mighty resides all through eternity is the
heart, provided We get hold of the broom
of the love of God. and sweep from the
chambers of this inner temple all the
cobvvebs, all the dust of the past ages
of ignorance, of superstition and imita-
tion. Wlhat are the cobwebs and the dust
with which the heart of humanity are
covered today? They are greed, passion,
lust, transgression, sin, all these things
are the devils standing at the gateway
of the human temple and not letting the
angels of self-sacrifice and of self-renun-
ciation and of divine emotions enter i11to
the abode of the Almighty. When the
temple of the heart is cleansed with this
spiritual broom and all the dust and
superstitions are scattered, then man Will
worship in that sacred shekinah, in that
inner sanctuary without the need of out-
ward Walls, or using the temporal
temple.
One of the great prophets of the orient
has uttered a Wonderful truth When he
said that God told him that, "The heav-
ens and the earth have not a place for
Me, they are too small to hold Me, but
the heart of a sincere lover, the heart of
a believer, is the spacious kingdom of My
presence." Wheii the horizon of the
heart is broadened, when the intellect
of man is expanded, thus allowing the
infiltration of the lights of divinity, then
those inner temples will become the home
of universal conscience and international
mind.

