STAR OF THE WEST 167
Juliet Thompson not long before We had
left New York. She had said With deep
earnestness, "\Vhen you are in the Mas-
ter"s presence do not be self-conscious,
if you can help it. Do not be afraid.
There is nothing to fear. He is all love
and kindness. Pray, pray, all the Way
011 your journey, that your hearts may
be freed from all self-consciousness. Go
to him freely, gladly!"
I had tried to remember that, I had
prayed for purity of heart that I might
learn the lessons the Master will teach
those who are ready to learn. And yet
as We rode up the steep road toward the
Tomb, there was a strange mixture of
love and dread and longing in my heart.
The Way seemed very long! And yet it
was very beautiful. Vie saw the valley
of Acca, with the river Ki-shon Winding
through it down to the sea. Across the
bay, Acca shone in the after-
noon "White Spot,"
which so many, many pilgrims have
sought because the Glory of God had
lived there.
Finally We turned ofi" from the main
road, a11d the carriage drove down a
steep incline toward the Mossafer Kaneh,
--the Persian Hospice for men. There
We alighted and Mrs. I-Ioagg led us
along a Wide path, which is bordered
With cypress trees on one side and With
fig trees on the other. \Ve passed the
house of the care-taker, With the little
room on top where the Master some-
times sleeps When He is on the moun-
tain, and walked around to the front
of the Tomb.
(To be continued)
Pen Pictures of Abdul-Baha in America
FROM THE DIARY OF JULIET 
(Continued from page 158)
AT the end of the divine talk the feast
was ready; but no sooner had this
been announced than a sudden storm
blew up. There was a pea-l of thunder,
the clouds rolled very low. Abdul-Baha
stepped out into the road and Went to
the extreme end of it, Where there was
a crossroad. There a chair had been left,
and, as I Watched him from a distance, I
saw him sit down while the Persians
stood around him. I then saw him lift
his face to the sky. He had gone very far
from the house; the thunder was still
threatening and the clouds were omi-
nously black. Suddenly a change came
with the wind. The clouds began to flee
across the sky, blue patches appeared,
the sun came out! Then Abdul-Baha
rejoined us in the grove. This I saw.
Later as We sat at the tables, he
anointed us With rose-water. I was not
at a table, but sitting on the ground
beneath a tree, With one or two believers.
"Friends here!" smiled Abdul-Baha.
In his voice was a deep and thrilling
joy, the union of hearts gives him such
rest.
But the Wonderful, the indescribably
Wonderful time came later. Abdul-Baha
Went- out alone and remained for hours.
When he returned it Was dark. A few
of us were sitting on the porch. Below
us on the grass sat the people, that is,
those Who had lingered. Their White
clothes in the dusk were as soft as moth
Wings. In their hands they held burn-
ing tapers, really to keep oif mosquitos!
but the effect Was of tiny Wands tipped
with red stars and the incense was like
some Eastern temple. It Was a fairy-
like picture.
Abdul-Baha took a chair in the cen-
ter of the step, and delicately holding a
taper himself, he spoke in words of
flame. I can see it all vividly still-and
shall through my trembling
(Continued on page 171)

