24 STAR OF
educate the girl. That was how Bahais
understood the equality of men and
women.
A Prophet Promised
Miss Stewart said she was a visitor
from Palestine. and the message she
brought to them from Abdul-Baha was
that men and Women were equal and
both must be educated. There were no
differences in the brains of Women a.nd
men. Given anopportunity the woman
would prove equal to a man and this
they had found in the colleges which
women also attended. Fifty years ago
women could not go to colleges but today
they could do so. She emphasized the
necessity of educating their girls.
Mirza Mahmood delivered a lecture
on "The proofs of the Bahai Religion
from the Mohammedan standpoint" say-
ing he Would treat the subject from the
hctdis and verses from the Koran. He
thought there Was no sect in the Moham-
medan community which Was not Waiting
for one to come from God and that there
were many prophecies in the Koran for
such an one. Quoting from a verse from
the Koran, he said there was a time to
come for every nation and it was mani-
fest that there Was also a limit to a
man 's life on earth. All, therefore, had
a moment in their lives, but the verse
referred to a nation. It should be a
fixed time for a certain nation. If the
Jews were asked if there was any pro-
phet to come they would deny it. So
also the Mohammedans, but the Bahais
said one Would come. God had fixed
six thousand years as the time for the
world to exist, but if any nation Went
against it, it was only a belief. The
Mohammedans thought their prophet
was the last to come in the world. He
would be ready to discuss this with the
Mohammedans at any other time. He
said-it Was related in a Koranic verse
that if the nation behaved honestly and
properly on the earth, it would live a
long life. The theologians had calcula-
THE WEST
ted a thousand years yet for the World
to end.
The sitting then adjourned till today.
Resolutions
At the morning sessions of the Con-
vention, the following resolutions were
passed.
That a supplication signed by all the
Bahais in India and Burma be submit-
ted to Abdul-Baha praying for a visit
to this country.
That a Mashreq'ul-Azkar Committee
be formed to .collect funds to erect a
Mashreq'i1l-Azkar in India.
That a school be started for the edu-
cation of Bahai children in Bombay.
That teachers be sent out to the dif-
ferent parts of India for spreading the
Cause.
(From The Times of India, Bombay,
December 30, 1920-.)
THE BAHAI CONVENTION
End of the Sessions
The third day 's sessions of the Bahai
Convention were brought to a close last
evening when it again met in the hall
of the Association, Forbes Street. Mr.
Hashmatullah presided. There was a
large attendance and among the audi-
ence Were Prof. Geddes, Mr. A. Rang-
swami Ayar, Prof. Shirazi, Miss Stewart,
Mr. N. R. Vakil and Prof. Pritam Singh.
Mirza Mahmood speaking in Urdu on
Universal Peace said that 
had said that he desired but the good
of the World and the happiness of the
nations; that all nations should become
one in faith and all men brothers; that
the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men should be
strengthened and that diversity of re-
ligion should cease and differences, of
race be annulled. He said "So it shall
be, these fruitless strifes, these ruinous
wars shall pass away and the 'most great
peace' shall come." That was the mes-
sage he gave them if they desired to see
the happiness of mankind. The lecturer
told them .tl1at Abdul-Baha, in a Tablet,

