STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity
between the sons of men shall be strengthen ed, that diversity of religion shall cease and
difierences of -race be annulled. So it sha1l,be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars
shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace shall 
Vol. 12 Sultan l, 77 (January 19, 1922) No. 17
The, Ascension of Abdul-Baha
Account from Newspapers and Letters, received and translated by Dr. Zia M.
Bagdadi, December 192-1, Chicago.
[Article from newspaper Aomafir, Haifa, December 6, 1921.]
MOST GREAT DEPARTURE OF THE
PERSONIFICATION OF HUMANITARIANISM,
ABDUL-BAHA 
HIS Holiness Abdul-Baha Abbas de-
parted from this world and
ascended to the Most Glorious Abha
Kingdom, November 28th, at 1 :30 a. 
1921, at Haifa, Palestine.' The funeral
was on Tuesday, November 29th, at 9
a. m.
Brief Life History of Abdul-Bctha
He was b-orn in Teheran, Persia, on
May 23, 1844, on the same day as the
declaration of the Bab, the first Herald
of the Bahai Cause. After the martyr-
dom of the Bab the name and fame of
B-AHA was spread throughout
Persia to such a degree that the Shah
was frightened and exiled BAHA 
and his family to Bagdad. At that time
Abdul-Baha Was about nine years old.
There in Bagdad he remained with his
father for eleven years. The people be-
c.ame immensely attracted to him and
were inspired by his infinite wisdom and
teachings. The pilgrims from Persia
travelled to see him and his prison Was a
new "Mecca" to them and they flocked
around him seeking his guidance and
blessing. This alarmed the Shah of Per-
sia and he requested the Turkish gov-
ernment to exile them away from the
Persian border, i. Mesopotamia. The
Turkish government accordingly ban-
ished him to Constantinople, and later to
Adrianople Where they remained for five
years.
The number of pilgrims and visitors
from all parts of the East kept increas-
ing to such an extent that the sultan of
Turkey became alarmed and after con-
sultation with the Persian government
the prisoners were sent to the Most Great
Prison in Acca, the oldest fortified city
on the coast of the Holy Land. Here
Abdul-Baha remained a prisoner for
forty years, surrounded by the spies of
the Sultan Abdul Hamid, enduring un-
told sufferings from the tyrannical Turk-
ish rule.
In 1892 his father, BAHA as-
cended to the Supreme Kingdom and his
physical body was laid in Bahjee, near
Acca. In 1908 Abdul-Baha Was freed
from the prison city by the declaration
of the New Constitution When Sultan
Abdul Hamid Was dethroned and im-
prisoned. Abdul-Baha then built a home
for himself in Haifa, and on Mount
Carmel he built the Tomb for the Bab.
Later he brought the remains of the
Bab and laid them in that most beauti-
ful and sublime shrine.
Abdul-Baha left his sister, "The.
Greatest Holy Leaf," his Wife, "The

