STAR OF THE WEST 137
Giffrin, and myself so far as his fairly
extensive property (on the slope of Oar-
mel above Haifa) is concerned. He
granted the land for the two new public
roads which are required, without ac-
cepting compensation on the land taken,
and he also presented a substantial piece
of ground for the public school which is
required in that vicinity, some 4,000
square metres.
Dr. Oiffrin, in his architectural ca-
pacity has produced a fine scheme for a
monumental stairway and cypress ave-
nue leading uphill from the Templar
Boulevard upon the level plain, to the
central meeting place of the Bahai com-
munity in Haifa, which as all Bahais
doubtless know, contains the Tomb of the
Bab.
For this scheme, (of which the design
is a gift by Dr. Oiifrin) between ?2,000
and ?3,000 will be required but he and
I and other friends and sympathizers are
confident that this sum will readily be
subscribed within a reasonable time by
the many members and friends of the
Bahai Cause throughout the world. Sir
Abbas at once expressed himself as ap-
proving the design, and gratified by it,
as at once a useful and needed access,
and a beautiful and dignified memorial.
He granted the land, and promised also
to compensate from his own ground, the
small portion of a Moslem neighbor's
ground which is also required to com-
plete the scheme. He further gave a
subscription of ?100 to begin the list;
but While authorizing us to open a sub-
scription list, and send it to friends and
sympathize-rs, he charged us to be care-
ful to explain this as a purely voluntary
matter, and not to represent him as in
any way pressing his followers or friends
to subscribe, and this We of course prom-
ised to do.
We are thus however free to say that
all subscriptions may be sent to The
Treasurer", Bab emorial ff/0
Dr. Cifirivz, Mtmicipal E"/tgineer, Haifa,
Palestine.
Pen Pictures of Abdul-Baha in America
(Continued from page 135)
(still pouring forth his 
with a step so vibrant it shook; you;
piercing our souls with those strange
eyes; uplifting his eyes till glory
seemed to stream upon them; talking-
talking--moving back and forth inces-
cantly, with restless gestures; pushing
back his turban, revealing the sweep of
the line of his great
dome; pushing it forward again almost
down to his gave him
a peculiar majesty; charging, filling
the room with magnetic currents,--with
a mysterious energy. Once he burst
into the room, a child upon his shoul-
der. F=or a moment he held her, caress-
ing her with richest love. Then he set
her down among the roses.
On Thursday Abdul-Baha dined at
the Turkish Embassy and I was priv-
ileged to be there. Never, I think, have
I seen a table so beautiful. It was like
a rose-garden. Roses lay in melting
loveliness its whole length, rising in a
great rose-pink mound in the center,
Where sat Abdul-Baha.
There are times when he looks colos-
sal, when his holiness shines dazzlingly.
That night he was all in light garments.
He gave a great address on the civiliza-
tions built on the basic teachings of the
prophets; then he spoke of the dinner
as "a Wonderful occasion." "The East
and the West," he said, "are met in
perfect love tonight."
There was a something in his words
as he spoke them, a something so poig-
nant, so revealing of the realities of
things, so creative of flame that tears
rushed to my eyes. Later he spoke of
the deep significance of the two interna-
tional marriages represented there.
The Turkish ambassador made an ad-
dress. He called him "the Unique One

