STAR OF THE WEST
(I
We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' 'shall 
Vol. 12 Elm 1, 77 (October, 16, 1921) No. 12
A Week in Abdul-Baha's Home
BY L. Cor
(Continued from page 188)
IT must have been after seven when we
Went out into the garden. We Walked
about a bit, and then Rouhi Effendi and
Mirza Lotfullah came out to Wish us
good-morning. On the previous evening
we had told Rouhi Effendi that we were
going up to the Tomb early in the morn-
ing. But when he saw us there, he
said, "You really came! I didn't think
you would! Americans never get up
early!" At which we laughed much!
Rouhi Effendi's English is very good,>>
but sometimes a phrase or some slang
expression is used which he does not
understand. He looks courteously ques-
tioning, half surprised, and waits for
some one to explain!
The two young men talked to us for
a few minutes, and then asked whether
we would like to seethe circle of cypress
trees where BAI-IA used to sit.
Of course we wanted to see them, and
so Mirza Lotfullah Went. with us. while
Rouhi Efiendi went to the 
house. I wondered whether the Master
had already gone down the mountain,
and decided that he probably had, be-
cause it was after seven.
Mirza Lotfullah led us up a path,
onto a terrace back of the Tomb, and
there we saw the circle of cypress trees.
There are ten of them, planted quite
close together so that their boughs inter-
lace, forming an almost solid wall. They
are on a bit of ground which is raised
about three feet from the surrounding
field, and is held up by a stone wall.
We went up into the circle of ground
between the trees. Above our heads was
a small circle of blue sky. The ground
was brown with needles from the trees.
I thought of the Blessed Beauty, and
was glad that at one time in His storm-
tossed life He had been able to withdraw
to that quiet green spot. But we had
been there only a few minutes, when
Rouhi Effendi came toward us, calling
that the Master wished to see us! And
we went on eager feet, following Rouhi
Effendi to Abbas Ku]i's house?'
Cora was ahead of me, and she told
me afterward that when she entered the
room where the M-aster was sitting on
a divan, she was not sure what to do!
He bade her welcome, but still she stood
in the doorway! Then he rose, held out
his hands and motioned her to a chair.
She Went and sat down. Just then I
came in, and the Master motioned me
to a chair beside Cora. I cannot re-
member whether he shook hands with us
or not. (Usually he shook hands with
us when we left him, but not when we
came into his presence.) Mirza Lotfullah
and Rouhi Effendi sat by the door, and
a tall Persian or Turkish man sat
near us.
The room we were in had a north
window, which looked out over the Bay
of Acca. Like all windows i11 the eastern
houses, it had several iron bars across
it to keep out intruders. The house is
high on the hillside and there was a
wonderful view across the bay. The
Master sat on a divan in front of the
window, and occasionally arranged some
letters and other small objects, which
*Abbas Kuli is the caretaker of the
Tomb of the Bab.

