STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
TABLET FROM ABDUL--BAI-IA
ye apostles of BAHA my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE Wnsr, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the West, they may become informed with the most important events.
Anus.
 
Editorial Stafl': ALBERT R. M. BAGDAD1
Honorary Member: AHMAD SOHRAB
 
V01. 12 Mulk 1, 77 (February 7, 1922) No. 18
"You must not injure yourselves or commit suicide"
Letter from Ahmad Tobrizi to>> Dr. Zia Bagdadi.
Haifa, Palestine,
November 29, 1921.
My dear brother:
I am grieved to announce to you in
brief that the Master, Abdul-Baha, has
ascended to the Kingdom by his own
Will. In some of his Writings and Tab-
lets which are not yet made public, he
clearly stated in regard to his departure.
Also in his talks to the friends, in the
meetings and even to the strangers and
visitors he made similar remarks. Soon
I will Write you and send you the de-
tails.
His latest advices and admonitions to
the friends are to the effect that they
must be in perfect unity and harmony.
He said: "There shall not be any
separation among the believers because
BAHA has appointed the House
of Justice to be the authority. In the
future many false traditions and untrue
statements will appear, but the men of
the House of Justice Will with great
power stop the mouths of the liars. All
difficult problems must be referred to
the House of Justice."
Mirza Abul Hassan Afnan (a noble
gentleman from the family of the Bab,
for many years living near Ab dul-Baha 
realizing the approach of the most great
calamity--the Master 's 
not Wait to see it, and therefore he
drowned himself here, in the sea.
The Master, in advising us and all
the friends, said: "You must not injure
yourselves or commit suicide. . . .
It is not permissible to do to your-
selves What Mirza Hassan Afnan did to
himself. Should anyone at any time
encounter hard and perplexing times,
he must say to himself, 'This Will soon
pass.' Then he will be calm and quiet.
In all my calamity and difficulties I
used to say to myself, 'This Will pass
away.' Then I became patient. If any-
one cannot be patient and cannot en-
dure, and if he wishes to become a mar-
tyr, then let him arise in service to the
Cause of God. It Will be better for him

