14- STAR OF THE WEST
sage to others. The Bahais have no or-
ganized missionary headquarters. Be-
cause their cardinal creed is the Father-
hood of -God and the Brotherhood of
Man, they have no theolo-gical wrangles
and no metaphysical speculations."
QUESTION: "Do the Bahai teachings
renovate the individual private life"! Or
are they only a set of principles for the
adjustment of general relations between
men, Without the necessary requirement
of personal regeneration? 
ANSWER: "The teachings of BAHA-
are the breaths of the Holy
Spirit which create men anew. P'er-
sonal amity, both in private and public,
is emphasized and insisted upon."
Qiinsrtonz "What do the Bahais be-
lieve'i"'
ANSWER: "They believe that man-
kind must love mankind, that universal
amity must be practiced; that dead dog-
mas must be thrown away; that We are
at the threshold of the Era of Independ-
ence; that We must forget prejudice and
that universal love must, become the
dominant note of the Twentieth Cen-
tury."
Qiunsrio-N': "What do the Bahais
teach?"
ANSWER: "They teach that the in-
ternal, spiritual idea is the same in all
the religions; that a unique general plan
underlies the foundation of the past
faiths; that priestcraft has discredited
the Religions of God; that the active,
divine idea is hidden under the incrus-
tation of dead ecclesiasticism; that re-
ligion must shuffle ofi its tattered gar-
ments of medieval ages and put on the
robe of the Universal Precepts of God."
Qonsrron: "What is the Bahai
Faith?"
ANSWER: "Trust in God. Be kind
to their fellow-men, fill the World With
the spirit of love. The spirit of faith
in a Bahai is very strong. His trust
is in the grace of the Holy Spirit."
Later, about the history and teach-
ings of the Cause, etc., they said to
Abdul-Baha: "We (the Missionary
World) are Watching with great inter-
est the progress of this movement, for
it seems to us it is advancing With great
rapidity Without the usual organization,
which to us hard-headed Americans is
so essential and necessary. are
Watching to see What will be the ob-
jective aim of this Cause."
Abdul-Baha, replied: "The objective
aims are: The Oneness of the world of
humanity, Universal Peace, Universal
Love, International Co-operation and
reciprocity; the promotion of the prin-
ciples of human consanguinity and
solidarity, and the establishment of the
Kingdom of God, first, in the hearts of
man and then upon earth. These are
the noble objective aims. Are you not
in sympathy with them? V\Till you not
also do your utmost to hasten that day?
What harm is there in this? We are
working day and night for the realiza-
tion of these ideas and purposes. God
and His servants are also pleased With
these souls who are serving under a dif-
ferent flag and in a difierent camp to
act-ualize these principles of humanity."
After several questions Abdul-Baha
said to them: "The doors of colleges
and universities must be Wide open to
the adherents of all religions and the
members of all nationalities, so that
these people from widely scattered coun-
tries may meet and associate with each
other in those educational institutions,
learn each other's customs and habits,
interchange their ideas and discard their
purposeless prejudices. In this Way
these young men and Women will grow
up with the ideas of world patriotism.
There are a number of Missionary Col-
leges in the East that are dogmatically
sectarian, trying all the time to teach
the students the falsity of their parents'
religions and the grandeur and sublim-
ity of Christianity. The net result has
been a woeful failure, for generally the
students turn out of the college with
no religion. Thus it has been witnessed

