STAR OF THE WEST 307
Requiem Tablet revealed for Lillian Kappes
Tablet Magfaret (Requiem) for the
maid-servant of God, Miss 
Upon her be BAHA El-Abha!
my God and my Helper!
Verily, I place my forehead in the
dust and raise my hands toward heaven
and call upon Thee with a heart Whose
waves surge i11 Thy remembrance, and
with tears that are falling in Thy love,
and a spirit which is moving by Thy
goodness and favor and a soul that is
increasingly thirsty, seeking the wine
of Thy forgiveness and Thy pardon,
and we are saying:
Forgiver of sins and faithful Be-
stower of pardon and Protector from
misfortune and Compassionate to the
creatures! Verily Thy maid-servant
was a stranger, alone, a unique one in
Thy path; and far from her native land
in the path of Thy love she was cer-
tainly approaching toward Thee and
was seeking the glad-tidings of Thy
favor and goodness. Then the hearts of
Thy friends became saddened by her
death?" The tears of the pure and of
Thy chosen ones were flowing and from
the hearts of Thy servants wailing and
weeping arose, sympathy was estab-
lished for Thy maid-servant and con-
solation for Thy friends whose hearts
were burning and whose tears were
flowing. The hot fire of sorrow was
aflame within their Vitals; they were
weeping as a mother weeps for her
dead child. In this way they were seek-
ing consolation and favor for her, with
burning hearts and with breasts filled
with the marks of grief for this great
calamity.
my God! Grant to her life im-
measurable, excellence and companion-
ship With the birds of Paradise in the
eternal World. She is leaving this un-
*See STAR or THE WE-sr, Vol. 11, No.
19, page 324.
real world and arriving at Thy Holy
Presence in the world eternal and she
has become purified from the stain of
sins, liberated and saved from the
world. God illumine her face With
the light of Thy mercy and make frag-
rant her nostrils with the perfume of
the garden of Thy unity and make her
eyes radiant by loeholding the Divine
Face of her Lord, and appoint for her a
place in the true statio-n of nearness by
Thy mercy; and open the gates unto her,
putting her in communication with the
Holy Leaves among the maid-servants
and companions and aid her to reach
the Kingdom of Mysteries in radiant
Light.
Verily Thou art the Forgiver and the
Kind! Verily Thou art the Lord of
Mercy and Forgivenness!
She entered in unto Thee and into
the path of Thy favor and goodness. I
ask of Thee to bestow upon her a benev-
olent station; to accept her efforts and
grant to her signs of favor and a sta-
tion of kindness and pardon. God!
she had faith in Thee and in Thy Verses
and was attracted by Thy fragrances
and was reading Thy Words and Verses
a11d giving the glad-tidings of the dawn
of Thy pure unity and she called upon
Thy Name in Thy regions.
She left her native land and remained
apart from family ties and brothers, en-
during every trouble and distress and
was content to accept the bitterness of
separation for the love of teaching the
children. And with enthusiasm educat-
ing the girls she lived in distant cities
during long years and periods and was
patient in every difficulty. Morn and
eve she was endeavoring to clarify the
intellects of the innocent children of
good families and failed not in giving
out daily that which was required of
her in that distant region. She gave
her hand unwearied every night and

