STAR OF THE WEST Z13
look on Mrs. Hoagg's face when she
spoke of the Master's longing for unity
among the friends. His only happiness
is to know of the increase of unity among
the believers, and of their spreading
the Cause. His face always becomes sad
if he hears of any contention or lack of
harmony. "If people in America could
see the Master, could realize how he
works, they would never do anything to
sadden him," she said. When one is in
the Master 's presence it seems utterly
impossible that one should ever do any-
thi11g that would sadden, or make any
heavier the load of work he carries! "In
the light of his holy presence, all desire
dies save the desire to be like him."
Later in the morning Cora and I were
called in to see the Master. Rouha Kha-
num translated for us. We gave the
Master the letters We had brought from
American friends. We asked him to
bless the ringstones and rosaries we had
bought at Mirza Enyat 'Ullah's shop. He
took them in his hands, said a few words
that must have been a prayer, kissed
them, and handed them back to us. And
so we brought back to America Bahai
ringstones, made doubly precious by his
touch of love.
The Master said that he was sorry not
to have seen us more, but that he had
been very busy While we were there.
"But," he continued, "it is not the
length of time that one spends here that
is important. Some people stay a short
time, and then go and do great service.
Other people are here a long time, and
they learn nothing. There is some wood
that is very dry: it catches fire quickly
and burns well. There is other wood
that is so wet that it will not burn even
though you should try for a whole day.
There is no result but smoke. It will not
blaze, it will not keep any one warm;
it will not even cook anything!" As he
said the latter he smiled. But when
Rouha Khanum translated it, Cora
laughed out loud. That seemed to de-
light the Master, for he laughed very
heartily with the most unaffected enjoy-
ment.
Cora asked how one should teach the
Bahai Movement to our United States
southerners, among whom race-prejudice
is so strong. He said, "Go slowly at
first. Be kind and courageous and pa-
tient. L-ive the Bahai life among these
people. Do not mind if they oppose you.
Their prejudice is so strong. It is like
a religion. But when they become
Bahais they will be very good and sin-
cere ones. But at first teach the prin-
ciples and be kind to them. The rest will
follow in time."
After this we went and talked with
some of the ladies of the household.
Soon the Master called for Mabel and
Sylvia, and gave Sylvia a Bahai name,
Badia, Which means "something new
and wonderful." We were not present
when he gave her the name, but Mabel
said that he walked up and down the
room, radiating power and love.
When Sylvia came back with her new
name, the Holy Mother brought out a
box of candy, in honor of Sylvia's name-
day. The candy was white with a little
chocolate center. Bringing it out in
Sylvia 's honor was one of the sweetest,
kindest acts of simple thoughtfulness
that we saw in Haifa. Needless to say,
Sylvia Badia Paine was a very happy
girl that day.
It was on that morning that the
Greatest Holy Leaf showed us the pic-
tures of BAHA and the Bab. We
had already seen pictures of the Bab,
and so I think most of our attention
was centered on the photograph of
BAHA The pictured face was of
dignity, power and majesty. But the
feeling of the power, the glory, the
supreme Reality of BAHA which
came to me in Haifa, did not come from
seeing His photograph. That Reality is
living and vibrant in the unselfish lives
of the friends; it makes radiant the at-
mosphere of the Tomb on Mt. Carmel
and the Tomb at Bahjee; it shines from
the Master 's eyes.

