STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 12 Masheyat 1, 77 (September Z7, 1921) No. ll
A Week in Abdul-Baha's Home
BY GENEVIEVE L. Cor
[Continued from page 167]
IN front of the tomb of the Bab We
found perhaps thirty of the men pil-
grims sitting. One of the most majestic
Was a tall man, dressed in a long black
robe,--one of the Bahai teachers from
Ishkabad. And with all his dignity, he
had the most beautiful laughter-
Wrinkles around his eyes! One soon
realized the cause of the latter, for he
smiled almost all the time!
were shown to seats in front of
the Tomb, on the edge of the beautiful
garden of the terrace. We were told
that the Master would come soon. Dur-
ing the last few days I had prayed so
much for the ability to learn to serve the
many children of the Father. I had
found myself trying to imagine What the
Master's presence would be 
then had tried not to do that for fear I
would be hindering my realization of
his actual presence! And so I had tried
to go to him With only the thought of
the love of God in my heart.
Suddenly all of the believers rose and
faced the East. Then, from around the
corner of the Tomb came the Master
with two of the young men Walking a
little behind him. He came slowly to-
Ward us, and said, "Welcome, Wel-
come!" in English; and then, "Sit
down, sit down!" Sylvia sat next him;
then Mabel Paine, myself, Cora, and
Mrs. Hoagg. The other friends Were
beyond her, in two rows.
When the Master had Walked toward
us, it seemed to me that I had seen him
come just that Way at some previous
time. seemed to be so beautifully
familiar to me! I suppose it must have
seemed so because of the pictures I have
seen of him, and the stories I have heard
other pilgrims tell. It was a moment
that one Would prolong if one could, that
one would never forget!
The Master began to speak in Persian,
gag
The Tomb of the Bab on Mt. Carmel
and Rouhi Effendi translated into Eng-
lish. He asked several questions; he
talked of principles of living. So1ne-
times he Would be silent for several min-
utes,--Witl1 his eyes looking far, far
away. It is very difficult to remember
much of What he said. Indeed, it Was
almost difficult to listen!
I wished only to look and look at the
beauty of his face! For that Was What
impressed me first,--the exquisite beauty
of the Master. It Was like the most
beautiful pictures we have of him, with
life and color added. His is a face of
living silver--the wonderful silver of
hair and beard, and the blue of his eyes.
The side face is majestic and sweet and
loving. It Was that which We saw most
of the time. The full face is more dig-

