22 STAR OF
were Weak. He then called upon Prof.
Shirazi to deliver his lecture. The pro-
ceedings Were partly in Urdu and partly
in English.
Prof. Shirazi told them in a logical
manner that they needed divine educa-
tion and unless they had this education
they could not prove useful to society.
Education only could make them what
they ought to be and this was of three
kinds, viz., spiritual, physical and hu-
man; spiritual because they would know
their Creator and their duties towards
Him; physical because it would help
them to live an honorable life in the
world, and human, because it would
teach them how to behave in society. He
then described their past history and
said it Was a problem for them as to
how they should become united. Divine
education was needed to lead all nations
to arbitration instead of war and this
could be brought about by a universal
language. There must be a new re-
ligion for the world, not the existing
religions. The only thing that must be
inaugurated was the New Gospel which
must be constructive and not destruc-
tive. The speaker impressed upon them
that there was need for divine education
on earth in order to bring glory to all
races and to bring them into unity.
Mr. N. R. Vakil then delivered a lec-
ture on "Universal Religion," saying
that there was something very high for
a man to achieve, and that was to know
God and to achieve perfection. For this
education was necessary. He referred
to the various traditions and scriptures
bearing on the subject at length and ex-
plained the principles of 
and described the life of Abdul-Baha
and his vicissitudes for the furtherance
of the movement. They wanted the
League of Nations, as they did not want
to go to war, whether they were Bahais
or non-Bahais. Their belonging to one
community or the other made no differ-
ence in the light of God. He emphasized
the need of a universal language to at>>
THE WEST
tain this object and cited Esperanto as
the probable one.
Messrs. amshed Khodadad and Aga
Syed Mustufa Rumi also spoke, the for-
mer on the fulfillment of Zoroastrian
prophecies leading to the Manifestation
of and the latter on the
"New Dispensation, its proofs from
Jewish and Christian Scriptures," quot-
ing hadvls in support of his arguments.
The Convention then adjourned till
today.
(From The Times of India, Bombay,
December 29, 1920.)
THE BAHAI CONVENTION
The ext Avatar
The Bahai Convention resumed its sit-
tings last evening in the hall of the Asso-
ciation, Forbes Street. Prof. Shirazi
presided. There was again a large audi-
ence and lectures were delivered on dif-
ferent subjects in the vernacular bearing
on the Bahai movement.
The president explained that all the
Bahais believed that once more from
God a new Manifestation had come with
new teachings verging towards the unity
of mankind. They were not a sect of
any of 'the existing religions. Their
movement contained new ideas and
thoughts and they did not have to fol-
low other religions. Whoever came
from his standpoint of religion to their
fold they believed would be united and
have a religion of religions. The great
manifestation of India was to be found in
the Avatar, "Am I born, am I to estab-
lish it?" If they did not heed this, war-
fare might reign and there would be no
spiritual life on earth. All prophets
have manifested on earth. Why should
it not be possible, then, in this glorious
century that one would come'! If there
was something in the World of humanity
that could produce a man who should
claim Godhood to mankind, it could be
found in the message of the Bahai move-
ment and he gave them that message.

