STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire bu_t the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. S0 11; shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. lZ Azamat 1, 77 (May l7, 1921) No. 4-
The Temple of Universal Fundamental
Oneness of All Existing Faiths
Address of JENABE FAZE-L, delivered at the Bahai Congress, at Auditorium
Hotel, Chicago, Sunday afternoon, April 24, 1921. Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab, interpreter. Stenographically reported by
Frederick H. Gurtler.
IT IS indeed our supreme pleasure and
happiness to have the privilege this
afternoo-n to speak before this glowing
audience of men and Women. Praise be
to God, that we are today living in an
age, in a cycle, in which the mysteries
of God, the secrets of nature, are ex-
posed and revealed so that man may
study these laws and gain Wisdom. Such
mysteries and secrets Which have been
known to man from time immemorial,
these divine, intellectual, spiritual, ar-
tistic secrets of the world of God are
all exposed by God so that we may gain
benefit and attain to perfection.
When, seventy years ago, 
LLAI-I, in Persia, laid the foundation of
the -oneness of religion and declared the
possibility, nay, the realization of a uni-
versal religion, people who were doctrin-
aires scoffed at such an idea. and
thought it was impossible, but today
through the diffusion of the light of
knowledge and education every forward-
looking man and woman has come to the
conclusion that the greatest need of
the world of humanity is universal re-
ligion, and no other.
In those past ages when people lived
in the obscurity of ignorance and nar-
row-mindedness, not becoming acquaint-
ed with the contents of each other's
sacred book, not realizing that their
prophets have all come to teach them
the law of love and unity, they looked
upon one another with the eyes of a
stranger, they anathematized one an-
other, they thought that they were the
peculiar, t_he sacred, the divine race while
the rest of mankind Were barbarians,
savages, and deprived of the mercy of
God.
His Holiness, even long
before he declared his spiritual mission
to mankind in 1863, in all his Writings,
in all his utterances, likened the religions
of the World to so many pure mirrors
reflecting the rays of the Sun of Reality.
He proved beyond a shadow of doubt
through his divine power and spiritual
words, creative and inspiring, that all
the seven religions of the world were
originally like unto pure, lim-
pid rivers which were flowing from the
heart o-f God, from the heart of His
manifestations through the deserts of hu-
man concepts, but as they flowed on and
on they gathered the mud, the refuse,
they were discolored by human creeds
and human imaginations and human
fanaticism, and by the time they reached
the ocean they were no more the pure
water coming out of the Rock of Ages,
but they were flowing mud.
Again likened the world
unto a universiity, the prophets being
the teachers and the professors of this
college or school, and as it is the aim and

