STAR OF THE WEST 23
BANQUET AND RECEPTION OF THE FIRST ALL-INDIA BAHAI CONVENTION
He then called upon Mr. A. Rangswami
Ayar to deliver his lecture on "The
Kalanki Avatar."
Mr. Ayar began his lecture by quota-
tions from Sans-crit, saying cowardice
and delusions were denounced by their
ancient m'sh/is but what was it that pre-
vented them from humility and the
glory of God? These were catalogued
by the Hindu sages into two heads, the
pashugynan and the the
latter being the pride of intellect that
man was superior to everything. But
he would say that self-glory and aggran-
dizement prevented them from knowing
the glory of God.
People Forget Religion
Mr. N. R. Vakil, speaking in Gujerati,
said that the Hindu religion and other
religions foretold the coming of an Ava-
tar and the fourth chapter of the Bhaga-
vad Gita was a testimony to this in which
Krishna was mentioned as the next
Avatar. But he did not like to dwell
upon it at length. He would say when
people in the World became irreligious
there would Ava-
tar would appear and he asked if there
was any religion so firm that it could not
be destroyed? But there was none on
earth. Then how could they live on
earth? People desired money and glory
and the elevation of themselves and for-
got their religion by being absorbed in
affairs. He would say the fault
was not theirs. The fault lay at the
doors of their teachers who taught them
wrongly and they became tired of their
religion and it spread in the Wrong way.
It was now time for them to look for the
Avatar of God. If they knew it, they
would be satisfied with it and it was for
them to know the Spirit of God. The
Hindu religion that predicted the Ava-
tar Krishna, meant 
Mr. Hashmatulla spoke on the equal-
ity of men and Women in the Bahai
cause. He said the principles of the Ba-
hai teachings considered the education of
a girl of the utmost importance for the
future generation of men, and that boys
would be able to support themselves.
Women needed education to bring up
good children and that was the message
Abdul-Baha had given them. Abdul-
Baha had told them that if they had a
boy and a girl to be educated, they should

