STAR OF
manifest by Thy l\'lanifestation to all
who are in Thy earth and heaven.
God! This is a Day, the Light of
which Thou hast sanctified above the sun
and its effulgence. 1 testify that this
Day is illumined by the Light of Thy
Face and by the effulgence of the dawn-
ing Lights of Thy Manifestation."
my servants! Ye are the trees of
My garden; ye must bear fresh and
beautiful fruits, that we and others may
be profited by them. Therefore it is
necessary for you to engage in arts
and business. This is the means
of attaining wealth, ye possessors of
intellect. Afiairs depend upon means,
and the blessing of God will appear
therein and will enrich you. Fruitless
trees have been and will be fit only for
fire."
The chairman, introducing Mr. Alfred
E. Lunt, said:
"There is a cry for social justice.
Some new adjustment of the economic
situation is necessary. Through the ap-
plication of the Bahai principles there
will be 'not warfare, but perfect wel-
fare.' 
Mr. Lunt i11 part said: "The problem
today is as truly universal as any ma-
terial problem can ever become. because
all are in need of food and shelter. Un-
der the feudalism of the middle ages,
humanity was in a grasp so unyielding
that apparently nothing could unloose
it. Much worse was it than modern
slavery. It was accepted as a necessity
of existence. But even today there are
many thousands who utter the cry of
despair; 'Let me die! Let 1ne die!'
This is the feeling of vast masses of
people placed in a degradation which
even the brute does not experience. This
is the operation of that inexorable law of
nature which knows no mercy.
"But now, through the influx of divine
justice. humanity has sought freedom
from this cruel law. But much of dis-
aster yet remains. The attitude of some
elements of humanity toward others is
comparable to the wolf that destroys his
I-V 
kind or the devil fish that shows malice
toward its own. Among men, the rule
of the law of the survival of the fittest
illustrates this unhappy state. Human
laws fail, for rules relating to the con-
tingent world do not apply to the true
world of man. A king once divided
equally all the property of his realm, in
the hope that his subjects would enjoy
perfect freedom. The efforts failed, be-
cause he tried to get results on the human
plane, without relying on the power
that attracts the hearts. Under the oper-
ation of the divine law the poor are ex-
empted from burdensome taxes. In-
heritance taxes and profit-sharing also
lighten the burdens of humanity by a
more equitable distribution of wealth.
The divine Kingdom inaugurates the
sway of love. Each attracted soul is like
a lamp with the oil and Wick. The oil is
dark and cold and the wick is deep in
the lamp. But when it is touched by the
flame it becomes bright and luminous.
So touched by the flame of Divinity, man
realizes that spiritual brotherhood for
which he was created."
anabe Fazel spoke on the conformity
of science and religion--the universal
education of the future.
C0n12ent'i0n--l-Vednesday orwing.
Janabe Fazel said in part, "Unity is
the favorite theme of Abdul-Baha. The
unity and fragrance of this Convention
will bring joy to his heart. The work of
education in the Orient is progressing. I
wish to express gratitude and apprecia-
tion to the American friends for their
aid. The Mashreq'ul-Azkar at Hama-
dan, Persia, seats one thousand. The
friends sit on the floor in Oriental fash-
ion. They conduct a school, a store and
public bath. The store helps the reve-
nues of the school. In that city there
are many thousands of Jews a11d the
Bahai Jews are numerous. The tie of
universal brotherhood is strengthened by
their knowledge that there are friends
beyond the seas who are thinking of
them. On festal occasions the children
who are helped by friends here are called
89

