STAR OF THE WEST 139
was only eight o'clock, quite a crowd
had gathered already and I felt that
our morning was doomed to be a broken
one. Not only that, but the light in all
the rooms I saw was very poor and weak
and the delicate wallpapers with bunches
of flowers on them you could not think
of putting behind his head! For a while
I was in despair, for I dared not offer
the suggestion that was in my mind. In
the end, however, the artist overcame the
disciple in me and, begging Abdul-Baha
to forgive me if I were doing a wrong
thing, I asked if he would pose in New
York instead. This he consented to do
so freely and sweetly that I had no more
qualms about it.
The next day, while I was Waiting in
the hall to be announced, a door opened
and there stood Abdul-Baha, beckoning
to me. He was alone, so we had to fall
back on his English and my Persian. A
precious little talk it was!
Then the translator arrived.
"Tell Juliet," began Abdul-Baha at
once, "that she teaches well." (I re-
peat this praise only because it is his!)
have met many people who have been
affected by you, Juliet. You are not
eloquent, you are not fluent, but your
heart teaches. You speak with an emo-
tion, a feeling which makes people ask,
'What is this that she has?' Then they
inquire! they seek and find. It is so,
too, with Lua. You never find Lua
speaking with dry eyes. You will be
confirmed; a great bounty will descend
upon you. You will become eloquent.
Your tongue will be loo-sed. Teach, al-
ways teach. The confirmations of the
Holy Spirit will descend upon those who
teach constantly. Never feel fear. The
Holy Spirit will give you the words to
say. ever fear. You will grow
stronger and stronger.' 
His vibrant power as he spoke thrilled
me and fear was banished forever from
my mind. The grand courage of that
erect head and uplifted hand, the abso-
lute confidence in God for me--I am
sure I shall always see this when in the
future I begin to speak.
NEVV YORK
O11 Saturday, Abdul-Baha returned,
Saturday, May 11, just one month from
his first arrival.
His little apartment at the Hudson
Apartment House on Riverside Drive
was high above the world; its windows
framed the sky. Now they were all
open and the breeze blew in freshly from
the river.
About five o'clock he came. Oh, the
coming of that presence! If only, only
I could convey to the future the great
vibration of it! The hearts are almost
suffocated with joy, the eyes burn with
tears at that step! It is futile to try
to express it! Sometimes when the sun
breaks through the clouds and spreads
a great glow, like a pouring out of fire
from its heart, I get something of that
feeling.
Taking a seat by the window Abdul-
Baha began to talk to us, with supreme
love and gladness, wittily, eloquently,
tenderly, carrying us up on wings of
fire to the apex of sublime feeling, then
turning our tears to sudden little rip-
ples of laughter as an unexpected gleam
of wit flashed out, then melting our
hearts with his yearning affection.
On the 13th of May a meeting of
the Peace Conference was held at the
Hotel Astor, at which Abdul-Baha was
the guest of honor and the chief speaker.
Dr. Grant was one of the speakers. He
sat at the right of Abdul-Baha, Rabbi
Wise to the left--the Jewish rabbi, the
Christian clergyman! Ah, the symbol-
ism of that trio sitting together in the
foreground of the platform, with the
Center of the Covenant for its center!
He who had come to unite the Jews and
Christians 
Abdul-Baha was really too exhausted
to have gone to that meeting. He had
been in bed all day.
"Must you go to the Hotel Astor
when you are so ill?" I asked him.

