STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or TI-IE West!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness, firmness.'
 (Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life he a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR OF THE WEST, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the West they may become informed of the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL--BA1-IA ABBAS.
Editorial Stafl: ALBERT R. Zu. M. Baemm
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD Somme
Y01. 12 Jalal 1, 77 (April 9,1921) i if NOLQ
Tablet from Abdul-Baha to the Editor oi the Star of the East
To Miss Mochizuki, her be the Glory of God, the Most Glorious 
through Mr. H. S. Fugeta (Haifa, Palestine).
He Is God!
thou Who art a new grown tree on the meadow of Truth!
Thy letter dated October 14, 1920 has been received. As it was indicative
of the susceptibilities of thy conscience, it became the cause of joy.
Japan is like unto a farm whose soil is untouched. Such a soil as this has
great capacity. One seed produces an hundredfold. Now, praise be unto God,
ye have found such a farm. Ye must develop the lands; ye must free them from
thorns and Weeds; ye should scatter the seeds of the love of God thereupon, and
irrigate them with the rain of the knowledge of God. Rest ye assured that
heavenly blessing will be bestowed!
It is my hope that in that farm ye will become divine farmers. The en~
lightened people of Japan are tired and disgusted with the superannuated and
putrefied blind imitations. They are assured that these blind imitations are pure
superstitions Without any truth. Therefore they have the capacity to hear the
Oall of God. The land is untouched. "Te will have to see what the divine farmers
will do!
At present thou hast started a journal. It is my hope that this journal will
shine as the Star of the E'las't. In the journal write thus:
When the horizon of the East was covered with immense darkness; when
dark clouds were predominate, and when all the heavenly stars were concealed
to the eye, His Holiness, like unto the sun, shone forth from the
horizon of the East and with radiating splendor illumined the Orient.
The light of that Sun of Reality consisted of heavenly teachings which were
spread in the Orient, because there the obscurities of blind imitations, of religious,
sectarial, racial, political, economic and home prejudices were in aseendency. The
darknessof these prejudices had dominated the Oriental world to such a degree

