STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou STAR or THE 
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clirne.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is Organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firm/hess, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA Arms.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of BAI-IA my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE Wesr, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the West, they may become informed with the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA Anus.
Editorial Staff: ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE BUIKEMA--DR. Zn. M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD SOHRAB
Vol.  Masheyat 1, 77 (September 27, 1921)' N0- 11
Design for Bahai Pilgrim House, Haifa.
Description of the design for a House for the entertainment of Bahai Pilgrims
to be built for the Center of the Covenant at the foot of Mount-
Carmel by Mr. Wm. H. Randall.
CHARLES MASON REMEY, Architect.
BEFORE I left America for Europe
and the Holy Land in July, 1920,
Mr. Randall spoke with me of the plan
for building a Pilgrim House at the foot
of Mount Carmel, Which he had talked
over With the Master, Abdul-Baha, on
his recent pilgrimage to the Holy Land,
telling me that the Master had spoken
about my preparing drawings for the
building.
In the early days of my visit With our
Master last Winter, he broached the sub-
ject of the Pilgrim House which Mr.
Randall was to build, asking me to pre-
pare designs for a building suitable for
the purpose, to be built upon the site
chosen.
The preliminary drawings for this de-
sign Were made under the oli-
rection. Sketches for several possible
solutions Were presented to him, and he
chose one as being the best suited to the
conditions, suggesting some changes in
its arrangement. A sketch was then
prepared upon these lines and this Was
presented to him for further corrections
and alterations. This process Was con-
tinued until the finished design Was
evolved. Then the Master told me to
send the drawings to Mr. Randall, which
instruction I carried out.
Since the means of travel and com-
munication between Palestine and the
rest of the World has been reestablished,
after the great War, many Bahai pil-
grims from all parts of the world are
traveling to Mount Carmel (Haifa),
and visiting the places of sacred interest
to them in that vicinity. These visitors
are the guests of the MaSt-er, Abdul-
Baha, While in Haifa. They are enter-
tained in two groups, Oriental and Occi-
dental. There is a Pilgrim House up on
the mountain, not far from the Tomb of
the Bab, Where the Oriental pilgrims are
lodged, While the Occidental pilgrims
are entertained lower down on the
mountain in a house near the house of
the Master. This Pilgrim House for the

