to be signs of guidance, standards of
Thy manifest religion throughout tho
World, servants of Thy Great Covenant
our exalted of
Thy oneness in Thy Kingdom, the El-
Abha, and stars Which dawn forth into
all regions.
Lord! Make us as seas rolling
with tl1e Waves of Thy great abundance,
rivers flowing from the mountains of
Thy glorious Kingdom, pure fruits on
the tree of Thy illustrious Cause, plants
refreshed and moved by the breeze of
Thy gift in Thy Wonderful vineyard.
Lord! Cause our souls to depend
upon the signs of Thy Oneness, our
hearts to be dilated With the bounties of
Thy Singleness, so that We may become
united as ripples on a waving sea, be-
come harmonized as are the rays which
shine forth from a brilliant light; so that
our thoughts. opinions and feelings be-
come as one reality from Which the spirit
of accord may be diffused throughout all
regions.
"Verily, Thou art the Beneficent, the
Bestowerl Verily Thou art the Giver,
the Mighty, the Loving, the Merciful!"
my Lord, my Hope! Praise be
unto Thee, for Thou hast sent down unto
us this spiritual table, supreme benefit
and heavenly blessing'. our Lord!
Strengthen us to partake of this heav-
enly food, so that its fine essence may
run through the pillars of our spiritual
being and that thereby We may obtain a
celestial power for serving Thy Cause,
promulgating Thy signs and adorning
Thy vineyard with lofty trees, the fruits
whereof shall be near (to gather) and of
perfuming fragrances. Verily Thou art
the Clement, the Merciful!"
Thus through concentration and pray-
er the spiritual and material feast begaii.
At the close of the material feast, the
chairman, in behalf of the Chicago
friends, Waived all formal greetings, sim-
ply saying, Chicago Welcomes you all 
He then read the Call of the Kingdom in
the words of Abdul-Baha:
"Praise be to God, that the dark ages
72 STAR OF THE IVEST
have passed away and the century of
light has come!" and ending with the
"Glad Tidings!" (See Divine Plan,
pages 17 and 18.)
Miss Alma Knobloch was introduced
as one Who had answered that call, the
little Woman Who Went into Germany
and captured the hearts. She said in
part: thank you for the privilege of
presenting the greetings of the German
believers. It is indeed a great pleasure
to mention the spread of the blessed Cause
in Europe. It is the unification of the
11atio11s through the vital principles of
prosperity. It thrills to hear of the ef-
forts in Paris to study the Holy Words,
also the efforts of some of these friends
in European countries, such as the work
of Miss Edith Sanderson and others in
Switzerland, rejoicing the hearts. In
England there have been new life and
energy since the return of Dr. Essel-
mont from the Holy Land. Through
divine favor a rich harvest Will appear
in time. Fervent calls have come from
Holland for the establishment of centers.
\Ve pray that God may favor them.
"The call from Germany came in 1907
and upon my arrival in Stuttgart, a
beautiful attracted soul, Frl. Marg. Dor-
ing, greeted me With the Greatest Name.
During thirteen years she has shared
with me joys and hardships and has be-
come a brilliant teacher. A Woman's
club first opened their doors, offering
their rooms for Bahai talks and the nine-
teen-day feasts, serving with the greatest
love and courtesy. In February, 1908,
an assembly was formed. Great was the
joy at the end of the year to receive
Tablets from Abdul-Baha, assuring us
that the light of truth had dawned from
the horizon of Germany and that a num-
ber of friends had become confirmed
believers, and 'that the spiritual feasts
were praised by the Supreme Concourse.'
"The year 1909 saw the first German
translation of the Holy Utterances, sent
by my dear sister Fanny. Zuffenhausen
and Esslingen formed centers. Frl. Kest-
lin's home became the center of a bril-

