STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 12 Kudrat l, 77 (November 4, 1921) No. 13
A Week in Abdul-Baha's Home
BY GENEVIEVE L. C'-or
(Continued from page 20%)
were in prayer at the threshold
of the Holy Tomb of BAHA 
for a long time. Finally Zia Khanum
went out t.oward the outer door. We fol-
lowed her, ready to leave that place of
light. But she returned, went to the front
of the room, and opened the curtained
door. I do not know why she did it; per-
haps Mrs. I-Ioagg reminded her that it
was our visit to the Tomb. But I am sure
that i11 some way, the Master's Will en-
tered into it. When I fully accepted his
will for me as my guide, "acquiesced,"
then my desire was granted.
The heavy curtains at some of the
windows were pulled back, and the set-
ting sun poured a radiant glory of light
into the room. "His resting-place shall
be torrents of physical
light, as well as with spiritual glory. I
do not know how long we knelt there.
Time 's passing ceased for us. My very
breathing was a dedication of myself to
our glorious leader, BAHA 
Our drive home was a silent one. I
thin-k We were all rather weary, physi-
cally, from our long day. But the spirit-
ual significance of all we had seen filled
us with so much to think about, that we
had no desire for speech.
The sun set in the blue waters of the
Mediterranean, in a majesty of color.
Darkness came down and us in on
that crescent sea-shore. The horses sped
along through the darkness, toward the
distant lights of Haifa. Wie were eager
to be again in the Master's presence.
Vile reached Haifa a short time before
the dinner-hour, weary, but happy. At
dinner that evening the Master said,
"Did you have a happy day in Acca?.?"
And we replied, "Oh, yes, it is a day we
shall always rememb er I 
He replied, "You must always re-
member it! It must be like images cut
in tablets of stone!"
That evening as he bade us good-
night, after dinner, he said in his dear,
measured English, rest! Go
--and rest l' 
By the Master's love for us, we know
something of the love of BAHA 
And from the love of BAHA we
know of the Love of the Infinite Father,
whose voice comes to us through the
Supreme Pen: knew My Love in
thee, therefore I created thee; upon thee
I laid My Image, and to thee revealed
My Beauty. ii I loved thy crea-
tion, therefore I created thee. "Where-
fore love Me that I may acknowledge
thee and in the Spirit of Life confirm
thee.".
Septemb er 8th.
On the morning of September 8th, I
Went alone to the Tomb of the Bab at
sunrise. Cora had not been sleeping
well, and so she did not feel like rising
at 4:30 that day. But I Woke, dressed
and was almost to the Tomb before the
sun rose. When his full splendor began
to loom above the horizon, I sat down on
.a stone in the field below the ll/Iossafer
Khaneh (Pilgrim 's House), and watched
the lord of day cast his first light across
the valley of Acca.
After a time I went on up to the Tomb,

