84 STAR OF THE 
no other than the execution of the law
of love. It is, however, most regrettable
that when these great Manifestations ap-
peared in the world and established the
law of love, after a period of time from
their departure, out of the dark well of
liuman imaginations and bigotry, smoke
and clouds of intolerance and narrow-
mindedness arose toward heaven and
prevented the shining of the Sun of Love.
These clouds were the result of the evap-
oration of the seas of human desires,
greed and passion, and they were so im-
penetrable, so dense that for many ages
they kept the Sun of Reality behind their
thick veils.
The angel of love left the audience of
humanity and on the throne was estab-
lished the satan of hate. The principles
of amity, of fellowship and concord
which were the results or the objects of
the Manifestations of God, departed
from this world a.nd in their place came
the policies and the exigencies of human
conditions and human notions which
were no other than destructive, than
humiliating, for that divine nature de-
posited in the heart of man by the hand
of God.
'Who were the centers and the main-
springs of these clouds of superstition,
this smoke of human imaginations?
They were the religious leaders, self-
seeking, self-centered men, who had no
other thought but to advance their own
ideas. They were filled with spiritual
pride, they were haughty, they were the
satans of their age, and thus they
brought into the world all these calami-
ties and catastrophes. No doubt 
simple-minded and the simple-hearted,
Who form the mass of humanity, looked
upon these dark clouds as though they
contained the heavenly rays, and they
looked toward these mirages as though
they were the salubrious waters.
These people with their selfish aims
and purposes divided the religion of God
into so many parts, you might call them
butchers. They cut the body of
the spiritual religion into so many pieces
that no spirit was left in it (laughter).
Hence We can assure ourselves without
any contradiction that the foundation of
religion, the essence of religion, the per-
fume of religion, was love and amity,
and anything aside from these primal
laws was the emanation of the egos of
these self-seeking leaders. (applause)
His Holiness, appeared
in Persia, and through his dynamic, di-
vine power, polished, cleansed the sur-
faces of the mirrors of religion from the
dust of imagination. The body of re-
ligion, which was covered with all these
ideas of human notions and traditions,
was washed and purified. He taught
humanity a most wonderful lesson, and
this was that religion is the essence of
love, religion is love, and anything be-
side it is superstition. He unstopped
the ears, he opened the eyes, he enlarged
the hearts and expanded the souls. He
explained that religion is amity, religion
is friendship, religion is concord, and if
any form of religion brings about hatred,
strangeness and alienation amongst
men, it is better not to have religion but
to have love and amity.
It is perfectly plain that a harmful
substance is not good to have around us
and it is better to keep ourselves away
from it as much as possible. He like-
wise explained that religion is the reme-
dy, it is the medicine for the diseases of
humanity, and if the taking of this
medicine aggravates the disease it is bet-
ter not to take it.
They tell a story in Persia that there
was a sick man lying on the bed, and
they brought for him a physician. The
physician took the pulse, diagnosed the
disease, and wrote the prescription.
VVhen he went out the nurses came
around and began to discuss with one
another whether this doctor was an allo-
path, or a homeopath, or an osteopath,
or some other kind of path (laughter) or
whether he had diagnosed the disease
whether they should give the
patient the medicine when he was sitting
in his bed or when he was sitting in his

