STAR OF THE WEST 263
humanity in the loss of the benevolent
Abdul-Baha cannot be compared to any
other calamity, because his vacancy will
never be filled by any of the people. I
do not like to exaggerate in praising this
great personage, because his generous
hands in the path of service to humanity
and his philanthropic deeds none can
deny, save one whose eyes God has
blinded. Abdul-Baha was great in all
the stages of his life. He was genius
itself, high in characte-r a11d had the
best reputation. He was famous in
the East of the earth a11d in the "Test.
He possessed this exalted station through
his untiring Work and he gained the
highest place in the hearts through his
help to the helpless, his rescue of the
hopeless and his comfort to the afflicted.
Abdul-Baha was a great, learned and
remarkable professor. Even if his phys-
ical body has disappeared from the eyes,
his immortal deeds will never disappear
from the minds. Even if the physical
Abdul-Baha has passed away, his name
will never pass away. thou benevo-
lent one who art departed! Thou hast
lived greatly and thou hast departed
great! This big and majestic procession
and this overwhelming gathering is only
a brilliant. proof of thy greatness in life
and in death. But who is to help the
poor after thee, thou whom we have>>
lost? Who is to assist the hungry and
the distressed? Nay, rather, Who is to
succor the Widows and the orphans after
the departure of the one who is'the em-
bodiment of goodness, kindness and hu-
manitarianisniil Then rest tho-11 com-
fortably in thy resting-place. Thou
knowest what is the end of the life of
one possessed of such qualities. Verily,
he is a miracle in his deeds and eternal
in his Work. May God inspire thy family
and relatives With beautiful patience in
this great calamity." . . .
Professor Abdullah Effendi 
(one of the distinguished, learned Mo-
hammedans) was the fourth speaker.
He said: "Have you seen the sun set,
the disappearance of the moon and the
falling of the stars? "Have you heard
of the crumbling of the thrones, the icy-
eling of the mountains Have you felt-
the thrilling and dreadful tragedies that
are caused by the accidents that occur
in experimental innovations that make
the souls and the hearts and the bodies
tremble'? All such tragedies cannot be
mentioned in comparison with our most
great calamity for which it behooves us
to rend our hearts. . . . Yea, the
sun of knowledge has set; the moon of
virtues has disappeared; the throne of
glory has crumbled, and the mountain
of kindness is leveled by the departure
of this benevolent one from the mortal
world to the immortal realm. I do not
need to explain the sublimity of the
great one whom We have lost or to enum-
erate his great qualities, for all of you
who are just are Witnesses and can testi-
fy to what has been given him of personal
beauty, beauty of his character, great-
ness of his heart, vastness of the sea of
his knowledge and generosity. Alas!
who after him Will feed the hungry,
clothe the naked, rescue the distressed,
guide those astray, help the Widows,
assist the orphans and satisfy those who
thirst for knowledge from his pure foun-
tain and beautiful rose-gardens? Nay,
rather, who will after him address the
meetings, stand in the pulpits, use the
pen and paper? All are left without
their only banner, their incomparable
hero and their shining moon. I beg your
pardon if I fail in doing my duty as far
as faithfulness is concerned or if I am
unable to pay the generous one who has
departed what he deserves of the best
and highest praise, because What my
tongue utters has emanated from a
tender memory and broken heart. In-
deed, they are wounds and not Words;
they are tears and not phrases. . . .
And you, Bahai gentlemen! This is

