STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-~
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless striies; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 12 Kamal 1, 77 (August Z0, l9Zl) No. 9
Bahai Organization
Notes from memory Written at the request of several friends, from a talk given
at the home of Herr and Frau Kommerzinrat Schwarz, in reply to
questions of Herr Jager, Saturday, November 20, 1920.
BY CHARLES Mason 
SPIRITUAL consultation is one of the
fundamental principles of the Bahai
organization. As the Work of the Cause
increases it is found to be necessary that
such consultation be established for the
guidance, well-being, and stability of
the Work. For this end in various as~
semblies of Bahais, according to the in-
structions of the Center of the Covenant,
boards of spiritual consultation have
been established for the organization
and direction of the activities of the
Cause.
When the friends assemble for spir-
itual consultation, it has been found to
be good to read prayers and Tablets in
order that all human thoughts in the
minds of those present be changed to
divine thoughts, that the spirit of the
Kingdom penetrate into the souls of all
present, thus a spiritual harmony is
established which is the most necessary
element of Bahai consultation.
After reading of the holy Utterances
the various subjects to be considered
may be presented. It has been found
best to consider each matter in turn, all
present concentrating upon one question
until that question is settled-then pro-
ceeding to the next matter. With this
procedure there is no confusion of
thought nor diifusion of energies.
In meetings of consultation it has
been found to be important that each
niemb-er present should speak freely and
without constraint, always with great
gentleness and consideration for the
happiness of all present. It is good for
each one of the people of the board of
consultation to express himself in turn.
\lVhen the circuit of all present has been
made, it will often be found that the
thoughts expressed by the friends give
rise to other thoughts in the minds, and
then it is well to have a second or a
third opportunity for each to express
himself. Vslitli this full expression of
thoughts, when these thoughts are in
harmony with the principles and the
spirit of the Cause, the condition is
made for decisions based upon the
spiritual instructions and methods of
the kingdom.
In consultation the best results can
not be attained when the people do not
express the convictions and thoughts
which lie deep in their hearts, for when
they feel constrained the heart is dis-
tressed, and cannot function spiritu-
ally with the hearts of the others pres-
ent, and when the hearts are constrained
perfect consultation is not attained.
When the heart is expressing itself
freely it is in joy and happiness, and
this is an essential element in consulta-
tion; without it true spiritual guidance
is not attainable, therefore great care
should be taken that each one present
should express himself fully in all spir-
itual joy and gladness of heart.
With a good knowledge of the teach-
ings, upon whieh basis of the revealed
Word all Bahai considerations should be
based, and with an exaltation of the
spirit of the Covenant, the friends in
consultation are of one spirit, and of
one thought, and there is a unity of

