STAR OF
profitable today than the discussion of
universal love, no other ideal conducive
to the betterment of the world of man-
kind than those ideals which bring hap-
piness and joy. This is indeed one of
the distinguishing characteristics of the
Bahai meetings that when we enter there-
in we feel their humanity, their love,
their happiness. They have no other
subject except the subject of love, no
other law to put in execution but the law
of friendship and whenever and where-
ever they talk, no matter on what sub-
ject, they will always somehow bring it
to the conclusion and that conclusion is
universal love and universal amity.
In oriental countries whenever the
people enter a Bahai meeting or talk
with an indivdual Bahai they, after a
few moments, realize either consciously
or unconsciously that they are amongst
the angels of heaven, because these Ba-
hais in all their talks, in all their con-
versations, have no other aim but this
great universal aim of universal love. Is
there, indeed, a greater reality in the
world of humanity than love? A thou-
sand times no. Love is the spirit of this
universe. Love is the cause of the crea-
tion of phenomena. Love is the foun-
dation of all our social and ethical activi-
ties. God has created His world through
love, He has kept it in cohesion through
love and He is creating constantly all
things through the law of love.
As a person travels from one end of
the globe to another, wherever he ob-
serves civilization, progress, achievement,
development, he realizes that all these
things have come through the law of
alfinity and association, and whenever he
observes destruction, chaos, disorder, he
immediately realizes that they have been
brought about through hatred, animosity,
and internecine war. The progress, the
glory, the majesty and the sublimity of
the world of humanity are dependent
upon love and affinity. Love is the mag-
net that draws unto man all the favors,
all the bountie-s of God. It is the spirit-
ual electricity that illumines the hearts
WEST 83
and the minds of the world of mankind.
In brief, love is the panacea for all the
diseases of mankind, it is the greatest
and the most effective remedy that you
can find in the divine pharmacopoeia
Love is the seed out of which grows the
fruit of justice. Love is the seed out
of which develops unity and agreement
and personal contact with God. God is
love, and He has sent all His prophets
to teach love, and all the lessons that
they gave to their followers consisted of
the lessons of love.
The prophets would not only teach
love but with their creative word created
love in the hearts of humanity. Through
the creation of love, through the emana-
tion of that supernatural power which
God had deposited in them they evolved
that unity amongst' the children of men.
When we study the history of the re-
ligions, for example, the Mosaic dispen-
sation, and become acquainted with its
various historical facts, we come to real-
ize that Moses created love and unity
amongst the children of Israel. Sim-
ilarly Christ, unaided and alone, un-
furled the banner of love amongst his
disciples, his apostles and his followers.
The same illustration is true of the com-
ing of all the other prophets who estab-
lished the law of love.
Unquestionably when people come to-
gether they can bring about the law of
love through the ties of the family. They
can likewise establish the law of love
through scientific achievements. Patriot-
ism is another instrument for bringing
about the law of love, but all these
various means to realize the law of love
are limited and ephemeral. They can be
brought to us through certain accidents
of life, but the providence of God, the
Manifestations of the Almighty came to
establish that divine love upon the Rock
of Ages which is eternal, everlasting and
age abiding.
The foundation of the religions was
love and amity. The result, the spirit,
the working, the law and the sum total
of law given by the prophets has been

