STAR OF THE WEST 247
And I testify that whosoever hath known Thee, verily be hath known God,
and whosoever hath attained to Thy meeting, verily he hath attained to the
meeting of God;--theref0re, blessed is the one who believed in Thee and in
Thy verses, and submitted to Thy sovereignty, was honored by Thy meeting,
attained to Thy good-pleasure, circled around Thee and was present before
Thy throne!
Then woe unto the one who hath oppressed Thee, denied Thee, blasphemed
Thy verses, betrayed Thy sovereignty, warred against Thyself, became arro-
gant before Thy face, contested Thy proofs, fled from Thy dominion and
power, and was of the polytheists recorded in the Tablets of Holiness by the
Finger of Command. 
my God and my Beloved! send unto me from the right (hand) of Thy
mercy and Thy providence the holy fragrances of Thy favors, to draw me
from myself and from the World to the side o-f Thy nearness and Thy meeting.
Verily, Thou art the Powerful in whatsoever Thou willest, and verily Thou
art the Knower of all things!
Unto Thee, Thou Beauty of God, be the praise of God and His mention,
and BAHA the Glory of God, and His Light!
I testify that the of creation never witnessed an oppressed one,
like unto Thee. Thou. wert in Thy days in the oceans of calamities! Once
Thou wert under the chains and handcuffs; once Thou Wert under the swords
of the enemies all this, Thou didst command the people
according to that which Thou wert commanded on behalf of the Knower, the
Wise! May my spirit be a sacrifice to Thy and my soul a sacrifice
to Thy sufferings. I ask God, by Thee, and b-y those whose faces were illumined
with the Lights of Thy face and followed that which they were commanded
because of their love for Thee, to remove the veils which have intervened between
Thee and Thy creatures, and to sustain me with the good of this world and the
world to come. Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Exalted, the Precious, the
Fiorgiver, the Compassionate!
Pray God, my God !--for the Tree and its leaves, its branches,
its twigs, its roots and its limbs, by the everlastingness of Thy exalted names and
supreme attributes; then protect It from the evil of the aggressors and the hosts
of the oppressors. Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty!
Pray Thou~--My God, my God Thy servants who have attained
and Thy maid-servants who have attained. Verily, Thou art the Generous,
the Possessor of Great Bounty; there is no God but Thee, the Forgiver, the
Generous!
(Translated by Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi, Chicago, Decembel, 1921.)

