STAR OF THE WEST 171
Pen Pictures of Abdul-Baha in America
(Continued from page 167)
red stars among the dim white figures on
the grass, behind them a wonderful tall
tree, luxuriant with rolling outlines,
now a gr-eat black cloud against the
silver stars.
Abdul-Baha I could not see, as I was
at his back, but his words were all the
more powerful for that. Often I lose
the words in gazing at his face. He had
turned before beginning to speak and
given me a long and unfathomable look.
That speech, thank God, is 
otherwise the words could never be re-
membered. It was a reverberating call
to his disciples to rise in this Day of
the Great Resurrection out of the tomb
of self and revivify the world with him.
Before he had finished, he rose from
his chair and started down the path,
passing between the White figures, now
risen to their feet, with their trem-
bling red stars.
"Peace be with you," he said, as he
receded into the darkness, the rich,
liquid Persian and the quivering trans-
lation floating back to us from his in-
visibility--"I will pray for you."
Ah, the Divine Figure growing dim-
mer and dimmer till at last the darkness
engulfed it! Ah, the voice that came
back even when the figure was out of
sight! May I remember this in the fu-
ture; nay, how could I forget it? . . . .
"On the Fourth of July three years
ago," I remarked to Abdul-Baha on that
day, "Mrs. Kinney and I Were with
you in Acca. You took us to the Tomb
of BAHA I never dreamed I
would keep an anniversary with you in
New York!"
At another time that evening he spoke
of tests. "Even the sword," he said,
"is no test to the Persian believers.
They are given a chance to recant; they
cry out instead, 'Ya-Baha-El-Abhal'
Then the sword is raised; they cry out
all the more, 'Ya-Baha-El-Abha!' .. . .
I write words, but nothing can convey
the subtle influence of 
fragrance of his love, falling on our
hearts like balm, exhilarating our spir-
its, changing even our physical aspect,
brightening the eyes, bringing color to
pale faces, fr-eshening all with joy. The
fragrance of his love, the power of his
peace, the currents of life streaming out
from that strong Center'--that calm and
glowing Center. In his presence we are
in Heaven.
"And a man shall be as a shelter
from the wind, as the shadow of a great
rock in a weary land!" . . . .
On Monday, July 9'th, I went with
Abdul-Baha and the little band of Per-
sians to the Natural History Museum.
It was a very hot day. VVhen We reached
the Ninth Avenue corner of the Museum,
where the employees' entrance is located,
there was still a long stretch of sun be-
tween us and the main door and Abdul-
Baha was evidently so weary that I felt
we must find some nearer entrance for
him. So, while he sat down to rest on
a ledge of the embankment, I went
ahead to look for one. The employees'
door was locked, so I hurried on farther,
even venturing past a sign marked "No
thoroughfare." But just as I succeeded
in passing this I was stopped by a whis-
tle and turned to facerthe watchman.
He was a little old Jew with a kind face.
I explained why I was breaking the rules
and asked if he could lead us to a door
nearer than the main one. He turned
and looked at Abdul-Baha, at that fig-
ure from the East, from the 
of this world or this time at all, sitting
so quiet, on the ledge of the embank-
ment; and his face softened curiously.
"Come with me," he said. Then, as
Abdul-Baha and the rest of us followed
him: "Is he a Jew?"
I said. "He is Abdul-Baha of
Persia.
The old Jew asked nothing more,

