12 STAR OF THE VVEST
always seen the sword hanging over my
head."
The fundamental principle of faith
in the Bahai teachings is the need of a
Divi11e Teacher, one who comes speak-
ing "With authority." As a garden
without the training of a gardener be-
comes choked with Weeds, and the
flowers give forth no fragrance, so man,
the greatest of all God's handiwork, is
in need of an educator, a divine gar-
dener as he has material and intellec-
tual faculties Which need development,
so has he latent spiritual faculties, God-
given potentialities, which must be
quickened and brought forth into ex-
pression. Such spiritual educators were
Moses, Zoroast-er, Buddha, Christ and
Mohammed, of the past, and his fol-
7 I
lowers believe such is BAHA LLAH of.
today. All of these were founders of
great religions and revealed sacred
books.
Students who have made a study of
these religions tell us that What is most
striking in their teachings is not that
they announced new ideas that had
never before been revealed to man, but
that they gathered up into one definite
whole all the various scattered rays of
truth which is ever illuminating the
world. Just as a lens or burning-glass
gathers together the rays of sunlight
into one powerful beam, so these divine
teachers become as it were a focused
effulgent center for the diffused rays of
truth. Some of the noteworthy and pro-
gressive teachings of are:
F'irst--The Oneness of humanity. "Ye
are all lea.ves of one tree and the fruits
of one arbor."
investigation of
truth. "No man should follow blindly
his ancestors. Each must see with his
own eyes, hear with his 0Wn ears and
investigate truth in order that he may
find it."
foundation of all relig-
ions is one. "The foundation of all the
divine precepts is one reality. It must
needs be reality, and reality is one and
not multiple."
Fourth--Religion must be the cause
of unity among mankind. "Every re-
ligion should be the cause of unity and
productive of the life everlasting. It is
not for enmity or hatred, tyranny or in-
justice. If religion be the cause of en-
mity and rancor,_if it be the cause of
alienating men, then assuredly its non-
being were better than its being."
must be in accord
with science and reason. "Religion must
be reasonable; it must agree with sci-
ence perfectly, so that science shall sanc-
tion religion, and religion sanction sci-
ence. Dovvn to the present day man has
accepted a thing because it was called
religion, even though it Were not in ac-
cord With human judgment and reason."
Sixth--'1'he equality of men and wom-
en. This is peculiar to 
for all other religions have placed men
above women. "Daughters and sons
must follow the same form of study and
the same education alike."
abolishment of all prej-
udices of Whatever nature. "All the
prophets of God have come to unite the
children of men and not to disperse
them; consequently we must throw away
all racial, patriotic and religious prej-
udices. Vtle must become the cause of
unity of the human race."
Eighth--Universal peace. "That all
men shall make peace; that there be
universal peace amongst governments,
races, religions and the denizens of all
regions."
Nint-h~All mankind should partake
of knowledge and education. "The edu-
cation of each child is obligatory."
Tentl1--Tl1e solution of the economic
question. No religious books of past
prophets speak of the economic question,
While this problem has been thoroughly
solved in the teachings of 
Certain regulations are revealed which
insure the Welfare and Wellbeing of all
humanity.

