l0 STAR OF THE WEST
claimed that in nineteen years he would
"come forth."
The rapid spread of his teachings
alarmed the Persian Mohammedan
teachers and priests, as well as the
state, and through their intrigues he
was thrown into prison and finally shot
at Tabriz, in July, 1850. His brief mis-
sion of six years was one of heroic en-
deavor, and his one of the
supreme tragedies of modern times.
The Bab 's doctrines were simple. He
taught a pure faith in the One God; he
inculcated a high morality, and declared
that women were equal in all respects
to men. He appointed eighteen disciples
to spread the message of the "coming
of the Kingdom," one of whom was a
woman, the far-famed and beautiful
Kurratul-Ayn, who was the Joan of Arc
of her age and country, and who was
also martyred for her faith.
The Bab had constantly exhorted his
followers not to reject this Great One
when he appeared, as has been the cus-
tom of former religions and peoples
upon the advent-of a new manifestation
or divine teacher. Two years after his
in 1852, all of the leading
Babis were seized and imprisoned, and
then commenced a terrible outburst of
persecution and of the: Ba-
bis, for which there is scarcely a parallel
to be found in history. The number of
those martyred for their faith is vari-
ously estimated at from thirty to forty
thousand men, women and children.
Amongst the leading Babis impris-
oned at this time was one whom the gov-
ernment regarded as' the chief leader,
Mirza Hussein Ali, born in Nur,
Persia, November 12, 1817; a wealthy
Persian nobleman, a descendant of pure
Aryan race (called Nuri or "a progeny
of light. During his youth his father
died and left him, as the eldest son, at
the head of the family. In his home he
was instructed_in the Persian language,
but wisdom and the knowledge of the
deepest spiritual mysteries were revealed
to him through meditation and inspira-
tion. On account of his good deeds he
was called "the father of the poor."
He became afterward universally known
as ("The Glory of God").
During his imprisonment in Teheran he
was confined in a dungeon, with a heavy
chain about his neck, attached to five
or six other prisoners, for a period of
four months.
The government, after a time, being
unable to substantiate any charges
against him, released him. Having con-
fiscated his property, they exiled him
with his family and a few of his fol-
lowers to Bagdad, outside the borders
o-f Persia and under the Sultan 's do-
main. In this neighborhood he resided
for nearly eleven years, two of which
were spent alone among the Irak moun-
tains, where the light of inspiration and
revelation illumined his soul. He worked
out a plan of salvation and regeneration
for the triune being of humanity. All
of the great universal movements of
today were conceived and set forth by
him through clear revelation years be-
fore their echoes reached the minds and
hearts of men in general. The basic
principles of being are set forth in his
writings with power and force; they
are livvingi spiritual principles, for they
appeal to and satisfy the soul and meet
all of the moral, economical, scientific
and spiritual needs of life. These
truths are the foundation of the Bahai
Revelation.
In 1863 the mullah, again becoming
alarmed at the amazing spread of the
Bahai faith, through intrigue and mis-
representation persuaded their govern-
ment to demand of the Sultan that he
be exiled to Constantinople, and he was
accordingly sent there with his family
and immediate followers. On this jour-
ney with his people en-
camped for twelve days in the Garden
of'Rizwan, outside of Bagdad, and there
he announced himself, first to his eldest
son, Abbas Effendi, who chose the name
of Abdul-Baha ("the Servant of God"),
and then to his followers, as the Mani-

