STAR OF THE WEST 221
attended. Principal Sanjiva Rao pre-
sided.
On Jan. 9th a public lecture in the
Hindu language was delivered in Vidya
Pitt-e on "Bahaism." Mr. Purshottam
Dais, a leading lawyer, presided.
The Independent and The Leader, two
English dailies, of Allahabad, published
all the lectures. Mr. Vakil sums up the
whole work in few words, saying, "It
was all done by His Power and splendid
results will soon follow."
Mr. Vakil left Allahabad on Jan. 10th
for Benares, the center of learning in
India. Benares reminds one of the an-
cient Hindu civilization and on the
banks of the river Ganges, one feels him-
self or herself in a. wonderful atmosphere
of spiritual harmony and communion
with God. In Benares Mr. Vakil stayed
with Prof. Dey of the Hindu University,
Benares. Prof. Dey was most kindly
and very hospitable. Prof. Dey helped
Mr. Vakil very much and one lecture
was delivered in the Kashinaj Hall
under the auspices of the Hindu Uni-
versity College. Prof. Adhikar, a phil-
osopher and learned vedantist presided.
It was very well attended. A second
lecture was delivered in the Theosophical
Society. Mr. Vakil speaks very highly
of this meeting, and says that at the
end of the meeting much interest was
shown by the audience among whom
were several Indian ladies. Two other
lectures were delivered in the hostels.
Students took much delight and interest
and many interesting questions were put
by all.
Mr. Vakil then went to Calcutta where
four lectures were delivered. The lec-
tures were well attended. From there
Mr. Vakil went to Dacca for a day and
there splendid work was done. A lec-
ture on "Universal Religion" was de-
livered at Dacca. There were about 250
men and most of them were professors
and teachers in colleges.
From Dacca Mr. Vakil went to Uy-
mensingh where a lecture on "The Bahai
Movement" was arranged in the Sad-
haran Brahmo Samaj during Mr. Vakil's
stay of eight hours.
Mr. Vakil then returned to Calcutta
and after three or four days Went to
Shantiniketan. There the great poet
Dr. Robindranaki Tagor has a splendid
school and the whole atmosphere is spir-
itual. A lecture, rather an informal talk,
was arranged by Dr. Tagor's relatives
and students.
From Sliantiniket-an Mr. Vakil went
to Patua. He stayed there for twelve
hours and spoke at the Brahmo Sa-
maj. From there Mr. Vakil went to
Lucknow and met a Bahai brother, Surat
Narain, who is doing splendid work
there. Several meetings were arranged
and good work was done. From Luck-
now lV[r. Vakil went to Agra, where he
spent a week. In Agra four lectures
were in the St. ohn's
College, one in the Agra College, one in
the Bhargava house and a fourth one
in 011e of the college hostels. A fifth
one was delivered in Urdu in the town.
From there Mr. Vakil went to Karauchi.
Two lectures were delivered in the Theo-
sophical Hall, one on "The Bahai Move-
ment" and the other on "The World
Teacher."
Mr. Vakil, after practically touring
around India, returned to his home in
Surat on February 28, 1921. The work
done is very splendid and shows the
self-sacrificing spirit of the friends in
India. Prof. Pritam Singh has resigned
his professorship at the Allahabad Uni-
versity and gone over to Bombay to
serve the Cause. Mr. Vakil is a splen-
did soul and his only desire is to serve
the Cause to his utmost. May God give
him power to do so!
I shall soon be going to Germany, and
I shall let you know my address later
on. . . . Please convey my message
of love and unity to all the friends. . . .
Yours cordially in His Name,
K. K. Bharga/va.

