180 STAR OF THE IVEST
nified; to me it seemed more awe-inspir-
ing. And yet, when he smiled, it was
most exquisitely friendly, and human!
But he looked very, very tired. And
one of the secretaries had said in the
morning that he looked more rested
than when he had gone up to the Tomb
a few days before. It hurt poignantly
that any face of such beauty should be
.:
'i
Abdul-Baha's Home, Haifa
so Weary. We had brought letters from
friends in America to give to him, but
when we saw the weariness of his face,
we could not bear to add at all to the
burdens he has to carry.
And yet the Weariness was not, I
think, a weariness of spirit. I cannot
tell why I felt that Way, partly because
he can reach, as no one else can, the in-
finite sources of spiritual strength.
I had no desire to speak to the Mas-
ter; there Was nothing that I could say.
I do not know what happened in my
mind and heart. There was no shock,
no surprise, no sadness, no thought of
my own faulty past. But I came to
understand that for one who has been
long in his presence, there can be no
desire except to serve him; that one's
life would be happy only as one pleased
him; that one would be sad only as one
grieved him. I felt then that I had
begun to learn,--that the will to serve
was becoming greater, as I had prayed
that it might. Having seen the Master
but once, I could make no promise to
myself that that longing would carry
me through and beyond all my selfish
habits of the past. But I knew that to
be in his presence Would mean that I
must love him, that I must do his will.
After a time, perhaps half an hour,
some English visitors came; the Master
begged to be excused; we rose and
watched him until he disappeared from
sight. Afterward we walked about the
garden at the front of the Tomb. 'We
saw the big reservoir for rain-water,
built into the terrace, which supplies
water for the garden and for many of
the people of the neighborhood. Mirza
Lotfullah brought us figs from one of
the trees in the garden. We looked
across the beautiful blue waters of the
bay, to Acca, shining in the distance.
We caught a suggestion of luxuriant
growth of trees, and were told that it
marked the Tomb of The
sun sank behind the mountain, and
finally Mrs. I-Ioagg said it was time for
us to be going down but that first we
might see the interior of the Tomb.
The care-taker opened a door at the
southwest corner of the Tomb, and
spread a piece of matting in front of it.
Mrs. Hoagg went with us to show us the
custom used in entering the Tomb. 
removed our shoes, and then the care-
taker poured rose-water on our hands,
from a little glass cruet. We followed
Mrs. Hoagg into the first room. It was
perhaps fifteen feet square, and the floor
was covered with a beautiful dark Per-
sian carpet. There was no furniture of
any kind. Directly i11 line with the
outer door was a second door that led
into an inner room. That was also cov-
ered with beautiful rugs. Standing on
the floor were exquisite glass vases with
candles burning in them. They were in
groups, perhaps of three, and they gave

