STAR OF THE WEST
PUBLISHED NINETEEN TIMES A YEAR
In the Interest of the BAHAI MOVEMENT
By the BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, 515 South Dearborn Street, Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
Publishers.' ALBERT R. BUIKEMA--DR. ZIA M. BAGDADI
l'Ziitcred__as second-classimatter April~9, I911, at the postofiice 5? Chicago, 7111.,' under the Act of March' 3, 1819:
TERMS: $3.00 per year; 20 cents per copy.
Two copies to same name and address, $5.00 per year.
Make Money Orders Payable to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283. Chicago, Ill., U. S. A.
To personal checks please add sufficient to cover the bank exchange.
to BAHAI NEWS SERVICE, P. O. Box 283. Chicago, U. S. A.
VI0l.zl2 Asma,1,*77 (August 1, 1921) If No. 
To the STAR or THE WEST:
I am enclosing an excerpt from an
early Tablet which you might possibly
WEST. It is all-inclusive of what is
ahead of us, and was revealed by the
Center of the Covenant seventeen years
care to publish in the STAR or THE ago. I . 
"Thou hast written regarding the tests and trials to be manifested in the
American countries. Know this, that hardships and misfortune shall increase
day by day, and the people will be distressed. The doors of joy and happiness
shall be closed upon all sides; terrible wars shall happen. Disappointment and
the frustration of hopes shall surround the people from every direction, until
they are obliged to turn to God. Then
the Lights of great happiness will en-
lighten the horizons, so that the cry of 'Ya-Baha-El-Abha!' may arise upon all
sides. This will happen!"
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
(Portion of Tablet revealed by Abdul-Baha in the spring of 1904 for I. D. Brit-
tingham, New York City, America.)
Letters from Abdul-Baha's Wife
Haifa, Palestine, March 26, 1921.
Roohieh Khanum (Miss Sanderson).
My dear spiritual daughter:
It is a long time since I have Writ-
ten you. It is not because you are for-
gotten. No, God forbid! You are ever
present in our heart and We are always
eager to hear from you. The real cause
was that We had not yet settled the af-
fairs pertaining to the school. Mr.
Remey was busy with the plan and the
necessary tract of land was not quite
prepared. Now, however, as we have
made considerable progress, I would like
to inform you about the things done and
ask what you have been able to accom-
plish. The plan has been completed and
the governmental permission granted.
The land is about nine thousand cubits
and three hundred and fifty pounds
have been gathered.
Now, I would like to show what you
have been able to collect and what sum
you are ready to contribute. The plan
is such that we can begin by building
nine rooms and build the rest when more
money will be obtained.
The Master is at present in Tiberius.
He needed a change after the severe in-
disposition he had some time ago. He
has recovered and his health is improv-
ing daily. The pilgrims are not so num-
erous and he can obtain some rest.
The other members of the family are
in good health and extend to you their
best regards.
Yours sincerely,

He Is God!
My spiritual daughter, Roohieh Khanum
I hope that in whatever spot or dwel-
ling you may be, that you are protected
and guarded under the shadow of the

