102 STAR OF THE WEST
throughout various ages and cycles that
there have been great prophets and great
philosophers and scholars who tried to
conform religious laws with scientific
postulates; but these religious ministers,
who were engrained in their fanaticism
and dogmatism arose against them and
ostracized them, looked upon them as
heretics, burned them at the stake and
thus throttled the voice of freedom and
the development of conscience.
This struggle between science and re-
ligion, this conflict between faith and
science Went on and on, till in the ap-
pearance of seventy years
ago, he through his divine power,
through his supernal majesty, evolved
that heavenly plan for the unification of
science and religion which will continue
throughout all the succeeding ages, with
increasing blessings upon mankind.
He stated that God is reality. Re-
ligion is likewise reality, and this real-
ity is not against science. If religious
idea is against scientific ideas, it is
superstition and must be thrown away.
His greatest divine service was to
write spiritual interpretations of the re-
ligious books of the world explaining
their meanings so that they are today
in conformity with the scientific con-
science of the time.
Poetically and spiritually he said,
'the soul of man is like unto a bird."
Just as the bird cannot soar toward the
apex of heaven, likewise, the bird of
the soul cannot soar or fly in the atmos-
phere of knowledge without two wings
wing of science and the wing of
religion.

Science without religion is similar unto
a jewel which is covered with soiled and
tattered cloths, or it is like unto a light
which is shining through a dark, sooty,
glass. Science without religion is likened
unto a very beautiful, perfect body, but
lifeless; like unto a very clear glass, but
lightless.
Here comes in his system of education
which is based upon the development of
the mind and the heart, of the intellect,
of the emotions, so that side by side
these two powers, religion and science,
may work and advance along the high-
way of humanity.
Science and religion are likened unto
two eyes for the body of mankind; lik-
ened unto two pillars for the erection of
the palace of human brotherhood and
solidarity.
Almost all the differences and dissen-
sions existing among the religions of the
world were based upon ignorance and
misunderstanding of the realities of
their books and when ex-
plained those facts to them a11d corre-
sponded their religious ideals with scien-
tific or intellectual principles all the dif-
ferences were removed and a great urge
or surge of spiritual life appeared.
consequently, brought
to us the essence of religion which is the
reality of science and he gave to us the
quintessence of signs which is the jewel
of religion and thus united and harmon-
ized the religions of the world and re-
moved all signs and theories of conflicts
and turmoils.
This is the age of illumination, this is
the cycle of light, this is the era of hu-
man brotherhood, this is the time for uni-
versal peace, and we cannot--and will
never--have the realities of these prin-
ciples until all of us will arise and con-
form all our religious ideas to scien-
tific principles. Thus these two blessings
of God will transform the surface of the
earth into the paradise of glory.
 
The Convention for "Amity between the Colored and White Races," based
on Heavenly Teachings, held in Washington, D. 0., May 19, 20 and 21, prompted
us to publish the following compiled from the Words of and
Abdul-Baha, bearing upon this important Editors.

