140 STAR OF THE WEST
work by the confirmations of the
Holy Spirit," he answered, do not
work by hygienic laws. If I did I would
get nothing done!"
On the 14=th of May, Abdul-Baha Went
to Mohonk, returning three days later.
A few perfect days, then he went to
Boston. In the meanwhile he spoke at
the Church of the Divine Paternity.
This was unbearably beautiful. My
impression, looking back, is that the
church was Byzantine, recalling the wor-
ship of early Christians. The interior
was of gray stone. Ah, the look of him
that day! Then, more vividly than ever
before, he shone o-ut as the Divine Shep-
herd, come at last to his flocks.
On the 21st of May, also before
Abdul-Baha went to Boston, Mrs. Tatum
had a reception to which he came. The
people who were there were of the fash-
ionable _World, with a sprinkling of
artists and the literary set.
Suddenly there was a stir among the
people, a11d Abdul-Baha was in our
midst. walked over to a big yellow
couch in the bay-Window and sat down.
I think I must tell you how he looked
there. His surroundings were all white;
sunlight streamed in; the shadows on
his face were translucent; his profile
was outlined with a luminous penciling 
his background was the o-f the
Wide central window pane, the sky be-
yond. Behind him stood the Persians.
Soon he began to speak.
He was very happy, he said, to he
with us. Think of the contrast! His
outlook for years had been a prison
window and he had been confined within
the limits of a. fortress; now he found
himself in spacious homes.
His talk, at first apparently desultory,
gradually shaped itself toward some dis-
tinct point, which, however, he kept
veiled until the end. I Wondered what
was coming. When it came it was like
a thunderclap.
"Think of it!" he said. "Two kings
were dethroned in order that I might be
freed! This is naught but pure des-
tiny!"
"And now," ended the Master, rising
to his feet with the action of a king,
"you here in America must work with
me for the peace of the world and the
oneness of humanity."
And with this he left us, the room
seeming strangely empty after he had
gone.
I must paint one word-picture, a
morning curious, I started to
say "The Rizwan," I n1ean--Riverside
Drive, in that hallowed little strip of a
park which we all love to call "his gar-
den" into which he escaped so often to
rest, which is holy with his prayers, or
where we sometimes walked with him in
the evenings, or he took his daily exer-
cise. Just a gravel path, some benches
and young trees and a low stone wall
shutting off the slope to the river far
below, but unspeak-ably beautiful forever
to me. Morning, as I started to say, in
our Rizwan; Abdul-Baha in the sun-
light, his turban glistening white in it,
pouring attar of rose on our hands and
heads, pouring it out lavishly and with
an incense of universal love breathing
from him as he did it which it is im-
possible to describe, as though love in-
deed were the one delectable thing in the
universe and the source of all joy. Oh
that lovel The pale, sparkling early
morning sunshine, the perfume, that
figure in the graceful flowing robes and
the glistening turban, the center of a
force which made everyone around him
as nonexistent!
There is something almost miraculous
in the way Abdul-Baha. takes the sun-
light. No one else looks so bright in it.
It makes him translucent, like a shining
mirror.
(To be continued)

