STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of affection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous Wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 12 Baha 1, 77 (March 21, 1921) No. 1
The Bahai Revelation
BY LOUISE R. WAITE
"Let no glory in this, that he loves h-is but rather let him
glory in this, that he loves his 
THE Bahai Revelation is essentially a
message of peace, love, unity and
light; the establishment of the oneness
of humanity and the consolidation of
the whole world into one home. It de-
clares that the visions of prophets, seers,
sages and poets are in this "Great Day
of God" to be fulfilled; that the dawn
of "The Most Great Peace" is breaking
over land and sea, and the sun of love,
bringing into manifestation the deep
realities of life, Will soon enlighten the
hearts of men. This scientific-sociaL
religious Revelation is rapidly spreading
throughout all countries and attracting
the interest of scholars, savants and re-
ligionists, both of the Occident and the
Orient. It offers to the World a teaching
applicable to the modern needs of hu-
manity, spiritually, mentally and phys-
ically.
In the year 1819 A. D., in the city of
Shiraz, Persia, a child was born named
Seyed Ali Mohammed. He was given
the ordinary school education of a Per-
sian youth, but from childhood he was
renowned for his innate knowledge, for
his deep piety, purity, and the beauty
of his person. He possessed a passion-
ate a11d instinctive belief in freedom.
He protested fearlessly against the fan-
aticism that ruled his country and Was
a Luther in his denunciation of a blind-
ing, bigoted faith.
In the year 1844, on the 23rd day of
Mayannounced
publicly that "The Dawn of a New Day
was breaking and the Kingdom of God
was soon to be established 011 earth as
it was in heaven," he declared that he
had been called by God to be the herald
of its appearance and he assumed the
title of The Bab, the term signifying
"The Gate." He began his mission by
opening the minds of the people to the
realities of their own religion. Like all
great messengers, he did 11ot arise to
destroy but to fulfill. He did not tell
his Mohammedan hearers that they had
been deluded by a false prophet, but he
berated them soundly, as Jesus did the
Pharisees, for their hypocrisy and their
adulteration and distortion of true re-
ligion. He also explained to them from
their own sacred books that a Mahdi
should come. To quote his own words,
"In the past, Whenever a prophet or
divine teacher Was needed on earth, God
raised up such an one, bearing a book
containing a divine revelation, and He
will do the same in the future Whenever
there is need."
From the moment of the announce-
ment of his mission he obtained a hear-
ing, and in a short time a following,
both among the most cultured and
learned as well as in the unlettered and
poorer classes. He taught his followers
that the "Promised One" of all the
ages, of whom he was but the herald,
would soon appear; and that all of his
writings were to give place to the rev-
elation of this World Teacher, "he
whom God should manifest." He pro-

