STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL--BAHA
thou STAR or THE WEsr!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, thy form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the. object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become world-wide--and at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness, firmness, firmness!
(Signed) ABDUL-BAHA ABBAS.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE WEST, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of God--so that both in the
East and the W'est they may become informed of the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA 
STAR OF THE WEST FOUNDATION
Northeastern States: HOOPER HARRIS. Western totes: HELEN S, 
Southern States: Dominion of Canada: MAY MAXWELL.
Central States: ALBERT VAIL, CARL SCI-IEFFLER.
Editorial tafl' ALBERT R. ZIA M. 
Honorary Member: MIRZA AHMAD S01-IRAB
Vol. 12 Baha 1, 77 (March 21, 1921)ifi* if i No. 1
Editorial--Naurooz Greeting
Allaho 'Abha 
The seventy-seventh year of the millennium dawns. Abdul-Baha, the Center
of the Covenant, is upon the earth. The blessed Springtime of the Day of God
is filling the hearts of spiritually awakened souls with joy and fragrance.
Heavenly farmers are sowing the seed .of the new dispensation throughout the
world. Although storm clouds appear on some horizons, and the rumble of a
storm is heard, yet the expanse of blue is brightened by the silvery lining of
that very thunder cloud.
During the past year the Bahais of America have been greatly favored
by Abdul~Baha through the presence of enabi Fazel Mazandarani. The good
news of his seed sowing throughout the United States and Canada has gladened
the Bahais everywhere. From this great work thousands of harvests will be
gathered. He has been ably assisted by Manucher Khan and Mirza Ahmad
Sohrab, who have interpreted for him during his travels. Dr. Zia M. Bagdadi
has returned refreshed from the presence of Abdul-Baha and is active in
spreading the glad-tidings.
"Lovely appear, over the mountains, the feet of them that preach, and
bring good news of peace."
And this reminds us that the time is nearing when-
"Over the barren wastes shall flowers now have possession:
Dark shades of ancient days full of hate and oppression,
In the brightness of joy fade away and are gone.
In this age tr'uly blest more than ages preceding,
Shall the corn never fail from the plentiful ground;

