STAR OF THE WEST 279
of the unity of the believers everywhere. Between their tears they endeavor to
explain what unity is. They have, among themselves, and in that portion of the
World in which they move and live, perfect -unity. That word has taken on a
new aspect for me since the departure of our Lord. Unity is SOmetl1i11g else
than what I thought before. Now that I know what it is, I hope to be able to
carry it out, to execute it. It isn't to teach, as so many nothing.
A Persian teacher here said yesterday that a time is coming when not any
believer would breathe a single breath for himself. That is unity! This Won-
derful teaching which we have learnt is only now beginning to be understood,
and this is that which Abdul-Baha meant when he said that if we knew what
would take place after his departure We would pray for his departure every day.
The holy family awaits the arrival of Shoghi Effendi Rabbani from Eng-
land. Until that time nothing will be undertaken regarding the reading of
the Testament of our Lord, the Center of the Covenant of God. He left a
letter addressed to Shoghi Effendi, and this letter he gave for safe-keeping
to the holy mother, and gave the order to write to Shoghi to come home. They
asked Abdul-Baha if they should cable Shoghi to come, but Abdul-Baha said no,
a letter would do. Abdul-Baha said this about two weeks before his departure.
Many instances testify to the fact that Abdul-Baha knew the date of his
departure from this world. Also he had a dream in which the Blessed Perfection
told him that "this house will be destroyed." Abdul-Baha slept
in the addition, in the room before mentioned. When the Krugs came Abdul-
Baha gave his room to them, and it was made ready for them. When they came
Abdul-Baha said to them, have given you my room." They felt badly,
thinking they had put Abdul-Baha out of his room. When Abdul-Baha per-
ceived their apprehension, he consoled them by saying that BAHA had
told him in a dream to go out of that room. So then they were satisfied to stay
there.
When delicacy seemed to dictate to me to leave here soon after the funeral
of our Lord, I mentioned it to the daughters, but the holy mother replied
that we should stay until after Shoghi's arrival and the reading of the Testa-
ment, for, she said, a living carrier is better than the dead mails, and the news
has to be carried by the one or by the other sooner or later anyway. And so
we were glad for this extra permission to stay here, but we expect to leave
soon after Shoghi's arrival. Lady Blomfield will come along, also of course
Roughanghis [Shoghi's sister], who was in college. They may arrive this week,
perhaps on the 10th or 11th of December. . . . .
Ella, we did not have much of a visit with Abdul-Baha during the
thirteen days that John and I were here. Abdul-Baha, however, sent once for
us and gave us a talk. Praise be to God, that we have that! Then one evening
John went to the Persian meeting which our Lord was in the habit of address-
ing, and, in order to favor John, and because of a remark John made to Abdul-
Baha, Abdul-Baha had every sentence translated, and so John has that wonder-
ful talk, too.
Abdul-Baha could not come every day to meals; it rained several times and
the weather was bad. Then the Krugs arrived, and soon afterward requested
Abdul-Baha not to trouble himself to come over to meals on account of us all.
Doctor Krug presented this request from the purely medical standpoint and wished
to save Abdul-Baha's strength, and Abdul-Baha granted their request. He said,
(Continued on page Q81)

