158 STAR OF THE WEST
West Englewood. Then I entered his
presence in Roy Wilhelm 's house.
I had gone to West Englewood with
Silviap walked up from the little
station, through the sweet, wil.d coun-
try, past the grove where the tables were
set for the feast, a great circle cleared of
underbrush, shady and fragrant with
tall pine-trees, in the midst of tangled
woods; then on up to the house where
he was, he whose presence filled our eyes
with light and without whom our days
had been very dim and lifeless!
Ah, there he Was again! There on
a corner of the porch that unique figure
in the flowing garments, which meant
the Heavenly Garment to us! sat
on the porch with him for a while.
Later he led us to the grove. There he
talked to the people, sitting beneath a
great tree, with a poor old Woman on
one side, very poor and humble, but
with the most shining faith, and on the
other Mrs. Krug, with her radiant pret-
tiness and rich clothes. His words have
been preserved, I will 110t repeat them;
I remember them, besides, very imper-
fectly. But he said one thing which
woke all my being; This is a New
Day, a New Hour!" I could not take
was so beautiful, so life-bestow-
ing to watch him, as he sat beneath that
great tree, the people grouped in circles
around him, teaching them as esus
used to do in the open--rustling leaves
and sky above his head!
(To be continued)
Bahai Organization
(Continued from page 155)
those who are able to attend the meet-
ings of consultation, and who have time
for the performance of their spiritual
duties as members of the meeting of con-
sultation.
Several months ago a board of spir-
itual consultation was organized in the
Washington assembly, in America, ac-
cording to the following procedure: A
general meeting of the entire assembly
was held at which a committee of five
was appointed to make a selection of
nine candidates for the assembly of
spiritual consultation. This committee
of five met several times and, after much
prayer and consultation, they selected
nine people. Four of these were of their
own number. Then the 'general assem-
bly met, and the result of the work of
the committee was made known. The
general assembly then unanimously
elected these nine candidates. It was
found much better to select the candi-
dates in a committee of five rather than
in an open meeting with all the assembly
present, for there were many matters
and details to be minutely discussed, and
this discussion might not have been feas-
ible in a large gathering. The meetings
of this body of consultation were ar-
ranged at a time most generally conve-
nient to all, when the friends were not
hurried, but could remain as long as
necessary for the pursuance of the spir-
itual work.
This Committee of Consultation is
now the center of administration and
direction of the Bahai Work in "Tash-
ington. Its first work was to appoint
several working committees from among
the people of the assembly who were not
members of this central body. From
time to time, as conditions required it,
these various committees met with the
Committee of Consultation, by special
appointment, to talk over and arrange
the many activities of the Cause. The
Committee of Consultation recognizing
the necessity of keeping all the friends
actively engaged in serving the Cause,
a special effort was made to interest the
new and the young believers in the
service of the Cause, in order that all
might have the blessing of engaging
actively in the pathway of the Covenant.
Charles Mason Remey.

