124 STAR OF THE WEST
hospitality and loving kindness. Many
seeds of love have been sown. The
glances of the Almighty are turned to-
ward such a gathering as this, whose
objects are love and reconciliation. The
aims of all the Prophets of God, while
they underwent persecution, was the
establishment of peace among the people
of the world. It is evident that racial
prejudice has long been a disease attack-
ing the body of humanity. There are
many blots on the pages of history due
to prejudices and misunderstandings.
However, there has always been a ray of
light through the gloom of tyranny and
injustice. The law of progress is due to
this. Now again it is in our midst.
"In my country, Persia, racial mis-
understandings were very strong, much
more so than in the United States. Al-
though racial prejudice played a great
part, there were other prejudices, such
as religious and sectarian, each one
playing havoc. Each of the races had
its own language and religion; and so
they fought, causing much spoliation,
destruction and carnage. Moslems per-
secuted Jews, withholding from them
the just administration of the laws.
"There are not many colored people
in Persia, yet they appear in the rec-
ords of the poets and scientists. One of
them was known as Lokman the Wise.
His sayings are on the lips of thousands.
When dying he told his son, if ever un-
happy, to find the shirt of a man who
has never been sad, put it on, and his
own sadness would vanish. When diffi-
culties came in the life of the son he
searched in vain for such a man, and
thus realized that sorrows were the com-
mon lot. One of the kings of Persia had
a colored son. In his youth he proved
himself so clever and capable that he
was chosen by his father over another
son as his successor. He became one of
the wisest and most sagacious kings of
Persia, gathering around him many
scholars. He had the Greek books trans-
lated into Persian and his court became
famous for wisdom and learning.
"Racial and religious prejudice lately
b-ecame much intensified in Persia until
a great spiritual movement appeared.
The doors of the Kingdom were opened.
The Divine Bounty rained doWn and
thousands of people were filled with the
power of God. The Divine love brought
a community of interest. All antag-
onistic elements gathered around the
standard of unity and agreement. Lib-
eral ideas were introduced among the
children in the schools. The children
being simple and coming from God with-
out prejudices, grew up knowing God
and His laws. In reality, children enter
the world without bigotry and fanat-
icism, but are taught these things by
their elders. My only race is the human
race. My only religion is that of God.
My country is the whole world. We
must put aside narrow and limited no-
tions, for we see the harm they have
done othersDivine
justice and universal service. All tears
must be wiped away!
"Leaders of humanity, teachers, edi-
tors, preachers, must take the lead in
developing these ideals. The Sun of
Reality has dawned from the horizon of
the World. The Breeze of Generosity is
wafting and the Call of the Kingdom
has reached the ends of the earth! Ere
long there will be great waves of love.
The banner of Universal Peace will be
hoisted! Gloom will be dispelled. We
shall all be as the leaves of one tree and
the flowers of one rose-garden, and all
the friends of God will embrace each
other."
So ended this glorious convention, the
chairman telling the great audience that
suggestions from each and all would
be welcome, with a view to 
into workable shape for permanent or-
ganizations the noble ideals expressed
during the interesting sessions. All the
people as they departed at a late hour
to their homes, seemed possessed of a
wonderful hope and happiness.
To Him be praise!

