STAR OF THE WEST
"We desire but the good of the world and the happiness of the nations; that all nations
shall become one in faith and all men as brothers; that the bonds of afiection and unity be-
tween the sons of men shall be strengthened, that diversity of religion shall cease and differ-
ences of race be annulled. So it shall be; these fruitless strifes; these ruinous wars shall
pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall 
Vol. 12 . Asma 1, 77 (August 1, 1921) No. 8
Pen Pictures of Abdul-Baha in America
FROM TI-IE DIARY OF JULIET THOMPSON
(Continued from page 140)
YESTERDAY morning, June 12,
1913, I Went up early to Abdul-
Baha's house, that house whose door
opened about eight in the morning and
kept open (With no one to guard it)
until midnight!
He had been away and I had not seen
him for three days. I had brought my
pastels, thinking he might Want to sit
for me, but I found him looking utterly
spent. He was i11 the lower reception
room, or hall, the English basement of
the house, and Valiolah Khan was with
him. He looked up With brilliant eyes.
"What do you Want of us, Juliet?"
he smiled.
"Only to be near you!" (I had hid-
den my pastels.)
"You must excuse me from sitting for
the portrait today. I am not able to-
day."
Then he talked to us a little, but soon
went out alone, to "the garden," leaving
Ruth, Valiolah and me together.
"It is Wonderful," said Ruth as
Abdul-Baha Went, "to see how the
world is quickened today in all direc-
tions.' 
"And to know," I added, that the
voice that is quickening it, so powerfully
quickening it, is that tender voice that
spoke to us just now."
Today (June 12th) I went up early
to his house, but not early enough. As
I turned into 78th Street, I saw him at
the other end of the block on his way
to the garden, his turban a dazzling spot
in the sunlight, his robes floating out
with great grace as he Walked.
Later he returned. Miss Buckton had
arrived by that time and a poor little
waif of humanity, a Jewess. She was
all i11 black, this poor child, with a lit-
tle pale face, careworn and tearworn.
I had been in the kitchen with Lua.
I came out upon a scene dominated by
the Master. He was sitting, as usual, at
the window, the strong carving of his
face thrown into high relief by masses
of shadow, his turban and white aba
bright in the sunlight. On one side
sat Miss Buckton, on the other, this
poor stricken child. While the biggest
tears I had ever seen splashed from her
eyes she told him her hopelessly dismal
story.
"Don't grieve now, don't grieve, he
said. He was very, very still, and I
think he was calming her.
"My brother has been in prison for
three years. He was imprisoned un-
justly. It was not his fault; he was led;
he was Weak, a victim of others. He
has four more years to serve. My father
and mother are depressed all the time.
My brother-in-law, who Was our support,
has just died."
There it Was, the sum of human mis-
ery: poverty, Weakness, disgrace, sor-
row, despair and the maddening pall of
gloom.
"You must trust in God, said Abdul-
Baha.
"But the more I trust the Worse
things become!" she sobbed.
"You have never trusted."
But my mother is reading the psalms
all the time. She does not deserve that
God should desert her so! II read the
psalms myself, the ninety-first psalm

