STAR OF THE WEST
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
thou Sun or THE W1~:sr!
Be thou happy! Be thou happy! Shouldst thou continue to remain firm and eternal, ere
long, thou shalt become the Star of the East and shalt spread in every country and clime.
Thou art the first paper of the Bahais which is organized in the country of America. Al-
though for the present thy subscribers are limited, flay form is small and thy voice weak, yet
shouldst thou stand unshakable, become the object of the attention of the friends and the
center of the generosity of the leaders of the faith who are firm in the Covenant, in the fu-
ture thy subscribers will become hosts after hosts like unto the waves of the sea; thy volume
will increase, thy arena will become vast and spacious and thy voice and fame will be raised
and become at last thou shalt become the first paper of the world of human-
ity. Yet all these depend upon firmness firmness, firmness!
(Signed) Amms.
TABLET FROM ABDUL-BAHA
ye apostles of BAHA my life be a ransom to you!
. . . . Similarly, the Magazine, the STAR or THE Wnsr, must be edited in the utmost
regularity, but its contents must be the promulgator of the Cause of that both in the
East and the West, they may become informed with the most important events.
(Signed) ABDUL--BAHA ABBAS.
Editorial Stafl': ALBERT R. WINDUST--GERTRUDE Z14 M. BAGDADI
Honorary Member: M1112.-x AHMAD Sonms
 
Vol. 12 Sultan 1, 77 (January 19, 1922) N0. 17
 
not your calamity alone. Nay, rather,
it is a blow to Islam, and a calamity for
the Whole world, of the past and the
present. The teachings of BAHA 
and Abdul-Baha are spread in the East
of the earth and in the West aha the
Bahais, who are very numerous, join
with us in this commemoration. O, I
can well imagine what the Bahais are
going through today when they rece-ive
the shocking news by cablegrams. 
how they are seeking patience, but
are not finding it; asking for conso-
lation, but cannot gain it, and looking
for comfort, but cannot find the way.
Therefore the sacred countries of Hijaz,
Egypt, Damascus and Persia that have
produced this precious jewel and price-
less pearl, is sharing with the Holy Land
its grief and sorrow for the generous
one who has departed and now is resting
in the heart of Mount Carmel, the dwel-
ling-place of Elijah and Joshua and the
rest of their prophet brethren. May
God send upon us and unto you reward
and recompense, bestow upon us and
unto you patience for this calamity.
'This calamity has made all previous
calamities to be forgotten. But this
calamity will never be forgotten.' 
Sheikh Younis Eifendi El-Khatib (a
noted Mohammedan poet) was the fifth
speaker. He recited a poem that he
composed: 'God has ordained the de-
parture of Abdul-Baha, who is the Lord
of virtues, perfections and wisdom. The
people are weeping and mourning be-
cause of the separation from the one who
was the of all time. He planted
favors in his sublime rose-garden. They
grew and bore sweet fruits. The crea-
tures are the collective witnesses of his
perfections and deeds that surpassed
everything. . . 
His honor Bishop Bassilious (the
leader and head of the Greek Catho-
lic Church of Haifa) was the sixth
speaker. The Bishop spoke in the praise
of Abdul-Baha, especially mentioning
his remarkable, majestic personality and
his matchless philanthropic deeds toward
the poor.
Wadie Effendi Bistany (one of the
brightest Christian youths and poets)
was the seventh speaker. He recited a
poem that he composed: 'In the souls
and in the minds thou art immortal.
One like thee, who has all perfections,
virtues and honors, is eternal. . . .

