132 STAR OF THE WEST
perfected instruments of carnage, in a
few days millions of men can be dis-
patched into the Unknown.
From a philological standpoint, if we
compare the conditions of those people,
whom we call savages and barbarians,
and our own people, especially in this
age, calling ourselves civilized and en-
only difference between
us is that whereas formerly we killed the
people with those primitive instruments,
with javelins, darts and others; today
we kill them with these perfected scien-
tific instruments and we call ourselves
civilized (laughter and applause).
This is, therefore, self-evident that in-
tellectual accomplishments, scientific
achievements, by themselves, and
through themselves, will not bring about
human felicity and prosperity--nay,
rather, they increase discontent, turmoil,
and conflict; setting class against class
and bringing havoc and disorder.
The last world war is the greatest
demonstration of this fact; that this war
in itself was the result of the human, so-
called, enlightenment and civilization.
Can we imagine that we are through
with war! Or we are through forever
with human greed, passion and conflict!
Any man, studying with seeing eyes and
intelligent mind the conditions before his
eyes and the events transpiring in differ-
ent parts of the man, I say,
coming to such a conclusion is devoid of
intelligence.
Having already traveled for one year
throughout the various cities of the
United States and Canada and speaking
before ever so many clubs, schools, col-
leges, universities and churches, I have
come to a rather startling conclusion;
that, nationalism, which is the cause of
all warfare, is today more active in the
schools and in the colleges of this coun-
try than ever before, and we call this
country the home of peace, the most
progressive, and the most liberal dem-
ocratic government on the face of the
earth.
In many of these so-called common
schools I observed with my own eyes
that the teachers sowed the seeds of
national superiority, or what We call
prejudices, in the pure, virgin soil of the
minds and the hearts of these children
who have to grow in this age With an in-
ternational mind and a universal con-
science. But, they grow up under the
present conditions with narrow-minded
ideas, with simple thoughts concerning
the almost perfection of the conditions
of their own country and environment.
The remedy for these diseases is to ex-
tricate the very root of these prejudices
from the minds and the hearts of the
people of the world (applause).
No matter how far we may go back in-
to the dim history of the past, we find
spiritual teachers, divine prophets, heav-
enly poets, who are shining in the heav-
ens of human consciousness like scintil-
lating stars, leading and guiding men to
the fountain head of peace, brotherhood,
and solidarity.
These holy souls were those who,
though surrounded by many difficulties
and persecutions and sufferings, stood
firm and steadfast, and called the atten-
tion of their fellow men to the practice
of those primal laws of fellowship and
comradeship, and heavenly association.
Although in those ages it was impos-
sible for these inspired teachers to prac-
tically lay the foundation of universal
peace, yet they did not sleep, they did
not rest; they worked and taught, day
in and day out, and sowed the seeds of
brotherhood, of unity and love in the
hearts of men.
Some of these prophets were exiled
from their homes through the ignorance
of men, others were cut into- pieces by
the swords of intolerance, some were put
on the cross, like His Holiness, Christ"
notwithstanding all these insurmountable
difficulties they arose to the situation
and spread the light and the rays of the
Sun of Oneness and Truth.
Then this new age dawned. The
breezes of Providence Wafted; the night-
ingales of the love of God sang; the sun

