278 STAR OF WEST
mosquito netting over the bed was let down, and this covered from our eyes the
remains of our Lord. We got up and went into the adjacent room, and
the door of the room out of which we came was closed.
But before this, the blood of the wounds of this blow had begun to flow,
and the hurt and the pain and the moans increased with every minute. We
five European pilgrims were in the room together with the holy family, and
the holy mother held my husband's hand and the Greatest Holy Leaf held mine.
After a time We Went back to the Pilgrim House, leaving the holy family alone.
It was still moon at all. Not long afterward the dawn broke, and
at last the sun rose with great effulgence over the scene of this memorable night.
Then we went over to the holy household again. We found them nearly ex-
hausted from excessive grief.
After a little more time, many callers came and all wept bitterly. After
that new callers ea.me and during the day and night for four or five days. It is
an Eastern custom and duty to receive and see them all, to feed them, and to
have them stay over night. It was a painful duty for the holy mother and her
four daughters--not to speak of the no-w very feeble Greatest Holy Leaf--to
see and to talk with, and to be embraced, kissed and bewailed by all these visitors.
But they went through this, too, the same as through everything else. Through-
out the days, Tablets were chanted to the visitors.
The sons-in-law and the grandsons and the six Persian pilgrims from Persia,
and all the other Persians who had been like eourtiers at the court of Abdul-Baha,
were all busy>> and engaged with the preparations for the interment, and how
they could walk and talk and see, with their eyes blind from tears, was a miracle.
It seemed that so much weeping was never done since the world began.
The holy funeral took place 0-n Tuesday morning, the casket being borne
on the shoulders of men, up and up and up Mount Carmel, until the sacred spot
of the Tomb of His Holiness the Bab was reached, and there Abdul-Baha was
temporarily buried.
I cannot tell and write you everything in this letter--it is too much. You
will read elsewhere of the addresses of the clergy and people on Mount Carmel.
I could write books on the procession up the way to the Tomb of the Bab. Also
photographs were taken by Curtis Kelsey and Dr. Krug and you will get some
later.
Ella, when those speeches were made at the Tomb of His Holiness the Bab--
the casket containing the holy remains of Abdul-Baha being outside, with the
bright sunlight shining upon it--and those thousands of souls listening, that was
the earthquake of which it speaks in the Holy Scriptures, and that was the rending
of the veil in the temple! They said such things of Abdul-Baha that the earth
of the hearts of the people, which had hitherto been stony, was put in motion,
and the veil that was before the eyes of their purely human spirits was rent
asunder, and they began to know who it was who had dwelt among them.
These speeches were made by Moslems and others who were not believers. There
has been since a great demand for literature, and the people are greatly aroused
and shaken everywhere. The Holy -Spirit descended upon many who had hitherto
been purely of the human spirit. All existence has taken on a new garment,
for the shock of his death was indeed as an could not be described
as anything else.
The grief of the holy family is indescribable. They cannot be consoled at
all. They say that nothing can console them except the hearing of the news

